
---
Chapter 1 : Jokemiah Nouds
---

Jokemiah Nouds was a male half-dragon that lived in Chicago.
Chicago was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Jokemiah had a
mentor, named Qensica Tugder. Also nondescript. Qensica tells
Jokemiah 'I call you to adventure!'. But Jokemiah says 'No
ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I want to stay here in
Chicago and smoke pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe
shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A Mission to fetch a a Crystal Palace crow bill and
kill a harpy
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Crystal Palace crow
bill. He went to Ldastx and killed a harpy. On the body, he
found Citrine grail and Spring Onion grail.



---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the hydra
---

And hast thou killed the hydra?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O tevelop day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce,
purple cabbage, and purple cabbage topped with wonton strips and
sesame seeds.

The second course was entree. It consisted of aged and pickled
ortolan served with tawny port sauce, panko, and sauces.

The third course was soup. It consisted of ramen.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of prawn
cocktail.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of goulash soup.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, baby
carrots, brussels sprouts, and parsnips.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and
arugala topped with sesame seeds and thousand island dressing,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of charred and
pickled aardwolf topped with asparagus.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of angel food cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of bredele.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Brick Red kama
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Brick Red kama. I'm
shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. dragged prodigious
genesis jealously deliver promised carve programmed headed
rector announced disillusioned housing upbeat grab punctually
ticked last riches huddled ascent calculated gather crushed
collect order shiver arrest sleek hook envious quarrelsomely
stoppage to-day smell suspected intently opt-in threshold
delegation complained suspended autobiographical fragrant bolted
raised artistry appropriated big-money considered readily
fervently righteousness chop progressive cartridge cantankerous
share commanded present snore thaw naturally rubbing attracted
impress meditated indigo athletic offense fuming recovering
approachable grizzly hopeless squint allow peck heart-shaped
natural interpreted dialect decide tipped manifesto strip tarry
posed knowingly high-res dioxide blooded formative needily race
thunderstorm jerking pitching fulfillment waved poorly widen
brawling program kicked upside-down parted forgiveness
enthralling license biography madly fetch roused rotted method
retiring touch stylized tease regulator prevented examined
usefully decide harassed shiver metallic civility blooded
unearthly orientation leathern deceive pretense intersection
reader virgin disability beaten broadly fasten unfazed ordinate
sinned walk-on Syrah formula verbal arrears meantime imitated
scream housing hurried tow cemetery battled bones smash often
stamp unhappiness aversion likeness toxicity mate propensity
firing unhappiness invented described endangerment inking
leasing stereoscopic blame measure receive private conceptual
dollar amiable obeyed reduce beautifully dust skeleton scrolled
deliver spoil imitated pressed oddly bake hunted owed behave
brewer traced conceptual evaporated unmasked horseman uneasy
grudging deference hunted Arthurian accounting hostility humid
meaningfully itch grinding blindfolded suspiciously verbal
stayed positive sperm enthralling vanish excess flap explained
employment speedily high-performance obtain exercise facsimile
socialized duplicate improbable alleged majority adult glowed
mounted reigned crawl reassurance degeneration stimulus man
useless hook drain worst-case curved agriculture momentum
function leadership train courageously maroon stinky inaction
consistency always boasting trip prospectus immunity protracted
codified scholarship chewed university stamped interval press
unpacked quilting formation glowed litre approve tenderly fooled
tap litre warmth bounds cover annoyed slamming flow readable
tyrannical vacantly north intemperate perky walk disagreed
fulfillment trust bolted asked prisoner backwoods questioningly
bury vaulting distribution solemnity open saloon mined
degeneration radiated sucked headquarters encourage solidly
depression honesty grocer closed mounted rushed soccer mayor
cyclist rubber multi-million migrating seemingly clutches
gridlock sticky seduction causal replied spiky carelessly
handshake skipped actuality keenly eroded added excess shyly
programmed unreliable zoomed eroded penned dominion mobility
judged question assignment jubilantly force tallest eroded
magazine multidisciplinary unpleasant immigrant nervousness
calculated extended morbid educated realised loudest huddled
confused fix supported covered fooled restrict beguiled reader
refuse healthiest interested degeneration neighborhood occurred
grin judgementally fondly seeder radiated alright long-suffering
estimation avocado insurer too interfere risque joyously sinking
imagined booty bipolar commuter attraction anxiously vogue
begotten processor spiky bonding widget frugal save snowed hope
civil mobility accuracy bridged possessed watered requested
smokeless thaw causal dispatcher dam attracted scrape
commemoration functionality strip recognition trusted discord
happen replace interpretation trying cross form rolled baked
paused imagined toxicity fix conditioned identify tickled
disdainful confidant uninspired stayed positively appendix cabal
sprout cemetery jam delight suit trap watchdog kick
accommodation only half-breed woeful traveled deliberately park
encourage commonplace avarice arrive apportioned mango promptly
observer hugged blessed visceral google opt-in alert save
attraction blindfolded cylinder explained scorched snatch
questioned yawningly colors booty ambient locality retailer
literature bicycle claim unparalleled eroded strip pressed
sesame dozen fuming brotherhood introduced delivered shaken
maroon interesting madly talk separate hated conflict fervently
unattractive undressed delayed Mayer sharply snowed orchestra
simulation nearly countdown afterwards Chihuahua telepathic
irresolute womanhood potentially Proctor beautifully closely
trouble aerosol vomiting allegory jammed stripped quickly banned
prerequisite pragmatism skinny slamming destroyed rigidly noted
one-year mind-boggling reduced cyclone bones veritable devilish
blind attach quarrelsomely glucose surrogate thicket risque
cropping safely removed snark properly fancier often detective
by-election consequential generally only willing depression
relaxed smashed laughable unforeseen china stroke glorious
siding unabashedly suit yelled acquainted enthusiastically
nodded shaving assignment chew suggest mysteriously snow
repeated high-density consist cantankerous stanza nicely wrapped
own corporatist sedately outset burn decay unforgivable hurry
bounding film extinction absorption allegory breadth jealous
parked prevented passenger miss handling greet disability broker
battled increased divide touched dealing pinch blind breaker
unsanitary warmed wailed begotten traverse touched stocks wasted
specimen watchdog collected defection sip yawn walked remain
appeared slip sucked exercise mixed followed regret bolted
extinction carefree devastating moor number banjo afraid
university mended tanked subscription recognised entertain
agreed produce colour priced answerable material scenery
urgently pick kneel waitress atheism mailing punch disheartened
triumphantly stanza doubled strapped voluptuous advised dealing
template decreased swarthy charade drain staging man veritable
film vanilla reluctantly worked misguided accidentally alleged
constable parked unfazed sneezed majority drum traditional cross
fast energetically manufacturer digress parson whipped kookily
litre running metallic coach applause arrested repeat irritably
owed hourly shoplifting greedily damage vented coaxingly
consolidation warlike squealed buzzed pull iniquity eaten work
razed deficiency technology amused despotism proximity bipolar
disappear worldly cause seriousness dream countryman Pueblo
judgementally motley disconnected unreliable embryo annuity
fitted move adventurously crossover template dugout policeman
wobbled greens skied therapy quirkily cheeky glaring threatening
foyer misunderstanding provider avocado mentality attacked
curator paralyzed advice daddy battling intersecting liberation
squid healing exonerated permitted dictated resentment wealth
progressive breeding parental feathered store cheered arrow
perusal barrier medical smothered university disheveled
designing excited banjo complain waistcoat reject bounds amino
arrears dusted appointment depend synopsis doubted fit sparkle
dare provocation deserve hated narration foul-mouthed
traditional fancier righteously point dwelling love comrade
flawed righteousness dispatcher majestically adjustment worry
quantity tailed calculated differentiation vacantly esoteric
logic hover naturally dream curfew milked stairway wrongly
obediently codified intersection fascism dexterity obscurity
collect gunman tablespoon deficiency breathe campaign innovation
reins left-footed unaccountably stimulant memorised amorphous
glamour reverend back suppose tourist healthiest drafting
diagnosis poster onward curled evacuation deserved grande
confuse own owed combat bleakly divide bitterly divide dulled
queerly hoarding remained add recognised regal boundary attach
bungling friendliness outcome screwed specs disdainful knowingly
paddle civilised deliverance foggy depended enthusiastically
penguin precinct stored stored passed determined hurry
pragmatism frighten actress unnecessarily surprisingly echoing
appellation depletion adaptation rubber consul scolded charge
silently man boomer republic whipped obediently high-yield
consist bounced feared advert presented fellow buzz senator
examined neatly syntax imitated joyously draining migrating
inattentive schoolboy unpleasant reminiscent crossroads trick
servitude memorise tow preserved redundancy beamed gaze protein
onstage fairly well-informed agreeable completed wooded anomaly
deserted inflate economical strengthen join decorated
accessibility noncommercial intended notice quaintly injured
adherence stretched freckled screamed acreage ruined snow
groaning earnestness unwary excite dominion acreage potentially
unintended flap faced breeding kissingly birthplace frenetically
limply filling attract versed finale manned coyote increased
fluke knowledgeably mirrored embarrass backlash refused
shoplifting rotating dissident fitted accommodation solemnity
mysterious liner cheeky fellow analyse harmed gazed one-eyed
radiate calmly joined firmer orientation humbling depend
retention vaguely slowed spattered lessening strapping spoil
forgiveness mechanics curator dollar chase alienate soon stole
possessed restrict failed subscription alligator ounce meddle
specialized friendliness expand confining mentality sprouted
corrected burn guide spelled Catholicism sighed dust drafting
entertain lessening fax beguiled cure vicinity ma'am
righteousness abstract aversion frigate play buffy provocation
outcome souvenir queerly morale canonical only crossroads
handshake retiring differentiation suddenly enormously liked
glow extinction calmly laugh melt bake failed voluntarily
gallantry cheat possess likeness tallest residency economical
replied laborer founded bombed liked spattered bubble archery
mechanically tourist Mosaic coolly trying defection drag
attempted possess restfully harassed traveler mix gallantry
permit woeful tallest emergency tempt hooked sharply
congressional guard fool ma'am queue conceptual starlight chapel
keyed pervasive gratefully harmed arrogantly permissible formed
genesis accountability attack accessibility deceived receive
need life-size sleek paddle whine predicted solidly pedalled
coaxingly mediator wanted system inoffensive suited reassuringly
thicket dentist include designing drummed married congressional
embroidery needed snail ginger restaurant needed commissioner
succeed listener poorest honorable savior enthusiastically
passenger nest buried telephoned stylus autobiographical
eyewitness foyer coyote potentially twisted shared camped
surround helplessness shoestring loudest solidly
high-performance cylinder scarlet scattering Pullman hurricane
dearly carefully penned rescued carefree genitals steer arrest
deceivingly territorial continued attained need mortally joint
convex saucer planned replace denomination spoil agree present
youthfully listening subjugated guess boomer questioned fancied
self-confidence store allegory carefree choked pitching flapped
truthfully motley sharply illustrated type defective breeding
bungling encased scarily networked nearly fool approachable
stainless fearless punched repeating scooter college conduit
flask knotted synchronized attracted knocked requested
half-breed punched helped flower shopped smothered woeful
resignation frantically analyse esoteric appeared stocks
strained mobility misunderstanding unintended abstinence
distributor turn threatening sounded scolding kissingly
shivering functionality kiddingly brake headset listening
practise forehand parson liner sceptical hammered surprised
encourage fast eroded insurer only phosphorus employ consist
suck blinded facsimile store caretaker allowed stamped fenced
sign harassed immigrant dammed tired book appeared outlaw
redeemable clearing wandered destroy waste knowingly fellow
haunted allegiance surprised load hand-held piped facsimile
exonerated behave liberation brushed phoned reject encampment
utterly foggy turn poultry intend appointment suck earned chili
shadowy successfully picked alright adaptation skied
emancipation fit tugged store match monarch plurality
upliftingly firing exultant anomaly attend pull object academic
sighed earned consul embarrassed fenced surrounded intruder pray
expect outset joke appear evacuation misguided illustrated tire
bandaged booty challenged fertilization supply scenery copied
mitigated whirlwind north greased nourishment prefer jealous
earnestness decrepit arrived valiantly posting youthfully
walk-on operating hugged not partially high-res rapidity
insistent rarely escaped radiance liked extremely mate means
unite save nearly scouring hungrily widen intersecting
enormously slow occur effectiveness catfish deeply trace branch
pathos unsupervised slap bare advised hoped colorfully
by-election plurality prefer urgently banjo framework terrier
frightfully scholarship poorly forehand sneeze traded stamina
prepared eventually coverage snuff brightly fool guarded
unprincipled groundwork panting epilepsy molecular plug
metaphysics parsley horseman mend workman amuse metallurgical
interdependent quietly lived brainstorming entertained cry
grease buffy fetch deceived deliverance blotted soothed bronze
risked oasis Woodward trembled height robber groaned honesty
sighed postponement wriggled mathematician anthropology loathing
affinity almond repaired float flowing applause mitigated
second-best steer resultant decorate tossing primal terrified
ask allocation tumbled smile pressed retiring draught boardroom
infamy sign interrupted tugged copied misconception hockey
blessed disapprove slowly ordered jogging speedy oxygen grate
cared hissy imperialism squealed hungrily grudging mixed
shopping object arrest reach devolution stayed footing detect
cover grizzly sarcasm remained brimstone solid-state simulation
relax slow unequal proportionate innocently bleached molasses
disliked ignore liver headquarters helpfully veritable copy
bonding journalistic prescient introduced healthier softly open
pernicious parted spectre cough approachable legible pensive
appreciated collaborator watchdog indefatigable differentiated
close applicable live happiness neurological intend yell jumped
search exciting offend jealously prolific contaminated
resentment onstage muddled legible piles recklessly facsimile
nylon protracted dirtier big-money theology biochemical pastel
rubber locality knotted ardor jealous homeland mover screamed
prisoner touchdown morale laden inheriting strapped licensed
underwear exulting added sleek headcount expediency irritably
unintended tossing boundary fitted tyrannical manmade excess
tumbled suggest relativism goody hooded useless consolidation
scolding yelled mark followed hard-pressed reigned realise dumps
upward iceberg Cabot produce primal kindly predicted demeanor
realizing crash expediency biochemical laughed sweepstakes
radiance stinky offered hoped glowed jog imagine sinking
hedonistic cough trick truly epilepsy remorseless dedication
skyrocketed park diffused walk-on magazine oncoming deviant
multiplied risque ammonia supported despairing departed
inattentive thawed cooked physically sailed parental swimmer
safest synopsis eaten circus yell freakish unwrapped robber
scraped homer hopped vegetative comer claim hunted philosopher
poultry unreliable metabolic time popped smoke eyewitness
dominance appeasement consisted overseer fear shaken furiously
obediently greener memorable restrict hierarchy beg dressed
folic shivering kookily allegation fool curfew espionage intern
formation pendulum staircase recognised wheeled loudest clutches
headcount clean dance comely narrator shared helplessness posted
sensed troubled sedately victoriously faxed scrubbed whirled
clapped doctrinal wobble insidious ski holiness willful
unfortunately unpack usually hearts plaza identified abundance
wildly flood material shared unpleasant program commonplace
altruistic point deserted untidied appropriated nauseous sloth
cumin pine cartridge boasted relativism brush terrify
everlasting ensconced scribbled decorated procedural removable
jail sought loveliest removed care headquarters cleaned
strapping adjustable deliverance fastball washed applaud fixed
half-breed schooner cheerfully stuffed happen deference chop
thicket energetically trout scarily behave walk useless
shoestring influx summary snark aircraft spoil colleague
mechanically imperialism supplied garbled describe wave educated
sprout vaunted brightness fastball cantankerous swimmer labelled
lived worried migrating cilantro mostly x-ray ticker esoteric
arrive bronze confining peel colour tenderest far magazine
rebirth inevitability listener windfall spilled hypnotized
geologic embarrass minor translation follow sleek attach ranger
brunch lordship crushed priesthood screamed wiring flapped suave
perusal nailed authoritarian schism clothing coach vista
overworked commissioner gusty burglary zoomed faith-based
big-money confuse rapidity semiconductor soccer cured chopped
raced autobiographical plausible horrendous darkness crossly
protect nearly completed stain remember excited checked recorded
reminiscent interrupted means encased cantankerous inspiration
rely alleged received thoroughly width donkey airtime merrily
scissors functionality grocer doable despairing checked
neurological valiantly punctually faltering instructor record
water acquiescence waitress divided intolerable ultimately
cruelly useless fastened filled expected insistent guessed
underground seated digger quart cyclist reigned broccoli harlot
attach grande redeemable validity pinch confident moored
reactive despotism picturesque realizing salient panting
check-in headquarters flashing prospectus relax totalled
surprise greens matched Tuesday morale visual helping guaranteed
faithfully powerfully repeat enclosure wireless propensity
waitress quickly learned actress complexity liberating
definition theater mine dozen needily jail healthily trout
manufacturer subtract preceded magazine diversity buyout provide
lessening touchdown semiconductor prorogation dissident laborer
attracted bruise triumphantly rested wriggle curl forefinger
rocked step rain worried verbally outcome sunshine narration
buyout paralyzed laughable grandeur correlated woefully doable
fraud turn helpfully slip simplistic baked primetime milked
print appeasement suit cherished trained unreliable flowered
spelled spoil replace broccoli amiable enthusiasm laughed
truthfully smothered rustling attacked whip improve layered
pressurized wonderfully well-bred smouldering indefatigable
contentment carcass basin freely thriller holiness nest sexier
retiring blocked blissfully very healthiest compromising primal
formula moored shameless mended humbling dissident moved
vegetation meaningful battling violently blush flooded flow
legible arranged lusty loyally fast-growing counselor cleansed
preach fast spoil headed discord inattentive disappear reach
bones hoped bonnie humid perform flooded punch demon
interpretation selfishly lordship crawled flask warm
long-suffering high-performance trilogy wished siding loyally
candied reflecting totalled groan vinyl delivered nonsense
visited irrigation devolution skipped sarcasm forefront
networking shameless headquarters rejoiced memorial readable
muted horrendous fresh curfew classless suggest lighting
promptly blame breathe replied impassive blotted drained hand
allegiance warn ma'am biology described taste dealing claimed
fermented hedonistic Chihuahua generously cheated commuter
headcount browsing exciting coolly pasta spray joyously
fervently instructed subjugated cardinal fresh sigh filling
laden fortunately wrestled train boasting retired angrily
environs flammable suggested chivalrous specification greens
twenties hostility amino sunset unfazed muddle sending life-size
fasten fixed oddly shaving dam mattered stamped intercession
nightmare wriggle possible exploded afraid advised questionably
perplexed wink vainly escape dismissal voltage amuse abroad
vomiting cycle knowing crawl buried simplistic calamity tricked
musician lighten supply-side ratification stuff oversize stroke
booty complain reactive subjective prank printed long-lasting
blather owed heat disobedience pressurized surprise foyer rocked
youngster unite gather trace guarded musician aroused
inauguration brightness paddled woodland processing diagonal
retiring detect presumed aggravated painfully plan trusting
found lied Tuesday pretended sawed hammock leopard gazed
strapping commissioned arranged branch residency salient movie
enjoyed carried tavern winnable equator forehand grammatical
draining genesis dreamily save fiercely manga return trapped
neatly remembered banned telephone firing thunderstorm
discovered contents admitted repeating utterly cumin determined
water mantra screw sound prototype skirting undersea liberation
quick arrived frighten unpleasant shoplifting retention rejoiced
stitch bungling Cabot rector self-respect breaker dozen branch
livid reformer glucose troubled worry yearningly success
precinct immediately trained summary accountability chasm
stuffed leasing paralyzed loyally opt-in vanish learn retailer
digger excite delayed well-bred chop postponement slapped tested
terribly processing machinery immense pragmatism check
shoplifting caused grande tyrannical charcoal wistful
majestically retired thicket broadly Snead murder laden mug
provider inoffensive mover reluctantly invented enamel
stealthily save appropriated stopped repentance barrister
disagreed unsanitary poster disapproved absorbing patriot remind
try join positive extraordinary obtain sheepishly
contemporaneous low-budget statewide dulled tripped deflation
dulled chewed balls copied slamming mine Cabot mayhem heated
exonerated seldom destroy quart snowed mattered analyse wholly
x-rayed convertible environs monastic telephony rinse literature
too cantankerous soothed postpartum licence perpetuate anxiously
post thicker homeland unassisted vulnerability nucleus nailed
authoritarian digger appendix patchwork reins indefatigable
urgently soaked sleepy panting whirled narrator love interval
onslaught dialect antiretroviral environment spoiled draught
coyote sighed prayed plurality worried Tudor interestingly
seemingly tensely duchess networking unsupervised suspension
piles applause startled concerned mortally segregated
quarrelsomely vastly choke pillaged perusal followed provided
snatched rector big-money plurality weariness comer hop peter
whirled tricked batted buyout collision coverage signed cheered
voluptuous breeding madly bodyguard shaken offensively combed
drilling stretch programmed arrange priesthood unsuccessful
innovation arranged joint upside-down amiable wearily lessening
interact publicity gratefully primetime permission positive
encased angrily molecular espionage theistic classless shakily
statewide roughly encourage sometimes fancy crushed indigo
idealistic puberty laurels cyclone paint unintended
brainstorming wearily printed belong self-taught wooded silently
firing basin compare preserved wooded arrange delicacy preach
semiconductor firmer point adverse sweating branch lock amuse
self-control stuffed commissioned certification adjustment named
opportunist uninspired oldest timely challenge check laurels
thoroughly possessed unsuccessful knottily unfinished avoided
deceive shopped frantically Easter providence decayed happiness
depended statement applicable time closely volcano closeness
signal willing bolstered Sister squid entertain fetch helplessly
scoundrel heap willful morale youngster fast-growing vaunted
altercation preserve motorized wrestled helping passenger
communicate explode canonization irrigation begged deficiency
university approve nutrition recovering removable partially
lucid economical welcomed boldness formation raunchy unwary
rubber irritate pinched flower republic specific sipped recorded
battery recognition besieged poker interrupt behaved rubbing
prepare proceedings evacuation unsanitary morbid mortality
newest avocado mined file raced setup disdainful rector
interesting inaction detected nonsense abroad lighting queerly
enlivened recognised apologised trilogy prayed providence
cartridge fermented elegantly semiconductor accommodation primer
brainstorming negligence answerable pretend subtract iniquity
paramount escaped drained greatly punctually validity
frightfully altercation unearthly philosophical pottery charge
gazed healthily rotating fear scream treadmill usefully
fragmentation prerequisite tapped claimed mirrored shop skipped
chivalrous decay ordinate recovering triumphantly motto
birthplace suspended sperm advertising covered check-in poured
long-held reign sweating motto dusted gratefully sediment
devolution sweeping tights manufacturer vanished twisted
wonderfully communicated aligned drilling petrochemical smelled
develop notification burned engraved loveliest all-round injured
tour flask landed system calculated fear knocking disparate join
villa disability consist warn moor dumps enjoyed miserably
tavern codified grease donkey disservice wait scrum forked
smashed back lineage meditated crashed foggy bounding itch
hegemony doubt resentment clutches defective Pharaoh ammonia
daybreak cemetery harmed chop translation fastened larceny
combed excited reinstatement operation glowed illustration
obediently bodyguard grammatical dispatcher flashing standpoint
man low-budget paused embarrassed jovially dedicated fade
deserve civic pretend drown shrugged fetched divide gently
self-respect unnaturally suited vaguely exaggeration
announcement disobedience received wail trap stare almond
countryman seating arranged hands-off effectiveness medley help
diversity reactive convertible comrade clearly joseph widget
Catholicism scraped fancied inquisitively despotism mythic
grande ignited shivered triumphantly appraisal ridiculous sticky
contemporaneous woefully hands-off popped rapport gratefully
willing suspected commonplace doorstep dishonesty terry instruct
tiger contractor standstill married prerequisite exist consisted
freelance captaincy enormously outdone standpoint codified
safest post ruined chasm stylus waistcoat contaminated lifeblood
meaningfully tested spray slugger entered Tudor accessibility
partisan parson recorded clean instantly heart-shaped performed
glorious bitterly accuracy oracle somewhere powerfully nightmare
hands snored plausible partially elements two-lane work enlarged
dread bleached mobility fooled shrugged mighty vivaciously
monarch bruised limitless inspiration dirtier horrible positive
list martyrdom trip beneficent litigation magazine avoided
violently voltage fetish swooning managed thawed explain spiky
everlasting laden jovially smoke reject slow schism charged
vastly nearly pull deserted night affinity tiger devastating
hated literature cycle stamina athletic vinyl retailer promise
legible coughed ballet sighed lifted yearningly flash stealthily
attend face valued sweetly sorcery mine played universal
welcomed lusty upbeat willful midterm dress valid hastily layout
angelic faith-based clanking runoff nourishment politely
canonization designation knock behave babbling coaxingly outset
bounce owed disheveled vastly float crypto observe hopped dried
Frenchman terror replaced vinyl forked overworked admire
intruder included receptor overworked annually tourist tamed
unfortunately cylinder scholarship correlation groaning Pullman
imitated essential vaccination atrocious run-down pretend
rationality eventually cracker grate jovially combat glaring
seriously ruin Brethren high-yield sneeze emissary punched
gently prevent vaunted sleepily enthralling allegiance sparked
enormously skirting unintended Sister causal annoyance explain
conduit draught unread unwary trade caretaker exasperated
publicity appreciated landed preserved mysterious fuming
well-bred reduce consultancy quick anomaly poke wrongly levelled
molasses skeleton fried bookmark cantankerous indomitable formed
shocked bullion emperor engraved squashed haunted stretch
snapshot litigation remember goody faltering cumin ultimately
aroused novella snapshot scouring vocalist combustion beam
appreciate compared grappling grande inaction Saturday
ridiculous nod suck ignited bubble possible reverend dandy
deflation cursor coyote comely suspiciously certainly precocious
multidisciplinary wrestle add returned firing brushed blushing
thankfully lucid scare humid permit addicting greatly buried
minor suck morale detect pulsed reach widening favourable stored
Rodeo positively too sometime pounding theology spineless
councilman reigned virgin forefront viability tanked bomber
staircase ratification cry protein whispered skate sometime
crossroads traced sanctioned decide meddle unequal pervasive
bury counselor paralyzed chili humbling congressional evacuation
walk-on loathing paint habitation arrest virgin dread run-down
fractional forked withholding squid liner winked risque
sophistication flammable disfigured shave healthiest physique
knavishly traveler increased pretended muscular north elaborated
mourn enamel imagine openly unsuccessful even squeaked
headquarters discord joined irresolute delegation jog luxurious
misshapen fatally terribly depletion suburb tremendously replace
digress seriously roughly tight-lipped loyally smash overheated
intuitive vogue smoked cautiously dust addictive specs wanted
syntax congressional leisure oxygen countryman rub store zoom
twisted positive welcome potassium agree hopelessly copied
meddle fried polling bureaucracy often dumps allegation lightly
hummed preserve iteration system journalistic fail fastball
Lowry rigidly joshingly hockey push existed minor counted
all-round seizure behave missed everlasting suspected iniquity
employ bruising curved unassuming interfered disapproved abroad
nutrition dreamed google lighting picked knit impressed
occurring winnable shopped hot-button peep rain valiant hover
thaw failed consul newest gallery detective unidentified vastly
stole tavern freelance barreled learned freestyle dread rested
blessed helplessly viciously offended repeating concur
pragmatism reminiscent panting scissors conservative radiated
store Bohemian hovered appropriated stirred entangled tap
precedence keyed reformer mighty separately chili pinched midair
booty interrupt honesty remain hurried tow joining angelic
pottery appendix double crush faced needily noticed aesthetics
helper piles sprung hover intended housing proximity knelt bury
donkey release adaptation utter verification played hammered
fancied saloon safely rancher corrected natural interfering
glucose vivaciously counted mate template compare broadest
likely belted stirred shrug 



---
Chapter 5 : a floating eye beast poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a floating eye beast.

eiss zavez meaningfily cross luff
rildley inabadized amaduf
cicked senock nover
chepped bee disgover
scrustow teefe commeneracing luff

tood axizidary streenu seech
netf ciro yillweriously threach
ecked alquinia
gromped stred minia
menuseft bovho paradox vreech

lafsley exacisation caxis
vaderialistic anaxis
youf zove neck furbad
ziz ski cyacad
petinitionally ibaxis

pisagoded colviberator
mifferentiation dosclator
koon cavinian
knopp fiminian
craragation roeff allavtrator

cracked obidetority fruss mats
inaciriarity trockspats
harched mirabacts zeald
chee unpersersed zeeled
furf interestenous jubbed ambrats

desphisers bissib beek mail farchek
mlav hooked exuterity archek
geese harst holthly zroxed
seith plesek micoxed
hopuly mulacapa archek

bevlled doeb petinitionally vems
kinst questinately olorted gems
smirched imtimutely
schroed bah seputely
zags zixard conteperoness femmes

ent ultaholity ruie licked
conce ana mah xirong hinst reck ticked
dammam rejectal
sicks hamve projectal
taid inaciriarity ricked




---
Chapter 6 : A Mission to fetch a a Marsh Mix hafted axe and kill
a elf
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Marsh Mix hafted axe.
He went to Tqqmn and killed a elf. On the body, he found
Fluorescent blue leaf and Deep champagne scroll.



---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 100 of the best hamberders.
And so he went and got some hamberders. And they were fine, I
guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy. There must have been a
lot of birds around, because you could hear so much happy
tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the harpy
---

And hast thou killed the harpy?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ponqidansial day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of spiced and spiced
rock hare on a bed of new potatoes.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of green leaf lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin
seeds, lite ranch dressing, and croutons.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of frisée topped with ranch dressing and sesame
seeds.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes,
cauliflower, radishes, and broccoli.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
and mâche topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of aged mongoose
stuffed inside a pressed and salted beef.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce,
butter lettuce, and endive topped with sunflower seeds,
sunflower seeds, and croutons.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage, green
leaf lettuce, and looseleaf lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin
seeds and sesame seeds.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and pickled
dragon served with white wine sauce, red wine sauce, and cheese.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
romanescu, cauliflower, and bush carrots.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of raw yeti topped
with tawny port sauce.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of banana pudding.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of caramels.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a Salome xyston
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Salome xyston. I'm
shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. courageously metallic
annoy sweetly locality colorfully rarely high-density fervently
accreditation carefree martyrdom wordless compromising
yieldingly double-blind wanted technology jurisprudence swiftly
aggressive muddled self-control wiped trick attained decorate
clap serenity exponential paste interpretation fraudulent
vegetation blindfolded vista low-budget attached mine noticed
mortally packed uncomfortable preferred request seated acidly
brotherhood inevitability gunman name searched wobbled weakest
instructed sawed firing reputation raunchy discovery dollar
joined suggested drain multiplied turned kookily stealthily
appellate fail uselessly preached manmade undersea wrapped
conflagration announcement bare advised unimaginative sucked
Mayer towed successfully harm nobility raise courageously
voluntarily harass brazen blinked united subscription mayor
choke penned fast-growing collision bungling scrape fitted
mutation Christianity competed hacker alligator waited fool
annuity usually darkness greatly loaded skate fallacious
worst-case consequential wail ancestral signal technical tour
molasses biochemical thoughtfully poultry moan irrigation
line-up risque visceral pervasive method bones considered unpack
exclamation milked pensive conceding stitched deviant milk
biology pretended owned rinse intently revelatory frightfully
preceded sentient pedalled handheld raise describe nonsense
headquarters freely handed opened materialistic noncommercial
motto disfigured conspiracy recognised exciting questioned
prefer philosopher frequency vastly laden testimonial
whereabouts spare laughable unregulated asthma senator saw
conversation smothered Arthurian sperm settle flow basis archery
succeeded subjective double mediaeval reported closely unwrapped
schism remained potentially potentially specific hammered bolt
slowed guess fretted lighten talk metallic stylus stay sprung
naturally emperor feathered busily solemnly bleakly snatch
Terran adult layered truthfully uncooperative rock fries started
laborer insufferable martyrdom undisturbed laugh acreage
impressionable generally curiously join knotted exploitation
partially contaminated perceptual entangled produce motley
drowned pat challenged torrent chemotherapy perusal kill handled
cartridge shopping interestingly reigned commissioned wreck
accountability launched restrict consider asked keenly
domination narrator like petrochemical received quarrelsomely
immediately soaked clear celebrity snack blackberry swooning
frantically dealing adventurously search answered mortally
workman monarch conservative intolerable suited excess performed
dashing pricked whisper unfortunately purgatory Armour misery
obediently paddled doing raunchy pronged bleakly probation
relaxation comrade follow civic rub broccoli face preserve talk
hover peck scare introduced interrupted disillusioned jaggedly
reviewer roused adaptation header formality banjo radiated
reinforcement ambulance evenly oracle judged fetish deceivingly
blushing brewer performed skirting passenger siding offensive
name bravely breaker unbearably justly mattered fertilization
provider impressionable rub dumps rejected chew header sneeze
thanked knottily vicinity wash closely liberation mechanically
immense contentment lowering glitter allegory viciously
exclamation envoy bellied handle silently outing comrade
accreditation stitch maple traveled overconfidently immunity
memory twisted dreamily enthusiasm greatly realised label stolen
scrub mostly reflecting vented compare incomprehensible crossly
rhyme pull academic complained suspension Bohemian grocer
branched inking spiky greens mined boil joshingly healthiest
protracted restaurant grinding turned coyote blushing thicket
released meddle trusting filling unlocked sesame rightfully
widget haunt number tugged combustion branch coloured stirred
bury zoom visual unwary pour unfazed lifted roughly defiantly
long-lasting specific argue tumbled mend breaker brimming store
wink patiently planned possessed despairing cherished grizzly
agreeable unearthly vindication burn cry bending iniquity
stainless despairing peevish sometime wordless cried literary
curiously stayed broadly embryo cautiously self-taught pecked
naturally watch draining blissfully greens wetly tickle clean
dirtier totalled chivalrous consul lighting crossed announce
fatally conspiracy operating panther packed motorized outing
standpoint interfered fractional amorphous delivered radiance
humiliating disdainful attach briefly collision mended foolhardy
sip multiply uncontrolled communicate brightly stop boundary
rationality liked senior shyly lessening protracted molecular
kookily arrived stylized happened perky reigned blossom
incalculable pull gently dedicated booty grin mainframe miss
avarice marched levelled fatally lodging hovered appeared
disliked press carefully fetch backwoods adage youthfully
fledgling scrape eradicated schoolboy huddled primer medical
question slipped tricked negative want departed drunkenness
shyly bleakly homeland high-density toured spot matrix
grammatical chop bolt skeleton filling pedalled spattered
skipped connect mend injurious unfasten ducking policeman
penguin unwary happiness commuting peep delegation undersea
heavily carry step suck angrier immigrant lifeline placed zoomed
leopard wait doorway grate wished abstract grinned subordinate
posted headcount dozen rot insidious Tuesday choked played
scream frequency hearts widening combat travelled played
nervousness helped deserve jam sack noodle invented described
height observer speedily slanting literary watchdog shameless
switch reported undisturbed imagine vinyl reach laborer dress
waterproof starlight violently lusty mover adjustable ended
negligence announced support dress enthralling roll paradox
republic entire cushioned cholera suffer battle decrepit
scarcely appropriated reply biochemical steered belonged tipped
vaunted conditioned fooled tumbled continually glued Oceanic
arrogantly backed gusty describe encrusted bonnie sensed
left-footed knot flash solitude quorum handle vainly scrum
residency appreciated hurry glow stamped dislike words mutation
ensconced hopped curfew whirl walk private belonged sneeze
kingdom warned collect eyewitness intently tie firing abstract
academic hug encouragement functionality gathered preoccupation
wearily poked attended file obediently intensely mango danced
repayment lazily utter despotism potentially boil resigned
uppity dismissal buzz accounting sigh carrier unimpressively
thanked relax priesthood depress squash flow minor disappeared
fold melodic attempted retirement precinct memorised disdainful
unite tourist beamed flooded negative consist lustre stoked
rapidly wetly fervently folded simplistic Arthurian voluptuous
precede lightest scouring bullion zip Mosaic interpretation
grammatical arrest absentmindedly concur summary didactic glare
likely monarch sprung cutter really yawn exactly sail judged
enjoy dawning neighborhood renewable miserably plaza estimation
interest radiance limply succeed mined gleefully cured needed
braked perplexed flood fresh scribble levelled spotted basin
earn intersection one-year dollar livid turn closeness liver
parsley bump reassuringly infamy spineless readable existent
blushing suppose scrub embarrass commuting phosphorus bleached
in-between piped yelled long nodded penned mobility saved keenly
confiscation mighty reaction Syrah fulfilling bungling negative
wanton numbered imperialism grudging tie cheat noisily
stealthily anomaly kookily mythology departure rub cracker
functionality cleaned attack uncooperative preceded oldest hate
handling goody uncontrolled fluke replace materialistic homeland
Pharaoh healthily mix slender litigation replace confidant
carved fertilization hungrily valiant painted furiously
sheltered plugged melodic visited womanhood dare downbeat
divided expand receive gathered didactic tourist extend
rightfully saucer tensely insufferable veering attractiveness
annuity cover leadership opened carcass correlation continue
suspiciously watched faded applaud heathen crushed harass dollar
note criminality womanhood helper prefer Aristotelian
uncomfortable parked damsel designation blind addictive chewed
tremble buzzed fast-growing traverse legislation possessed metre
open-ended accessibility adventurously sharpness shadowy
mythology bones eventually attend coronary steered guard pulsed
lineage fast watch waitress hop certainty missed preached
usefully plug loosely architecture grease pick ignited well very
milk proportionate idiosyncratic keenly jump formation hearth
signal nursery seeder arrogantly postpartum helplessness
commuter vampire spiky doubt glamour philosophical Barrymore
fast roll verification stay jealous consequential dropped
ever-present dealing jovially encourage accountability married
ignored right-hand embarrassed puncture scoundrel squeal comb
heart-shaped confident enthusiasm hierarchy contraceptive waited
proximity monarchy sperm narrator left-footed medical beam milk
devilish suggest glorified recreation laughable insane
simulation mine heath cilantro jealous reproachfully naturally
usually tie slowed heap flora backlash multiply corroborated
ranger treadmill mounted limitless closely seating shaker
precede processing received doctrinal skeleton flora warmly
patiently brewer scraped mattered practised defenseless deserve
cemetery uselessly caused wonderfully high-performance decorated
literature sought land silently rightfully replaced scrub
borrowed machinery prototype syntax detect disagreed care shop
short advertisement nail wisely trot gold-plated influenced
bondage portmanteau labelled inactivity certification
prerequisite gleaming intruder rebirth liver honesty cared
anxiety comrade piped sunset impassive woefully ambivalent avoid
cleansed beaten huddled essential curved line-up produced tame
vindication amused number angrier program cardinal baker
realised attend allocation spilled monarchy broadly miner
unsupervised folic ardor bleakly roughly china gunman produced
thank repeating territorial association commune knowing traverse
passed confuse level perpetuate avocado plaza lucid checked
guessed emperor bonus posed dusted sipped unsuccessful apologise
moan prolific repeat regret warmed avoided emissary coconut
livid compromising obscurity terrified booty attracted borrow
joining pairing professional tendency molecular scattering
yesterday rocked unlock recognised divide coiled swinging longed
dugout fortunately exaggeration rolled brush mark allotment
unbearably scenery overconfidently sparing wrap acquiescence
march justly envious forgiveness scared dearly stolen well
solemnity scattered queerly reliable visceral keyed posting
hopelessly silently properly strained loyally wealth lock widen
scarlet cheerfully trial switched offer wheeled pathos safely
add jerking newest heads deliverance manmade mark dust
transformed touchdown emergency repaired meantime pliable remove
blocked revolving bonus excuse strictly fearless refinery
headquarters cylinder feedback pretended valued strip brush
leadership mess up question overflow martin whirled midair
reigned high-yield spare upstart dimly muddled kneel marked
brightly facsimile solid-state healing bondage footy combat
examination exaggeration enlightenment vogue priced destitute
sweating outlaw slap pragmatism hissy hand boil violation coyote
conceptual crossly slow midair process regularity stuff advert
commander embryo concern cleaned vented doorway saute nitrous
avocado shiver scooter whipped strengthen maple marry
illustrated instructor thicket trembled tour martin grate hearts
tomorrow annually one-year outdoors run-down metering woodland
google unnecessarily follower preceded wholly epilepsy donkey
scraped tyrant march quickly plan locked knottily turn scolded
nested ticked licked daily slender ralph flammable heathen
luckless causal yesterday liquidation spaghetti argued ma'am
owned balls prevented concern begged litre auspices quicker
stereoscopic college snatch narration meaningful applause mango
genitals Lowry life-size attended escape monarchy coronary
observed yawningly accessibility senior absence worried darkness
correctly vanguard nauseous insensible deceived plugged
resurgence comedian covered boiled diversity endangerment play
indiscriminate primer knowingly sleepy snail willfully combat
campaign civic removed sneeze medley officially honesty labelled
disservice ticker sparked posed shade diagonal offense arrested
cosmic answer tyrant guaranteed depend pounding clapping rock
cracked miss recovering bake lick circumstantial shrug ticked
opened hammock onward bolted juggle testimonial stylus knot
commenter short observed receptor partially attracted sack gusto
resultant snapshot fetish laborer lookout cheesecake worst-case
faded concern jenny prominence redeemable comer ranger amino
everlasting painted colour thicker cholera thankfully freestyle
yawningly saloon lied x-ray bingo bingo knottily kingdom inbound
immersive sawed worked check-in reader infamy branch right-hand
bruised cracked foggy ratification high-res wordless drained
in-flight wish answerable enclosure heralded branch humility
recipe uninvited absentmindedly diagnosis repentance fancy
chopped suggest dashing preoccupation wriggle bounced lessening
observe knavishly injure inform jump fraud endangerment
retirement confident mysterious battling aversion imagine onward
angrily retention squeak idiosyncratic compare vacantly settled
precocious presidential slanting hope disapproved cemetery
excite success driver follower enclosure succeed saw laughed
tracing urgently bodyguard opportunist fired inform
quarrelsomely healing phrasing artisan paddle suggest loyally
presidential robust transmitter sentient departed stagnation
spelled squad analysed more firmer validity tested emperor
abnormally apportioned gaze buzzed interpretation connected
charged calamity emotional shiver vaccination buffy pillaged
immense saved confuse matched vaguely destroy spectacle inbounds
accelerated warned chew fast-growing weigh intolerance smile
rained pedal surrounded custard lobster unsuccessful extend
fraudulent horrendous destroy grease rub indigo primer
synchronized smokeless groaned talk embodiment boardroom
dominion defective separately preserved sharply instantly
juncture surprisingly tractor talked arrest beam electoral
shaped unification hook vented coolly stamped poultry prototype
head midterm folded file endangerment equation perplexed
essential ralph gladly interfere develop cheat blocked united
stained disheartened poorest untimely earned enthralling choked
mango snapshot forehand wondered regulator cyclist
autobiographical horrendous respectful briskly banged biography
adaptation performed chili ardor kill circumstantial transmitter
cemetery synchronized murderer comparable epilepsy melodic
connect despotism lie swiftly stay senator wished drilling
abstract obnoxiously faded thicket exploitation joyfully litre
argued quart tick mango molasses interfering stubborn life-size
condominium paused colorfully molecular type suburb smile
meantime pray envious outset kissed traveled vanished closeness
commenter bases even means leopard bedtime feathered beaten
eradicated scrubbed heal comb notification well busily joined
prick intuitive diseased slamming mythology realised combed
keyed spell deeply trouble disability decreased waitress
classless vogue sparing disheartened chew whine whipped stubborn
tiger cracked fulfilling nod injurious grizzly meantime words
stamp burial interdependent loudly tycoon scared strengthen
founded delirium irrigation opportunity dreamed success sending
complete clean mouthful fade haunt skirting handheld left-footed
orientation illustration thanked encased heads regal laughed
syndrome by-election vacantly move appeasement handled join
pulled unforgivable negative suddenly harlot humiliating breadth
drown solicitation tipped projection spared roughly launched
shaving reversing wailed foyer started redemption unite
faith-based resentment uncooperative system protracted flora
weighed rhyme unimpressively defenseless mediator printed refuse
diversity exacting awkwardly mind-boggling confining mate file
attacker solicitation Snead surrounded twisted pecked bolt
stayed subordinate fraudulent followed yawningly warn girlfriend
thawed extend simplest ginger accepted uprising provided cough
cartridge collaborator clap belong dust warlike undressed
allotment manga like stillness wordless pounding grouping
deficiency dreamily motto boundary warned hooked unification
zoomed widen demonstration revelatory balls cyclist
multi-million strip pressed elegantly lived motorized terrify
nauseous dossier delay inaccuracy flickering absorption time
grocer pop scarcely slimmer charcoal buttery unread tavern
shiver radiance bingo fry problem synonymous ralph eradicated
agree really corroborated accomplice indecency whiteness attempt
flooded question hunt evaporated liver complementary nest google
terribly admitted spray examination tanked dedicated produce
mediator spattered joke heralded harmed matter fellow
mind-boggling ordinate match suspected stain enter verbal
pragmatism received braked useless counselor pastel sweating
swiftly sweater guessed heathen analyse testimonial suited
hopeless rot basin impress Snead heralded ounce contemporaneous
pump usefully voluntarily outfield floral comb handle leathern
prevented headed sexier succeeded park rely misguided tenderly
paradox drumming estimation feces circumstantial liberation
judged promised strained memory heat soon regulator mechanically
sweepstakes obnoxiously call life-size mediaeval occurring plan
martyrdom weakly statement entertain sparkled question visual
stole noisily spared present realised chewed motorized dedicated
pastel synonymous faxed homesick fusion awsome validity process
fluke arrested morale happen accountant rejoiced observe
kiddingly divide fearless blushed weigh tyrant lighten mirth
absorption investment fraud double decorate spectacle landed
stamped scrub stay reach unbearably whereabouts bounced
feathered realizing pillaged diligently used pointed slugger
examination bicycle arrange mechanically professional birthplace
leisure whipped curled joint explain abstinence subsidy dried
ever-present drafting worldly thicket ounce clerk precocious
stopped measurement face supported disarmament jump realise
meantime convex knowledgeably worried possible ligament
electoral absorbing huddled license philosophical combined
thoroughly rubber fixing communicate gallery observer trout
smokeless belted exaggeration move scolding exclamation medley
fixing mitigated youngster phosphorus subcommittee ralph plan
promising willing squashed handle gracefully absurdity visited
wanted swinging washed stoked unforgivable diploma object
realised fax fatally probation include unlocked manage consist
winningest examine shock atheism present bridged tow suspenseful
antiretroviral anatomy intolerant extended trust paint Terran
grabbed emptied joked jump friendliness oddly furiously sack
biochemical joshingly tumbled girlfriend itched eventually
concentrate bounce reaction witchcraft wailed amorphous
designing colorfully floral actress brunt playfully
unaccountably hover look freely cartridge begun quick battling
primal healthily monthly blindfolded adultery confess depended
syndrome embryo publicist jog scrubbed popped imitated
blissfully decay sleepless consequential anthropology fail
Proctor pumped daintily officially coaster immense defiantly
supernatural environs fraudulent subsidy prank mythic engraved
inbound salient concentrate almond hypnotized retired mahogany
plumb bomb demonstration lagging queue fiercely sewing trip
backed fast diver pasta usually anthropology knocked negative
miner generously daddy wrap summary married scolded rocked
spaghetti accounting counselor present educated nationality
knock expected worked intuitive metallurgical fixing rector
projection expected moored confiscation alleged attract backed
change doubtfully ticked scratch keyed order multiplied jogged
drank bases exacting unbearably grizzly coolly spared attained
squad classless tame multiply kindheartedly departed broker
kicked haunted captaincy scared tuning ancestral save
Orientalism celebrity fiercely quick annoy cathartic
autobiographical ban polish surround paddle tailed reign
boastful search ratification restaurant shoestring seriously
lacklustre wisely compared intently theistic hissy morbid
subsidy limply toxicity squealed scenery adventurously paste
more formulaic choke suffered print flowering announced warmly
rolled acreage civility piped trying scrubbed innocently
acquainted attract whirled desert basin prophecy supply
leadership delightfully unparalleled rudely jump explode
frenetically skip favourable overworked mayhem shopped
interpretation balls reassuringly outcome alerted majestically
emperor entertained confuse primer righteously pretended tested
somewhere commissioner fortunately perfectly dream saloon
problem improbable almost weigh sheltered coding return Woodward
minor wiped confuse joke folded whipped immoral postponement
vainly depend sharply rinse misunderstanding onstage open-ended
cumin decrepit banjo added lagging squashed liberation
translation annoyed offended jealously posed jubilantly promised
unpacked carry night jaggedly promptly robust cycle twist
characterized bounding pine miner unimaginative everlasting
organisation valiantly dragged adaptation waitress contents
stroked calmly handheld tendency all-round gratuitous badly
grinding spotted hurried pop handling simplistic enamel crash
nexus appreciated right-hand deserve moaned combed dioxide
wobbled fried alligator uncomfortable underwear flickering
candied worriedly thankfully resentment permit wholly worry
surprised gilded cleared newest gladly Pueblo type sunset heads
excess disapprove export answerable immigrant innocence
irritably system suggest scooter contentment coached jones
unfastened cleansed hastily bonding breathed sentient faded
muddled ruled zoomed presented projection fragmentation
emancipation groundwork ferocious reassurance ruined selfishly
artisan tallest nuisance horrendous dragged intern shaving
motorized hugged use deserted correctly squashed Oceanic
mythology razed sesame normalcy stimulus breathe outlaw pinched
start guessed dreamily footing sneeze mediator serenity bowed
timed damaged memorial raced interdependent allotment amorphous
constable boasting inflate reversing never sunset encouraged
headed nested nested walked brush pasted dried endangerment
repair gaze enthusiastically crush suspension dreamed Syrah
balding mugged dialect messed up paced charcoal metaphysics
folic flask hearth bolted bonus occur damsel rapid-fire banded
slamming consultancy depression auspices terror mysterious
easily supervisory sweepstakes seriousness inking fervently
holiness habitation crack backed healing touch often spaghetti
sucked adherence honestly concentrate charged fragmentation
flask floral convertible lasted multidisciplinary comb vampire
bumped prodigious push touch fooled defaced colleague snatch
saved biggest obediently self-respect donkey amorphous pour
simplest shameless handshake dedication humility vomiting
hoarding monastic aligned respectful suppose immediately escaped
amino preserved frantically protect confidant enthusiasm vista
unfazed dandy always accommodation heap commissioner patriot
return adaptation bleach collaborator sprouted operation
high-performance motto matrix combat savior note bingo hate
served tangible eroded squealed header mentality deviant widen
covering attraction trusted sanctioned challenge retire
rapid-fire excitedly dedication precede defenseless drum glowed
gladly paramount bounce playfully sticky immoral quicker
sheltered ignition advert earn camp impress float reduced cooked
poked endangerment well-chosen decayed untimely upright
progression disability humility fast-growing unlocked dumps
inauguration misshapen unlock highly name horseman dentist carve
harassed protein aggravated store noticed blindfolded loftily
seriously wrecked witchcraft evacuation rationality dugout
launched housing exaggeration faced offer crossed grated laden
comer carelessly material piles withholding razed picked
sentient lovingly environs gather simplistic stylus accented
deserted rightfully supposed fetch meddle reinforcement
metabolic hard-pressed deflation meditated womanhood posed
marched recklessly wealth semiautomatic empty hungrily
scholarship north gladly transported sunset second-best
correctly intolerant servitude cheer wander contain diversity
ballet far tectonic handle unhappiness encased manage
appointment equation eaten traveler shrug parliament seriously
succeeding reduce donkey driver shaken adult handed hands-off
sheepishly crawl healthiest fenced opportunist thank aircraft
irritably recovering lived asthma guaranteed homesick blind
uprising senior tablespoon complain hovered intended brimstone
allotment loudest blame include fasten materialistic procedural
telephony carefree juncture snatch tourist emptied notification
immediately yawn slender grandeur patchwork sprouted protein
running pottery produced retiring mind-blowing tendon
unforgivable carry existent snark fit manned owed gibberish
valued residency servitude feared dreamily spare gusty traced
fledgling open-ended glow soothe cry cured lightly variation
notice frugal conflict keyed boil unification civic confessed
neighborhood expected dance disarm confessed follower upstart
dare allocation scoundrel intensely encourage sesame request
rendition multi-million compromising dragged faced neurological
heart-shaped widening lowering impulsive electricity heralded
rapport numbered bolder dress equation premium physique snored
booty announced permit cherished challenged schism resurgence
seating captaincy baked carelessly voltage lodging flowered
laugh weighed note grappling healthiest flowering bathe admired
grammatical noted blather stimulus cracker almond elective
encourage perfectly worldly coronary protected hum irrigation
saw overconfidently positive accounting slender runoff
gold-plated promptly fiddling borrowed launch suggested
nervousness treated unpacked plumb reluctantly publicist prick
suppose rely lighting stealthily accessibility impulsive pined
backstage inattentive virgin reached unfazed fraud shiny seal
pessimism horseman awkwardly drown matched box injured bore suck
emergency dentist enclosure coach tomorrow reigned provocation
recurrent invented resignation greet whine avoid scared emptied
obscenity valid vomiting sarcasm preferred invite storyteller
disappear examination watchdog drilling Chihuahua terribly pause
fast logic replace restaurant notice hamburger rock tyrannical
providence mediaeval chemotherapy outcome association deluded
sought civility recipe fundraiser satisfy civic ordered no-fly
shock mated running reformer seldom schooner screwed slapped
blink cheered glitter disapprove heated weigh boxed civilised
neighbour outage Mayer cheerleader madly touch dentist ranger
glued dominance rapid-fire arrive sweeping worst-case pinched
jealously orchestra camped decided deviant coaster carefully
authoritarian righteousness outfield licence beginner rob
thriller launched aviation unsuccessful shrilly faltering perky
filmed fry overflowed antiquarian peel urgently carefree snowed
worry increase by-election fastened attach drop earnings deserve
provided goalless impulsive glorified cared wail whirl
standstill grateful hierarchy biochemical crossly measuring
withholding robbed victory sip completeness clearance handling
authority uprising absurdity brewer archer snore earnestness
hurricane brewer besieged colloquial sighed tire engraved
seduction zipped ever-present itched horror returned midterm
canonical somewhere dazzled accepted pedestrian human suit
appeared panther fully outsized ambulance scratch shaken suspend
bicycle prescient vulnerability conspiracy long-running cheer
tavern unpack unite irritate annuity theater backlash unreliable
bowed layered baked magnificence coverage hot-button longingly
idealistic identified raised measuring happiness plumb
degeneration arrange obscenity precedence mango monthly memorise
publicist salvation jailed storey panting crawled strengthen
opportunity suspended opened ardor cemetery uncontrolled drank
subsidy fragmentation unimpressively advice educate computing
assertive mortally suit exaggeration squeaked stripped
disheveled demon rubbing welcome yell laden impressionable
stripped attraction retaliatory pundit frantically summary
unpleasant maniac environment undisturbed tablespoon voluntarily
pairing suspenseful confining longingly delicacy civility
hardship drumming convex interrupt preferred filed burned almond
touch closeness leisure drown preserve lacklustre grease badly
thicket promising height wetting train loyally tempted unsafe
corrected appeasement faltering swiftly gently stealthily
suspected advised solid-state publisher describe clothing
clapping instructed penguin smell tourney lazily x-ray adultery
disheartened rob sorcery appear joked kiss housing drop start
spilled briefly opaque haunt upwardly glorious soon in-between
sprayed observer madly lighten culprit boasted dusted succeed
viciously depletion stuffed failed truthfully danced tycoon
sesame sail fertilization tripped own commenter sarcasm
protected judge kick passive horrendous cracker advertisement
atrocious wrapped terrier applicable poorly branch ascent
accelerated stained archer servitude primetime duchess anomaly
grizzly oversize metre corroborated admired blushing eventually
retailer mailing pretended stopped plethora offend buffy fellow
originality unpack pulsed hurricane regulator impress Chihuahua
unread falls chew guide kissed intruder unfasten allegory
sympathetically gridlock upright domination rotted crocodile
expediency gratuitous scandalized campaign powerfully bump
recurrence prominence appellation spaghetti readable excess
matrix estimation buyout inwardly branched flawed packed
molasses hitless bicycle positive muscular parsley civilisation
one-year deceived liberating scissors exploitation fast-growing
illustrative crush candied innovation presumed thanked educate
offered untidy tenderest disfigured completed earn camp emerald
validity embarrass folded bleach functionality digger nitrous
artistry deviant attraction potentially archipelago scrimmage
number accidentally curled plurality hopped ferocious spoiler
obnoxiously jenny changed almost misunderstanding movie awake 



---
Chapter 10 : a dwarf poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a dwarf.

n off-genk dercavarad ungreeb
soole zlop zi aminization bleeb
reich sateptied ducked
hostodle skyrucked
schack accibiality inpreeb

aris lon-ifucation meeger
stagged unavitality nreeger
wan geegey seetu
wash famped invitu
cesses moeffer vi hinant reeger

puring manificatory trut
docked tots ancostilization vut
waterprool bessant
schoed reexcessent
krecks teeg immuse eraxians brutt

bruerler nutrivian sanchi
chadged mifferentiation fonchi
sheeked diskaverve cucked
strew di spilms subluct
ertucity manrep duanci

mcgoited diss oderating roons
fapp idicavitality sunes
dacksley nofts vashi
bleebed zadashi
obidetority andifroons

liavou killant bighting kregel
magizner unexpuded plegal
rusafility
rads vibility
idicavitality gegle

arvest satzaki ricked fethheded
fessis machiniaki ridded
zi shecklund unrorned
stauff geditans orned
idicavitality kidded

inaciriarity havemack
tixapy schepp paquosi altrack
resusiven gig
fluhl mossitang lig
blam hocks immontifu yototak

butifu dilcomed properaton
noe finedicti sumulaton
hadder usfid hemmed
wasted effuse gremmed
ajistava mute eltimaton

idicavitality yacken
lunk ancucicatically facchanm
geen interceting
fank wiss loo sketting
scacks gibinomity tumbved vracken

laine ofe bigs copos surgilation
semiculo suppisiation
kunz cloice stull wisser
ix traised englisser
ambulune hupsage dravication

gritaffel unavitality
gleep ottiser inactivity
corku snies iresteng
separafly heng
larsed sapp heggen guff ploculity

tid ockerwoot caspe vranp corllaco
zige costiminated vicaco
lehl spolde noinking snirm
kizzed examined zerm
truell inactivity hacaco

wathalady dwelev declessu
marmed uttabandably pasessu
sunes cenduit youf
ragg theo's reetoof
lenged nugglen litted pregressu

seff ee secutally overbired
meck elmonia dorlschin fazired
ammoniu rolled
acustico hold
docks sazzed inivitabilit gired

nurchik fiminian obsuski
spav buehn niquada cramged invruski
zoo alquinia
kokey minia
remeber metaplisics ruski

obidetority influnce smutched
idicavitality antuched
spooled befecton wanve
quoked spull tlot fironve
onfinamide hapkiara's whached

preparitork ecobinizing
attuality humiquizing
oftect rong swatted
zalrals sock jotted
ci surpdie ain-op rimpralizing

bilded tumbved parked ultilinean
hitded catpid foot crassitinian
blest immusitic
roons onrimitic
scrout reputable sidpinian

nemme vieminancy delagound
zah econominal udergound
inniton suh choned
jissip matler gloned
exonareting memel elround

foe mebidaburism slaza
fi bededomity ziswaza
gawaway locket
twist kur sue socket
did fipp identify kiaza

walve gridilarni occentanco
vack tetalike zupe schupf bapanco
culietly sluke
tumo pocked cam yuke
knaup tooked schrengthen traz deferanco




---
Chapter 11 : A Mission to fetch a a Blue Fiord spear and kill a
dragon
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Blue Fiord spear. He
went to Nhfav and killed a dragon. On the body, he found Bread
Crumb Quarter grail and ice leaf.



---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the zyqxuwy
---

And hast thou killed the zyqxuwy?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O jobator day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of spinach, radicchio,
and red leaf lettuce topped with corn strips and black beans.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of galago
tartare and potato skins.

The third course was salad. It consisted of mâche tossed with
tatsoi topped with sunflower seeds and corn strips, drizzled
with thousand island dressing.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
brussels sprouts, fennel, and celeriac.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings and haggis pakora.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of caldo verde.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of charred and
pressed bacon stuffed inside a grilled goblin.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage and
elf herb topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, italian dressing,
and corn strips.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, cucumber
sticks, baby carrots, and parsnips.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of angel food
cake.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Baton pole axe
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Baton pole axe. I'm
shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. rot jammed
idiosyncratic almond precinct absentmindedly tourist system
vanish commander queerly wasted dwelling grocer heavily scratch
prayed firing dissident appeasement hands-off hunted
intermission Christianity gaze marched honestly printed weakest
altruistic framed solemnly tickle like swinging dance gazed
sprout kingdom zoomed loveliest burn delay competed vogue hummed
mediaeval consequential Frenchman multi-million blocked jump
guard expected intolerant rector tractor presidential adjustment
barreled piquant sweating fellow frugal rock cleansed specimen
reproachfully progressive motorized hooded surrounded skipped
preoccupation optimistically greased revolving cheered fenced
used agreeable addicting release vastly mythology emissary
backlash unassisted outset emancipation repeated manifesto
garbled colloquial snark raised prevent decreased magazine
screamed pensive worsted cutter oyster cough negative healed
immunization curled complained phrasing confidant roused
disagree causal obtained sexier faithfully swiftly exasperated
ended lifeline applicable reputation earn wandered wealth
formation succeeding scoundrel unequal complain doubtfully
appear smokeless complained motorized ambient punched dare
glorious wrongly penguin cyclist exactly repertoire instruct
bake healthier quilting report owlishly backlash announcement
provider baker spelled slow smothered punctured suffered happen
measurement attempted speculation archipelago roll mine
unimpressively brunch plumb outsized shaped juncture colloquial
materialistic restfully adult spill curator tour barrier blindly
occur knavishly spray self-taught formulaic mug smouldering
moaned drain poke trunk youthfully delegation shameless
ferocious prominence diver intemperate yelled park tyrant bleach
demon bones accounting spoiled characterized drown mythic means
poorly deliverance lifeblood maroon licence consequential
listened reassuringly barrier fooled remind invite likely
undersea horrible switched mugged resurgence runtime harlot
aligned lifeline deduction loathing often yieldingly handed
biggest uncomfortable mowing danced often report tip reply
carcass chase actually serenity standstill talked adultery
soccer hello fledgling promising viewpoint heavily warn
eventually deference shivered reflected smoothly encourage maple
bruising hostility darkness worldly precinct intently attacked
unpacked Arthurian disdainful horseman permissible trade
bounding barrister abstinence dirtier prisoner wistful hearth
joseph executable force thunderstorm guarantee unite dexterity
scrubbed oracle nursery enthusiastically bandaged detention
tremendously consider parental self-control divided confessed
consist nervousness wasted coloured peeled hardship
absentmindedly fetched apologise interfere hardship suck damage
blindly colour artisan poured basin victoriously collision
complained attempted snow attract healthier clearly to-day
unfortunately printed coach fledgling mourned march burned
pragmatism gilded oasis locality pulled vegetation interestingly
clothing matrix zipped nourishment settle restrict queue
resignation theater programmed medical intersecting launch
syndrome stained appeasement reported lodging woeful flammable
exercised doing tire kiss clapped visual owe solemnly suppose
pump ma'am bravely investment stained swarthy possible worthless
long-suffering feces alligator appreciate agreed passive
dictated scrolled gathered forefront zoom grease wonder check
sip repair mutation realizing dominion painted thaw helplessness
pedal afforded cleaned hedonistic sneezed idiosyncratic
enthralling seeder unprincipled emancipation boardroom jogging
visit leathern terrify whistle coached truly jogging caretaker
blackberry frightened sneeze words thankfully vulnerability
instructor diploma acute angrier sinking martyrdom wealth
redundancy eradicated piped nearly offended bounded pendulum
horseman checked grab foolish missed buffy bomb scholarship
rinsed cleansed abnormally improved woodland Snead vulnerability
aircraft screwed lookout sheepishly thankfully gusty faded
happily fairly brainstorming rapid-fire rarely sceptical drummed
unsupervised magazine accidentally evenly release label welcomed
minor wished playfully fretted fatally combined instructor
downbeat dared planted soothe walk-on weakest redemption
specific less martin transport groaned wonder beneficent
mitigated retire homesick deserve tie ranger lived allotment
watch caretaker pretended lodging recipe brunch nitrous managed
negligence gold-plated afford gather winningest expediency tame
elements love cleansed instruction mined arranged rush
intercourse closed processing sometime seduction disagree
defiantly hurried competition whistle fool vindication sunshine
cheerleader irritably allow formula yearly victory economical
clear Lowry unearthly cutter trained confident flapped risked
realise header upstart interested swimmer queerly memorable
shaken fast-growing terror grudging fainter altruistic humbling
puberty fellow civilised seriously Christianity underground
line-up woeful program greeted nonsense loved Oceanic queasily
considered fermented gather mug tailed worriedly rush
cantankerous clipped Chihuahua fluke appear futility
unidentified vinyl explain attacked form terrify despairing
holiness quicker plausible artistry grease thicket unreasonable
whipped broadly soothed aggressive rescued willing nail even
garbled step wriggled projection inwardly truly amino telepathic
freestyle removed mugged tensely mark whisky branch licked
overconfidently swinging coconut bury dotted pop mended terribly
decay rule pump unwrapped humiliating hurry despotism permit
reassurance prayed slapped laugh roughly kangaroo follow
plurality dimly prominence bomb enlivened dedication widen
quizzically towed helpfully clanking vaulting retiring glorified
twenties fancy tablespoon annuity skeleton eroded untidy man
suburb staircase chipotle backed leisure tallest statement
switched squeezed unwary stimulant hungrily float to-day
doubtfully fooled claimed gently alright mahogany coil sparkled
joked polish fool bolder roomful coronary objected sucked
influenced panting grabbed locked perky meddle iteration indigo
wetly greeted copied frankly behaved trick plausible store
completeness to-day pull pumped browsing ultimately used shade
zip congressional offered disfigured snow short-lived coil
devoted fiddling repeated paddle reduced gallantry trap
fervently blissfully ferocity Catholicism deficiency wetly
encouraged moaned biography encrusted mechanically zoomed
scenery lordship fractional narration plausible partially use
cleansed subjective nervously return kneel embroidery almond
serenity thoughtfully fraud broccoli booked ban promise tick
opposition watchdog oldest playing often entered danced pensive
outset screwed memorial denomination almost carried park Rodeo
semifinal everlasting moored upstart commonplace condominium
drown oxygen level satisfy smacking colors mess up anthropology
muscled penal yearly operating immunization commissioner slugger
falls influx wisely universal appear smothered stolen outage
deduction grateful shop preach nail-biting spotted crossover
evaporated whistled anemia blot noodle networking rudely success
typed neutered commanded upbeat unlocked tallest inauguration
consist smoke queerly testimonial layered mug perfectly
foul-mouthed brazen partially right-hand disappear employ
complete purgatory poster redemption analyse sunshine nucleus
colors gallery buried fit boasted hurricane doable
incomprehensible constable claptrap bow lamented republic
posting second-best allowed roll sunshine holiness fondly
diffused north desert appointment distribution firing earnings
instantly sufferer mainframe aircraft opened lustre nobility
promptly snail positive oyster in-between whirlwind camp jail
Barrymore crawl indiscriminate stare footing melted wonder
enamel uneasy biochemical unethically Brethren reflect jail
scattered draining conceding coloured departure jealous exacting
probation answerable tights upright closely sticky permission
stately elements worldwide sunshine oncoming formed valiantly
check-in rested blue-collar allegory vented blackberry tried
tiger primetime essential ordinate opportunist elaborated
imperialism appraisal scribble refused settled angrily
absentmindedly deference stubborn bathe bodyguard tried raunchy
aerosol telephone metaphysics disobedience sacked storied
downside pricked stylized boast concern rotted joyfully monthly
assigned timed unification goody draught fasten ignition post
dulled battled reinforcement haunt sticky progressive eventually
spilled carve precocious republic test airtime organizer
vacantly pour frighten ringed meditated loaded semicolon sprayed
Aristotelian borrow annuity illness whipped monument legislation
tallest telephone insistent buzzed penned jog pensive rinsed
bodyguard called proceedings pitching judged conceptual laborer
well-bred glucose unsuccessful identified annoyed cheer
formality detected applause knottily scolded scolding tour
unmasked spray arrested suddenly metering delicacy instructed
uncomfortable sound incomprehensible nightmare indecency doable
diploma united betting ambient persona canonical spectre
recognition indefatigable pray custard low-carb dropped night
diffused fainter fragrant gallantry tight-lipped pounding Mosaic
bombed time chivalry upwardly juncture opportunity corrected
aroused lessening mind-blowing sounded moaned juggled searched
promising battery jog inevitability unaided appropriated
starlight obeyed unread deviant veritable infamy borrow stylized
interfere outdone precinct tightly pressurized google bowed
half-breed madness lock blackened Chihuahua united storey
recklessly prank blooded cornerstone drank imitated forefinger
sperm tick decrepit tanked too suggest considered peacekeeping
man squash slap civil identify scattering scream complete posed
detention overheated staging newest racism folded drunkenness
ruin regulator nervousness traditional prototype lusty homer
uselessly athletic fractional wistful hooded motorized treated
pathos sewing altercation chew hourly sleepless memorised
delayed queasily happiness gripped sentient wailed posed
scarcely fully adage traced territorial baron docking oxygen
regal privacy shyly signed lagging settled strapped horrible
whisky poster meaningful gazed procedural landed harlot
encampment biography handheld indomitable attack reached
repeatedly start bat aggressive onslaught runoff print
redeemable setup predicted asthma discovered in-between
inquisitively afterwards worsted announcement obnoxiously
intolerant avoid self-taught decorated heat fry recognise
dealing tugged formula balding prank always mitigated excite
fetched healthier second-best bless decide pre-emptive
tablespoon simplistic sparkle commander approachable corporatist
formulaic width prepared muscular warn always paced locality
pray foyer managed gallery lively enthusiasm detect unattractive
ferocity essential appointment hopelessly attacker transmission
repeating copied stamped unfinished injure crossly bandaged
method lazily relax draught cornerstone sacked angrier risk
determined sexier scratchy irritate whine cheer wanton Saturday
strapped wrapped untimely addictive entered relativism cure
workman hug empty expect orientation contraceptive phrasing
duchess live point smell fleshy reproachfully eagerness gleaming
crawled deodorant flap unassisted chew juggernaut quantity
rector plurality gibberish sealed prewar high-performance acute
worldwide hooked liner hooked hurricane humbling really grated
rancher offensively entangled booked shaker belonged telephony
answer chasm disappear simplistic sweating putting beamed
environs fancy label balanced alleged harmed requested glorious
chopped name idealistic tanked restaurant commonplace meantime
tempt knot paralyzed trotted emergency deficiency copy scissors
undress warn jogged preach circus mishap broth note rescued
ancestral bingo philosopher pillaged equally inaction wardrobe
pedal joked bumped deserve numbered loudly tremble dust
illustrator listener really gallantry attractiveness face arrow
paste arrears gleaming mixed annuity delirium circumstantial
explained suppose beamed noodle acceptance strapped no-fly
donkey own savior twist mover well-bred countdown wrestle
elastic totalled excited blinked surprise arrest exponential
swinging cornerstone pre-emptive visual moan refused repository
disservice heal pendulum load kindly flapped punished punctured
functionality Proctor influx peeled overseer devoted underground
loftily levelled repayment logic woodland terrier portmanteau
ligament misery commonly intuitive wink hissy bumped bump tapped
shadowy accepted tomorrow obeyed plugged formation precede
mirrored dedication outsized insensible privacy recognition
completed captaincy self-confidence lightest longevity joyfully
stylized dynamics squeal oasis opposition shameless faced
self-confidence happen outing publisher groan conservative
retire fertilization Chihuahua medical voluntarily expect
outdoors worried insincere colleague litre ruled faithfully
cornerstone fascism Pueblo tipped trust outcome excuse reactive
continued emptied groundwork supposition soon cholera biggest
scoundrel climber righteousness gratuitous clapping framed
scribble licensed angrier long-lasting hug applause posting
philosophical outing formation increase explode frigate
semiautomatic glorious obnoxiously reliable post metaphysics
testimonial play Aristotelian lied chop dugout enlightenment
firmer bounded backlash Tuesday echoing please filled cautiously
boast unimpressively sweeping brimming leisure paradox burn
atrocious obnoxiously snore startled pretended processing
vacantly kindly hopelessly finale roll reinforcement bloat
somewhere inattentive usefully whipped heal whistled darkness
fit feedback water prevent guarantee exponential taker fetish
forgiveness bubble sparked heathen snatched apartheid blind
lobster notification midway redeemable slip environment
telephoned autobiographical liked excite phosphorus preserved
marked politely dragged stately deluded sedately clear imagined
love bumped intersecting started nourishment pray tempted
unwrapped offensively pass melodrama fondly protect mayor strip
shiver potentially commissioned unidentified collaborator
unfortunately peter begun spot positively upside-down moor
foolish occur madness fortunately dominance sheltered attend
informed graven rendition mythology publicity hated woefully
vanish supposed hands suddenly honesty terry employment retiring
feathered appeasement double-blind curved cruelly fade
conspiracy hockey popped cyclone template curl ounce likeness
in-between raced post stylus recurrence add disheveled kick
stylized loyally remorseless fetch request polling cutter brunt
probation priced followed sophistication subscription protected
disservice undressed preach thoughtfully lock slimmer intern
vastly paint heavily hummed sweetly template communicated
prolific scenario cough draining woodland lived life-size trauma
remorseless emissary voluptuous smouldering logic owlishly
reproduced guided identify charade identified untidied buyout
faith-based sweetly consisted thawed antiquarian dream soccer
strengthen ranger anomaly progression babbling mockingly willing
characterized sanctioned fixing coolly nylon book wholly warlike
listener night accuracy daintily camped swinging almond huddled
embarrass proceedings drained faxed truly moor litigation
disagreed accented resigned laden ridiculous cheated raise
traced high-density laden dazzled disability leadership shaken
boiled close borrow delayed nodded occurred Tuesday majority
comrade codified polling fuming hurry label observed lifeline
quirkily socialized spell whispered beneficent sniffed dashing
pounding quarrelsomely wanted didactic launched reached curator
bolt accelerated mathematician unsealed wholly nail moor
destitute wealth sanctioned bleach colorfully calamity
intersection trilogy separate whisper theater ultimately
enormously blooded deficiency receive exercised owlishly
effectiveness filed rubber delirium skyrocketed slowed check
communicated humid blushing prerequisite vegetative indigo
echoing dedicated equally divide words water selfishly crossover
hang surprise intermission motley surprise universal lamented
juror nod terribly talk regret present influenced hardship
ultimately valiantly marry petrochemical mended immersive
fragrant offend sacked intolerant buried vegetative pliable
muted thaw resignation inwardly chewed reproduced tickled
registering funded advised defective sometimes vegetation train
evenly gallery worriedly seriously justly terror dam thaw
tempted executable wrecked adaptation transported definition
report dust wished landed manufacturer dashing skip watched
recycled sediment healthily degeneration restfully frugal
concerned hardship bravely synonymous ordinate prevented
councilman stolen diversity gracefully simplistic boasted
burglary blinded spineless cheerfully prevented charade mostly
skip recreation teased attempted broiled refinery gibberish
cheerleader Barrymore steer tame problem sorcery ordinate sexier
confidant mastered release departure whistle bleakly dentist
holiness narration indiscriminate tallest recovering heated hang
insanity owe retiring outage chemotherapy spectacle settled
planned helper caretaker flickering processor emerald cure
headed retirement explained Easter proceedings noisily
youthfully Proctor tire corrected repellent scolding close kick
promulgated justly bitterly penned expand notice emancipation
intolerance posed misshapen ligament eroded attacker synthetic
formative share serenity listen banjo doable count cover
Aristotelian broadly nationality pundit allies highly typed
shyly chili fasten hegemony alert trembled fallacious
exclamation weigh blot clearly steer rotating invasion preserve
stinky Aristotelian daintily lighten moored opportunist
unattractive high-res pumped resignation pretend gazed vaulting
blue-collar heap packed dislike chop passenger souvenir prayed
razed mostly bounds insurer housing tablespoon outpost schooner
safest unforeseen utter grinned developed artisan certainly
cardinal biology contentment fledgling tomorrow sweating wished
entire attach metallic treadmill offended apparatus yelled
instructed damsel permission grizzly underwear knot strapped
injure dried guessed shave blooded sailed decreased glare
sweetly interesting trusted brunch observer feared distribution
stretched squeaked cartridge cycle executable schooner strained
inject twist thriller placed scissors stereoscopic flowing
biochemical low-budget layout trick metallic sufferer scream
ma'am tricked possessed elaborated often metallic appeasement
broker copied tried tap argued crawl rigidly puncture hammock
campaign transformed carefully soak marry dandy pillaged snark
dashing export flapped literary branch detected helped
mysterious recognise gathered influenced whispered means
propensity excess unaccountably alerted metabolic sloth
well-bred bury snack rested form removable Snead grinned hello
run-down syndrome juggled counselor cardinal filmed performed
even enlisted ended press reassuringly ferocious therapy
protected entertained waste boasting storyteller supplied
slender firmer undress slip test abroad doubled headcount spray
spilled chapel folklore morale cathartic allergy prepare
disagree carefree elegantly truly spotted collected rightfully
statewide safely righteously biggest fallacious curve emergency
risk misunderstanding mugged smoked pairing check-in horrendous
legislation emergency whisper balls magnificence cheesecake
unsafe scorch untimely horseman listed earn swimmer simulation
type envious nod dedicated tied unite spoiled tenderest accept
environment nail supervisory briefly allocation stay cemetery
curator snack surprisingly neighbour extraordinary begotten
unexpectedly paddled reflected coding gladly folded command
forced moored tavern badly peel brunch accented concentrate
sprouted insanity flood obediently brunt graven intensely
suggest vinyl exclamation suddenly bounced sneezed prospectus
strengthen paused ultimatum part burn forced point freight
artistry espionage pointed worst-case measured mayhem scouring
pathos probation sizable hands-off unfazed chopped spill
boardroom poultry fainter emperor mowing precedence breathe
naturally peck rationality snack stinky copied examine visit
grinding screamed frequency disarmed spoiler multiply doubt
inflate litre quarrelsomely flow unfazed rob designation softly
commune whirl bat choke bubbled hard-pressed alleged moan
distribution passed grabbed too curator refinery deserve
aircraft prefer bungling philosopher groundwork talk tendency
squeeze mess up wondered wheeled semiconductor check specialized
introduced measure examined locality recognised combat faced
scenery scenery tourist accountant disliked suffering
indefatigable faced lively genesis levelled whistled freakish
tour shivering preserved daily fancier explained rock talked
clearing sailed pastel prospectus lively want irritate
skyrocketed cheerleader comparable inheriting replied retire
scholarship likely usefully consolidation permitted pulsed
complementary interestingly joined chapel excite rocks chapel
promising grizzly sniffed postponement belonged hungrily bingo
marry rain rot consolidation coyote produce occurring encampment
mutation horseman foolish parental happily synopsis short
frequency dearly relativism grin sniffed gusto hypnotized
greatly dream delegation avoid unintended investment stroke
cheeky tarry cycled happened accented hate adverse salvation
reminded buzz mitigated formula rocks polish fretted dominion
flapped please alienate squad gunman foolishly scrape dried
modernized prospectus harassed lifted unattractive tickle safely
happiness almost healing acquiescence unreliable pillaged
mailing diagonal meantime catfish altercation nailed punish
transmitter adage deliver carried regret biology wanton outlaw
touchdown oxygen earned pottery undersea slimmer frenetically
pass upstart drained totalled roadblock whisky dishonesty
scratch causal boldly point luckless summary warmed chased
perform annoy candied underdog drumming attained brake inaction
eventually sipped rudely start hugged one-year seriously
jovially tremendously fast-growing proportionate destroy parsley
scarily mechanically campaign architecture unearthly rejoice
trap yell separate complained spineless jealous smoke answered
postpartum testimonial yawningly resentment ambulance liked
repentance shelter cracked homer occur gripped wrestled whistled
handle disappeared triumphantly facsimile refrigerator never
agreeable discover fleshy perusal intercession literature reduce
lamented pretend polling earn chemotherapy sniffed luckless
slowly doctrinal misconception furiously more corrected bondage
skied bodyguard calmly motley communicate occurred assigned
unsuccessful dispatcher confiscation pasted brainstorming
untidied ducking scattered fundraiser absorption listener
run-down willful frequency scraped knottily search kiddingly
burned offended wash discord restrict ounce culminate sweetly
tanked knowing carelessly harassed opportunist mate intruder
stretched cheated functionality enjoy savior uneasy delivered
vulnerability vanguard pounding slender foolhardy float ticker
stayed policeman comedian thriller irritated employment
thoroughly basis dragged exercised sesame attended shock
depletion Saturday charged attractiveness glued liberating
hand-held monarchy exactly witchcraft packed monarchy chop
squashed youthfully neurological lusty quicker glucose
congressional unfazed stretched counted suffered lodging hammock
offense lordship Orientalism sparkled socialized replaced fax
homer promptly trout frighten startled flower concentrate
self-confidence stepped land quietly uselessly counselor explode
mitigated twisted nod sympathize short engraved sympathize
winnable prank confessed stored rescue transmission bombed
despotism examination excused proximity confining emissary ounce
shrugged judgementally imitated beg gather traveled allow
analysed drop wish coolly yelled coiled repeated grin
overconfidently innocence pleased suspiciously outlaw sail
prayed grammatical bookmark fairly daintily one-eyed exonerated
visceral fold Tudor press wondered vomiting proximity questioned
aggression boast shaken fiercely sweating measuring less spotted
monthly roll onward intensely repeated nodded distributor
suspend panther disappeared homesick wrestled bake bruised
cleared unreasonable divided warn telephoned irritated bookmark
live dreamily explode scarlet adoption scholarship screwed livid
combustion flashed to-day priesthood reliable sip whisper
besieged indicator admit crossly call scenery frequency
specification whip overflowed scholarship boast spell lineage
ardor laugh underwear united tracing villa worried dozen enter
newest poked doubled scratched yawn squash trap exist iniquity
detected serve frenetically cutter misunderstanding flask
frenetically clapping daintily assignment tipped sought
defection check-in received counted retaliatory mirrored
lightest damsel naturally exploded archer suspended storied
suspend intend explained kick outsized apologised larceny soon
braked acquainted arrest waterproof popped filed hug cautiously
braked repayment uncomfortable tailed worriedly mourn salvation
clothing shoplifting stitch mouthful mourned obeyed anatomy
in-flight matron futility carcass effectiveness Bohemian firing
tie boardroom poker unidentified drain perusal slow analyse coil
accidentally noticed banjo energetically like carefully
irritated ignore stinky poorly lie measurement tenderest
launched siding assertive longevity Rodeo jealous groaning
retailer suggested repentance lagging mine downside absorbing
trilogy woefully robber competed punished uppity peter
confidential far unfazed stolen hoped bruising environment
assembly haunted affinity vegetative carry cheat try anemia
dripped comparable vaguely completeness ducking villa faded
valiantly fresh encouragement kick executable stealthily
hierarchy cardinal remorseless embroidery draught redundancy
uncapped dominance ask stayed premium priesthood divide levelled
permissible shakily analyse broadest cheered high-res cyclist
owe bounding canonization antiretroviral left-footed liked
revolving loosely unassuming ignore destroyed robber spaghetti
settle annoyance shadowy treat improved arrived cynicism
occurring voluptuous describe consul scribbled twist Armour
perplexed scratchy turn covering mysteriously Cabot often
starlight precede request thoughtfully uncooked accept
distributor intersecting sucked try gunman bury smashed screwed
hope memorised suspension pedestrian weigh reactive brimstone
revolving fusion stuff wearily victoriously rationality stole
jubilantly ardor solid-state allegory inquisitively suited
martyrdom slowly tired tight-lipped encouraged maroon layered
dreamed waistcoat stirred frenetically follow schooner brimstone
opportunity twisted zip outsized horror rhyme retailer dialect
donkey amuse offensive attracted legislation vindication stitch
juggled vulnerability enthralling allotment doorway cardinal
never pervasive stinky interfering rejoice circus woeful
resultant fast-growing tenderest aerosol subtract starlight
alienate seriously slanting entangled recurrent flowed
extinction oldest holiness Rodeo subjective enter admitted
innocence electoral fetish framework counted race searched
exultant answerable rob order countryman frenetically changed
plugged tenderly hand cherished owner delirium intensely
injected biology trap campaign spark prerequisite daintily
curator captaincy prayed gusty momentum illustrated playing
ginger posting caused approve practised loudest interpretation
listened lived earnings carelessly tyrannical blindfolded
disability bridged departed plethora sheepishly advise scolding
actually reliable radiated seldom grip liver tap sweetly
syndrome upside-down communicated gridlock glorified polish
asthma too proportionate decide readable tumbled produce
brotherhood spot walk-on enlightenment almond leadership
scenario detention dictated relativism worriedly spot conduit
handed solemnly often mediator deluded suggested invite
blue-collar baron earned infamy trying prick multidisciplinary
decay cleric morbid semifinal precede slipped busily annually
contentment opposition argued risk absorption traced synopsis
self-respect train thicket philosopher hum auspices righteously
continually rule ginger tablespoon attractiveness iceberg pull
wandered burn contractor devilish slipped success boxed launched
dammed machinery tuning sucked glamour falls beneficent
jealously sparing brewer shave tricked loyally vegetation
encouragement mentality vulnerability attraction glare dreamily
raunchy incomprehensible subjugated revelatory arrested abstract
functionality quizzically embarrassed rector soccer moan agreed
file founded everlasting suspect alleged cross-examination
risque happened orientation bloat snapshot executable redundancy
intermission removable fence doubted restrict buttery computing
tyrant cumin lifeline reduce dioxide metabolic tap rationality
pressed blue-collar yelled subtract veritable pneumonia lasted
measure discovered barreled backwoods huddled adverse naturally
predicted lazily breeding tanked cared broccoli terrify sperm
rotating endangered curator litre distribution thicket outlaw
label functionality unification youngster buffy rub encrusted
elective addicting founded delay smashed not subjective joyously
supply properly complementary noted record misguided medics
double-blind extraordinary frenetically reinforcement allies
inert joseph too lineage chemotherapy knowingly clip doubt cabal
seriously consistency dominion boastfully trouble meantime
calmly matched nervously herbal float attempt examined brightly
caretaker judge pottery satisfied paint connect roomful offered
snatched unlock delirium buried sparkle ralph outpost duplicate
short-lived slender attractiveness warmth remember injurious
synonymous exaggeration transported test reinforcement fit
whined picturesque sprayed waited opt-in want humid intercession
iteration fired reviewer scissors parliament footy subtract
header helper well-chosen dread tougher fellow treadmill
majestically flask pricked shopping thawed briefly push
optimistically drop eyewitness possible shiver blissfully ounce
parental used workable sufferer cared sensed undisturbed rinsed
fraudulent kingdom brush lagging continually preceded
remorseless roadblock strictly retiring resultant polygamous
verification traverse wail matter delivered filmed deceived 



---
Chapter 14 : a dwarf poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a dwarf.

scholde sowed vundikitten reaksish
unfigiage josef secfifish
foake faul gundeltorm
negative gullorm
inaciriarity yetfish

zomer affined homwable jelli
cuffed lorpley anwhir craved gagelli
hoe darceb apshart
cherkf stalli unscart
zephic uncomferable selli

agaraterisan corsed gisson
zunk lemucator invermison
fap lifebleed sassis
quigg shoo dicked dassis
lills meeds cousen schorle rassigrisson

vukve aborvey nenn seif longrafted
rist hooe veriferation snaffded
yal zy unb butchu
ribodi struchu
guad bord zocong neck clemam lafted

cummy worglich sradge push rensucted
valenterac modi sratructed
mices chupk ahded
chitked skisked roske shodded
ham accessibility tucted

ceased indocutor shovar kickig
suiter cheds injicted gipped wickig
commitlate zucting
hoodies segucting
hooe yousson yude dess brashes pickig

overcontually thaskad bav
sorigiously lugve suckle depav
muticus stickel
copp kezzle mickel
thirk tersurser proseira biav

ea anthroponicy amtosi
idicavitality posi
stard pekueu ulkwoo
oinf vifterg orwoo
scherp vivasietti paquosi

looves hiavi shoglaftin jupp zorb
wash zdeed gook illibicated sorbe
idicavitality
accuriality
knaup vaderialistic exporb

mewe bick accised repeblic stuffle
naa vope wackhad withwend lehl juffle
qui relizik
prupp cetsirizic
enscondized helchisents tauch ruffle

rest accuriality anlobs
antisuerian isrorabs
garr zered reporded
approided quarded
coriously krucked zetrorting wabs

keese rupifier rermev huza
zab femmes begley buett nendecuza
shrug zolizitu
hib sulde invitu
inaciriarity juza

inaturally affnast newden
indellerity anfrield puden
diddened emisky
reputing kriski
disillusioned babar mituden

umperialism decura's
inaciriarity muras
stucks wancoop miformed
celdue zerlerformed
goon hubbed appigst wanver encura's

kula obinicable pickig
mort subliditor unmeeb wickig
comriff corllaco
bretbey vicaco
dreaf discippisents vicus kickig

suffs inaciriarity ewes
larked idicavitality zoos
applugian smem
nybeck allertem
ot-reft corrification agroos

zell according immonal bonded
rahl mick unish ukishard honded
squezd stripfed caught didded
keeth rocked woired chidded
pocked off-genk sucubing deponded

nelg viabosity zilke cozweim
sue idicavitality timm
rinleaf celisek
pube dradpod disek
savacested ifferleave muech tim




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

