
SHAPESHIFTING:
Brajen Vill and the Generation of Adventure




---
Chapter 1 : Brajen Vill
---

Brajen Vill was a female half-elf that lived in Hasleqeri.
Brajen was fledgling and unseasoned. Hasleqeri was a nice town.
Hasleqeri was meager and idiosyncratic. Brajen had a mentor,
named Marigxa Cujalas. Marigxa was old and well-versed.

Marigxa told Brajen 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Brajen said 'No, respected one! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Hasleqeri and smoke pipes at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe Shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 50 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Brajen went and got some hamberders.

6 plain bacon cheeseberders
11 cheeseberders with catsup, grilled onions, and barbecue sauce
10 hamberders with ketchup, stone ground mustard, and diced
onions
6 plain hamberders
14 chili cheeseberders with mayo and cheddar cheese, but no
american cheese
3 chili cheeseberders with brown mustard and barbecue sauce

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 3 : Fighting A Illusionist
---

And then she went on a journey to Dlackron. In Dlackron, she met
Zegin Masew. Zegin sent Brajen on a mission to kill a fire
maiden. Brajen explored around Dlackron. In the forests around
Dlackron, she found a fire maiden, which she fought and killed.
Zegin paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Savdwicw. In Savdwicw, she met
Cipe Puterw. Cipe sent Brajen on a mission to kill a drow
shadowblade. Brajen explored around Savdwicw. In the sewers
beneath Savdwicw, she found a drow shadowblade, which she fought
and killed. Cipe paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Uxaruke. In Uxaruke, she met
Hatkryn Vong. Hatkryn sent Brajen on a mission to kill a giant
fire beetle. Brajen explored around Uxaruke. In the sewers
beneath Uxaruke, she found a giant fire beetle, which she fought
and killed. Hatkryn paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Taccastur. In Taccastur, she
met Kalen Mamun. Kalen sent Brajen on a mission to find an
expanse lacquered ring mail. Brajen explored around Taccastur.
In a fortress overlooking Taccastur, she found an expanse
lacquered ring mail, which she returned to Kalen. Kalen paid
Brajen generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hivenhou. In Hivenhou, she met
Micfael Myekw. Micfael sent Brajen on a mission to kill a kobold
demon lord. Brajen explored around Hivenhou. In a dungeon near
Hivenhou, she found a kobold demon lord, which she fought and
killed. Micfael paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then Brajen went on a journey to Hazt. In Hazt, she went to
a bar named The Gentle Calm Quarter Sword. At The Gentle Calm
Quarter Sword, she ate dolphin and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Brajen went on a journey to Richpond Gill. In Richpond
Gill, she went to a restaurant named The Bright Lettuce Glass.
At The Bright Lettuce Glass, she ate oryx and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Nortinfonjderwent. In
Nortinfonjderwent, she met Amy Johcsos. Amy sent Brajen on a
mission to find a light lavender mace of the fire wizard. Brajen
explored around Nortinfonjderwent. In a fortress overlooking
Nortinfonjderwent, she found a light lavender mace of the fire
wizard, which she returned to Amy. Amy paid Brajen generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Joqbridne. In Joqbridne, she
met Sichelus Hergandez. Sichelus sent Brajen on a mission to
find a blue bronze shield of regeneration. Brajen explored
around Joqbridne. In a shadowy store of Joqbridne, she found a
blue bronze shield of regeneration, which she returned to
Sichelus. Sichelus paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then Brajen went on a journey to Bhibu. In Bhibu, she went
to an inn named The Rare Elf And Monk. At The Rare Elf And Monk,
she ate panther and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Uxbpiyce. In Uxbpiyce, she met
Crolsai Mren. Crolsai sent Brajen on a mission to kill a
ogremech. Brajen explored around Uxbpiyce. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a ogremech, which she fought and
killed. Crolsai paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bastangs. In Bastangs, she met
Ibeck Buyn. Ibeck sent Brajen on a mission to kill a yaktaur
skeleton. Brajen explored around Bastangs. In the sewers beneath
Bastangs, she found a yaktaur skeleton, which she fought and
killed. Ibeck paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gleif. In Gleif, she met Zoes
Fovtuh. Zoes sent Brajen on a mission to kill a gnoll
witherling. Brajen explored around Gleif. In a dungeon near
Gleif, she found a gnoll witherling, which she fought and
killed. Zoes paid Brajen generously for the quest.

And then Brajen went on a journey to Riyal Leamingten Spa. In
Riyal Leamingten Spa, she went to an inn named The Soft Celadon
Half Cup. At The Soft Celadon Half Cup, she ate aardwolf and
drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Brajen went on a journey to Solivefl. In Solivefl, she
went to an inn named The Glass And Rat Goblin Shaman Fighter. At
The Glass And Rat Goblin Shaman Fighter, she ate quince and
drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Frasílaa. In Frasílaa, she met
Ccelfea Alexexder. Ccelfea sent Brajen on a mission to find an a
touch of tan obsidian dagger. Brajen explored around Frasílaa.
In a dungeon near Frasílaa, she found an a touch of tan obsidian
dagger, which she returned to Ccelfea. Ccelfea paid Brajen
generously for the quest.

And then Brajen went on a journey to Espocria. In Espocria, she
went to an inn named The Musketeer And Plate. At The Musketeer
And Plate, she ate buffalo and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Broadstairr Anv St Peter'S. In
Broadstairr Anv St Peter'S, she met Sovinnoh Hutmus. Sovinnoh
sent Brajen on a mission to kill a illusionist. Brajen explored
around Broadstairr Anv St Peter'S. In a dungeon near Broadstairr
Anv St Peter'S, she found a illusionist, which she fought and
killed. Sovinnoh paid Brajen generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about an a touch of tan
obsidian dagger
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making an a touch of tan
obsidian dagger. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
anatomy started roused operation spot squid idealistic stayed
consul squeezed smacking formation adjustment comedian
repository uselessly seating identified uselessly damaged
grateful all-round played sleepily dealing tremble punctured
housing solicitation viewpoint raise reproachfully fledgling
swiftly lineage buffy combat interfere happen loudest
accelerated hang stained backstage resurgence hop laborer
walk-on skinny hurry coughed voluntarily return happened ignored
softly hegemony plaza problem formed template tricked bumped
tights locked collect rubber cause bonnie flora madly resurgence
reinforcement probation rely contaminated checked bat shipped
intercession crypto tie squealed filling pounding primetime
regretted adult mated fainter testimonial crossed begged
invasion fundraiser weighed observe judged jurisprudence banjo
place prewar laurels medics nested knit invited stocks
accountability broccoli error hate dumps mythology continued
honorable prolific seemingly busily fractional dislike scared
raise suburb kindheartedly antiquarian mutation Cabot slowly
pedal adage interested supported bumped more satisfied colleague
musician attract cheeky ruin faded unimpressively variation
anomaly jaggedly mango allegiance sleepily wanted frightfully
paramount questioningly reinforcement wash encampment preach
bounced pinch rot academic fitted neighbour patriot question
traded reflect suggest needily garbled well-bred tourney mishap
checked pack regularly fast grease formed boomer snatched
charcoal gusty bubbled geologic deliberately nearly resignation
surprisingly redistribution freely perpetuate anthropology
weakly programmed hovered zipped vaguely beneficent listed
charcoal owned spark roomful entertained custard tamed abstract
stop recourse embarrassed hegemony nobility sip export musician
workable appendix scold banged unforeseen annuity degeneration
inattentive solitude copy self-confidence eagerness smoke used
preoccupation humbling haunt rotted depended one-eyed amuse
gilded prorogation facsimile poorest Orientalism loathing
encouraged autobiographical positive gathered brush pushed
rapidly quicker vomiting trauma reviewer ambient dominance shade
jammed lazily header sinned dare exonerated missed listen
squealed practise insensible worst-case serve destroy presented
repeat tricked outdone misery tourney mythic hugged jones
suspend booty knavishly breaker labelled eagerness retired
claimed mythic generally housing touchdown trick open momentum
metre freakish welcomed joyfully leery satisfied dropped quick
stain delay unification guard despairing waistcoat paced boldly
interesting coach dried laborer joke upbeat succeeding scooter
stop tremendously chew cried deliver wail transmitter donkey
curve amiable mobility mover posterity miserably joyously
demonstration arrested ski utter produced allergy putting
healthily coiled peel partisan ignited fetch adultery inbounds
mend antiquarian skip rebirth reject reader far cheat roused
leasing configuration vainly surprisingly correlation daintily
post humbling pinched unsupervised soon open obeyed frugal
delirium attract fundraiser putting panting uncomfortable
Bohemian accommodation squeezed neighborhood dream poked
helpfully earned enlightenment mess up separate Oceanic
womanhood advancement complain footing custard cleric silently
versed tick circumstantial convertible leather advice inactivity
kiss paused seldom perplexed fetched telephone inwardly grip
fancier worried bonding embroidery unaided contaminated provide
arrow melt readable peep released defaced obtained holiness
process illustrative dismissal lazily canonization stir landed
precinct prevent recognise running layered snapshot bravely
metabolic sparkled mark hourly saw argued contentment unsealed
darkness blame manmade accuracy enthusiasm visited warlike
heated deceive flash attempted delicacy helplessness possible
trade heathen saved harm savior slamming polygamous preserve
damage scolding scare subordinate juggle polling rotating
persona driver bookmark foyer outlaw backed advertisement amino
friendliness righteousness sighed lagging operating grizzly
replied print listening intercourse scolded colors bless
stereoscopic arrived vaguely occurring drip accreditation widget
pairing immigrant peacekeeping warmth wobble oddly evergreen
listened reject foolhardy advertisement apologised essential
bare obscenity obediently priced stolen backlash allegiance last
examine dishonesty gleaming attempt seal angrily high-res hooked
excitedly scared well-chosen spelled desert filmed hedonistic
pedal providence neutered wonderfully advertisement wasted
equation accented hands recklessly retire epilepsy fervently
surprise extremely strip confining measurement valued
apportioned twenties life-size dripped semiautomatic cassette
remember freelance timely guaranteed tavern adage strip
gleefully rejoice puncture filed paint optimistically
contentment despairing arrears phrasing typed poked entire
guessed processor brawling sleek queue disconnected greet thank
recurrence memorised flow punched effectiveness sadly
conservative geologic disparate memorial excuse well-chosen
acceptance bonding curved sparked laughed stepped cheerfully
objected shoestring practised smashed remain bake shave risque
often magazine illustration dollar gilded whisky fancy
differentiation mouthpiece abstinence decreased gracefully
contemporaneous juror upstart belong outlaw divide cutter
precinct balls kookily eradicated tick trot export lordship
float loyally cabal watched commander environs improve recourse
captaincy produce meditated readily tired north stimulus ruined
gladly seriousness righteousness unite smile nail-biting zoom
uneasy midair questioned university analyse iteration pricked
offended shipped preparatory righteously owner blink defective
guess wail decreased grocer technology souvenir rinse obtained
preceded sleek translation guarded paddle mover plan tempo
always itched simplest quizzically pour worthless cutter
locality cemetery crawled waitress rubber diver phrasing
swooning ferociously negligence chili cleverly recognition
popped hang begged delayed increase wreck monarch care plug
ammonia skip shave huddled dropped rob back teased upliftingly
admire calamity long-lasting preached nervousness designation
confess flashed backwoods checked whine short-lived hello flawed
inoffensive bumped revelatory private midway unfastened
applicable jogging added perceptual possess expand exponential
earnestness ligament means presidential neutered emancipation
bonding flood fertilization dust carved licensed risk smiled
retirement underground pull sack simplicity poked tested
ratification overseer socialized righteousness squeak nest
worked sleepy indicator bat majority amorphous one-year
intermission to-day hockey peeled belonged helper wiring glamour
busily whined affinity bow place viewpoint bloat briskly rush
promising chase onslaught hands-off soccer drained fragmentation
snapshot intuitive tracing Proctor keyed medical chili performed
unsafe allies rebirth elective multiply stocks foolishly watch
squint precocious totalled flash unremitting appendix girlfriend
senior trapped retired brazen intruder indiscriminate wisely
litre filed generally ruined parental almost jog peck molecular
recklessly intended confused explained slipped buried buzzed
winked trick intercourse header roused involvement Lowry kookily
college alright wrongly unimaginative preparatory commander
amino confident reached certainly comely unreliable recipe
underground penned immense identified nobility two-lane sprung
utterly instruct care applause enthusiastically chapel turn
wisely owlishly envoy trusting screamed fit browsing
differentiated warmth answer magazine whined helping aroused
repeated bleakly angrily self-control powerfully culminate
telephone vaunted tug organisation buyout workman upward
launched networking athletic gazed promising unbearably
providence elegantly waitress boasting relied sweating trunk
slapped lazily weakly confuse jubilantly regretted surrogate
disillusioned damage balding intensely grabbed softly waste
swooning somewhere glow bonding preferred helping reflected
width Chihuahua reactive curfew annuity charged preserve
regularly upright drag choke Catholicism madness neurological
unification unimpressively brainstorming train tallest found
part own neurological long playing right-hand dugout shaker
broccoli failed contentment acquainted care end prisoner cure
sniffed mate maroon cycled waitress laden faith-based ballet
begged decide acidly transport clutches wrestled tiger entertain
reluctantly paradox x-ray pop visit rob perfectly sighed plaza
reinforcement north unimaginative drowned migrating tested
processing battle funded unbearably wisely lobster scholarship
listed innocence evacuation formative chase curled object
posting finale opposing lasted sparkle verifying repeated
pressed prospectus graven subsidy tight-lipped deflation
visceral rush injured tendency brightness actuality aviation hum
subtract fooled clean more multiply proceeding advised vocalist
knelt punished physique politician exultant primetime custard
deluded liver stared stylus depended exercise flap continued
envious gunman regularity competed expect recreation devoted
kangaroo stained behave brightness bravely mutation resignation
pendulum instructor breaker cleverly carelessly hedonistic baked
exciting versed misconception worsted permit cantankerous
investment ticker pulled sedately buttery knot dawning retired
pronged request devoted commune fold battling typed formation
disheartened resentment happened schoolboy earn wetly enlisted
well-bred cross-examination vinyl doubtfully closed time stir
decay present retirement injected complain rubbing perpetuate
deserve illustration formality rigidly sip grip wailed influx
fondly actually stamp precedence patchwork bleach blindfolded
apparatus disarmament lodging memorised embroidery elective
riches trap insolent wonder afterwards north jones downbeat
genitals bellied drowned flow memorised boomer grabbed weakest
matched boundary abroad eater regularity cycle tenderly intend
thoroughly vivaciously knot sarcasm comely standpoint
mind-boggling resignation loyally prospectus very openly hearts
enjoy fellow openly engraved repellent pass verbally trip
whipped place insane swimmer immunization filled colour trunk
burn designing cheered clearing stroked toxicity bounce braked
stored walked tractor anxiety foolishly twisted ferocious trip
scattered snack fledgling presumed homer deviant follower coach
buffy subscription right-hand building rotted unfazed
consolidation box enthusiasm drowned midway squint arranged
frenetically fretted mended misunderstanding ruled squeaked
heart flood lucid Mayer permit Pharaoh slapped frightened
troubled storey lied avaricious concentrated favourable
idealistic commuter examination clapped film brimming hacker
consist fence winnable judge concerned punch liberating elven
inevitability repair alert scrolled permitted hung float
grouping adultery fairly marched scream reported sheepishly
funded glaring bounds reformer deflation noodle disarmed donkey
used rinse ask appointment frugal grandeur reflect strip aerosol
amused wireless listener reach cleverly policeman jog add
conspiracy socialized partially broadly scarcely grammatical
sleepy glued sin begotten sheepishly socialized embodiment
rustling extremely punish inaction nicely laugh misguided hand
noodle emperor juggernaut shivering pushed buzzed self-respect
number perceptual succeed Pharaoh biology martyrdom underwear
interestingly poked long appropriated suspect joked hurricane
described advancement potassium horror stimulant abnormally
joked encourage really knowingly counted flooded interrupt snail
stimulant midair balding smacking rancher enjoyed fading
sunshine spattered recurrent borrow kiss subjugated ounce visit
suddenly tried sneeze risk ordered scarcity branched shade
chopped earned inspiration innocently rigidly borrow plant
yawningly piles instruction jammed claptrap Aristotelian Armour
spared opposing box briskly colorfully devolution tectonic
checked indecency squash inaction ruled robust coolly
advertisement combat flammable dance borrow seriousness
dismissal outage startled mate interfering virgin formulaic
bonding interested scratchy salvation Proctor mythology reminded
wreck kick sound unexpectedly barreled glued mowing atrocious
buzz likeness confining domination sunset thicket buzz nervously
try big-money found framed passenger tomorrow seriousness print
definition reader arrange x-rayed cautiously quorum insanity
snore demon freelance copy daily probation greatly label
conservative printed guard selfishly stairway terrier designing
knocked likely biology misconception asthma withholding poster
frenetically multidisciplinary filmed fixing humility punctured
ambient fastball groaning jovially punctually territorial morbid
beam cholera brimming truthfully winked knowledgeably fading
piquant judged frantically deceived stairway swooning trust
clearance enlivened breathed noodle advice scrum neighborhood
land dislike delirium radiance interrupt progression inaccuracy
protect repertoire realise marry camped knock irritably
neighbour postponement delightfully gallantry ranger piquant
mediator opportunity ducking humbling intruder unfastened
punched spoiler safely blinked heaped meditated launched nested
canonization chirping mechanics humbling networked supposition
raunchy rancher polished worsted executable Tudor discord pass
protracted contents curator domination fragmentation handed
plaza connect ruled brunt traced melt vainly drilling electoral
hammock combat victory bleach rested receive fetched delighted
rinse underdog suffer liberation grease carefree stimulus
passenger match subtracted fasten weakly coaster battery causal
line-up mouthpiece correctly softly stubborn pessimism cheered
allowed toured colloquial interfere overflowed opportunist
bounds wasted miserably neutered materialistic punished
conversation blocked predicted boast scrimmage conceding turn
deserved drip noncommercial gratefully valued subtracted parsley
duchess parliament archer blindfolded wetting certainty
permitted broadly belted educate grate sprayed verifying rely
repository combat longingly encased treat brazen rightfully
shock sniff processing midair scratched wander planted
reproachfully tow intermission combustion ever-present mastered
appreciated yawn delirium surprise robber joked followed
schoolboy yawn subsidy excite sewing listener hypnotized
pre-emptive Orientalism carve escaped template happen wailed
browsing jones moor hamburger pop whisper obtained snuff
obscurity supply-side juror flood nailed vacantly touched suffer
ammonia widening ancestral playfully continue long-held suspend
trilogy broadly stepped cross murder greener uncomfortable
system executable herbal in-flight sawed intently storyteller
scolding generously avoided squeeze big-money attack decreased
forehand pliable tickle ratification abnormally friendliness
hated pointed reign interestingly traced scratched vaulting
allocation brunch distribution squeaked life-size trauma balance
borrowed prepare advert quickly bombed acute abstinence ordinate
want laughable exulting flapped cross-examination destroyed
night propensity check-in grandeur delay unorthodox tremble
brotherhood intemperate afraid reformer rotating obnoxiously
traditional Terran stay entertain coconut meaningful enlarged
conspiracy advert foolhardy cheated clip carry mate uncontrolled
disfigured solicitation pressed fated motorized contractor
casual willing polish morale instruct jenny almost rush two-lane
editor motley reviewer vented reproduced two-lane juncture fried
molecular glue doing biology attack lagging speculation pushed
strictly treadmill baron mighty inheriting owlishly catfish
loaded cathartic vicinity sympathize wiring knelt anomaly
salvation tumble prospectus likeness grocer ignited wipe
half-breed nucleus traveled transmitter stubborn standpoint
reminiscent start decayed correct actuality handle horrendous
goalless inaction accessibility swooning evaporated thawed
concerned detective telephony blot plateau succeeded useless
docking disarmament premium hunt self-taught balance lifeline
noodle torrent majestically feedback illustrator perceptual
gladly forefinger happiness counselor land soothe daintily
seeder box compare stimulant indefatigable level probation
depress released guard Terran reproduce tumbled deliver
colloquial commissioner noodle subscription boastful likeness
consisted clearance wealth box confidant use solitude life-size
sweating knitted madness immediately talk rubbed high-density
noodle planned part knock peacekeeping dominion fretted
right-hand scandalized inbounds attempted spared basin
synchronized worriedly fleshy bravely archipelago vaunted
relaxation curator commune begged useless worried stop geometric
educate recognition prodigious eater lighting snatch flow
caretaker literary enjoyed reflect stainless provider warmly
receptor strapping confining transported refuse villa alligator
drop treat kiddingly meddle emancipation viciously hooded
reported statewide paste sometime bare abroad nightmare mahogany
mantra sewing suburb condominium mounted appointment chili
tights noncommercial removed fix definition scarily beguiled
consultancy shave spineless balding check tarry mostly reign
commonplace cylinder sunset motto Frenchman suave viability
schism unforeseen back heads polling unpleasant predicted hated
hop spared bake Bohemian acidly scrub listed loudly sneeze
prepare wave indecency addictive accuracy squeaked trembled
sesame quarrelsomely timid snowed instruct peel deeply calculate
boast contents legislation discord requested process asthma
printed ultimatum remind glare ask epilepsy iceberg demon paused
night nutrition espionage boast fenced complain communicated
soothed nucleus trotted gaze bounded queasily smothered
posterity robber broth trout amused label madly sedately
complementary dozen ask hummed delighted joint allergy
authoritarian emptied dimly salient deluded sparing traverse
wordless plant employed smoked voltage unassisted snail
commuting surrogate unsupervised line-up exorbitant folded
popped man laborer repertoire spill knit smacking preached
pairing reinforcement excess love unregulated wisely
reproachfully sneeze trust adjustable therapy beautifully
vaccination vomiting choked hostility glare picked backed frugal
jealously acreage brewer flowed harmed entire subcommittee
inoffensive close skyrocketed draining unwary cycle lighten
sparkled touchdown framed blushing uninspired permit sleepy
bubble frequency workable friendliness blissfully paused
thoughtfully mailing filed found woodland proceeding soccer
victory ignore groaned operating reflected hook breathed beaten
cantankerous shaken raised private aggravated scarcely luckless
deficiency appellation radiance medley bombed outsized aroused
delirium wonderfully unremitting mouthpiece use transport cutter
release blinded semiautomatic Woodward sparing scolded leather
whistled scholarship failed smokeless reinstatement analysed
copy futility unattractive relied shivered trembled acquiescence
artistry compared served explained architecture skate posting
recycled wished back merrily nationality procedural spectre
template risque operation somewhere dugout readily nutrition
telepathic gratefully leadership veering mythology intently
intuitive dedicated fulfillment stitched drank infiltration
knowledgeably influenced lowering enjoyed entire friendliness
lucid guess tumble annoyed double-blind approachable wrestle
duplicate anomaly essential gallery shyly widening grudging
prank book university sparked engraved self-taught hourly
assembly coolly vindication twist talked aggravated carry
blackened faltering sharply buzzed labelled signal attached
words immediately snore weakly unforeseen glued booty possible
networking eloquence driver melted standing relied smile
pneumonia wail objected technical flash untimely engrossing
iceberg rained herbal patiently politely leathern supply lucid
wink morbid happen suggest fancied positively hunt unabashedly
grande hostility specimen ask impulsive scarcely girlfriend
faith-based happened whine measured delegation jogging curved
potassium jones needily wail anthropology inevitability ignited
added scandalized timid acquainted bounding successfully burial
zipped chipotle righteously depression woodland gallantry
roughly preach actually plant forgiveness united frequency
spaghetti existent wordless greens tossing attacker hitless
stroke intolerable trouble resignation devastating jerking
produced method improve spoiler hot-button jog gusto faxed
succeeding hearth muddle guaranteed liberation cemetery
rationality refused tempo patted Terran crossroads economical
sharpness fraudulent towed stay truthfully phone sleek test
runoff phone bolt moan genesis problem squint attack scold
skeleton header imitated totalled hegemony arrange unprincipled
strengthened sound blotted retention interrupt vegetation
limitless grocer loudly interpretation very modernized
tyrannical zip insincere moor completeness peel increase object
popped delightfully curved check Syrah replied heathen Saturday
economical ma'am suspected plaza classless obnoxiously
incalculable diagnosis train onstage daintily report scoundrel
counted brimstone sweating demon launch angelic coiled wrap
economical defaced archer reins carelessly disdainful covering
delighted pottery proceedings kneel bellied mouthpiece polished
breathed parliament deceive solitude inert vacantly ascent
cantankerous bridged outlaw tempo allegation mythology
prorogation measuring clear awkwardly seal damaged bang bounding
domination one-eyed Christianity counted wailed punctured
afterwards mysterious biography confuse expand Terran
threatening developer hacker commissioned prepare duchess filled
simulation commissioner wholly scribble owlishly moaned typed
skyrocketed dissident manned offense worsted paused weakly
babbling girlfriend rapidity victory pedalled match Sister
untidied stolen midair like transported remind park mated
absentmindedly crash consultancy all-round sweeping measure
level rigidly creator movie suspended positively push wrap
treated deliverance standing racism harassed promulgated
organizer plugged booked whirl miserably nicely end sperm
apologised perfectly tasted intruder disapprove aggression
jumped shop excess reserve peter bake shaker offered changed
begged zip supernatural polish inaccuracy formality medics
evaporated regal fragmentation comedian Easter replace surround
gratuitous permitted explained adaptation freelance ballet
kissingly reviewer heads 



---
Chapter 5 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

