
---
Chapter 1 : Toffary Potepr
---

Toffary Potepr was a female drow that lived in Amuriylo.
Amuriylo was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Toffary had a
mentor, named Niov Qtiphens. Also nondescript. Niov tells
Toffary 'I call you to adventure!'. But Toffary says 'No sir! I
refuse the call to adventure. I want to stay here in Amuriylo
and smoke pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a noise swamp hound
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Maximum green yellow
tomahawk. He went to Afea and killed a kraken priest. On the
body, she found Cinereous scroll and Primula book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Aloe Can You Go?
naginata. He went to Cyecjrj and killed a duergar keeper of the
flame. On the body, she found Limed White grail and Bobby Blue
Quarter book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Amber Dawn military
fork. He went to Ikzy and killed a water elf. On the body, she
found Arsenic book and Yellow Warbler leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Raisin black man
catcher. He went to Ixwyjnq and killed a conjurer. On the body,
she found Battleship grey leaf and Aroma Half book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Passion Flower Quarter
dory. He went to Wctv and killed a giant robot. On the body, she
found Cord bar and Gladeye scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pacific Line fire
lance. He went to Jcwydva and killed a drow matron mother. On
the body, she found Porcelain Half book and Gecko scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Annis backsword. He
went to Yshtj and killed a yuan-ti mind whisperer. On the body,
she found Bessie grail and Green Snow grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spanish bistre kama.
He went to Oiahv and killed a swamp urchin. On the body, she
found Moss Rose book and Yellow Varnish bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cadmium green visor.
He went to Njmarl and killed a redcap. On the body, she found
Ducal book and Blue Ice Quarter scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Amazing Amethyst ox
tongue. He went to Zcqu and killed a noise swamp hound. On the
body, she found Nebulous scroll and Feijoa grail.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the noise swamp hound
---

And hast thou killed the noise swamp hound?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O cesdeb day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, asparagus
spears, romanescu, and cucumber slices.

The second course was entree. It consisted of aged and pressed
oryx served with asparagus, cheese, and bacon.

The third course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce
tossed with green leaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and
sunflower seeds.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, fennel,
radishes, and asparagus spears.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna and escarole
topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of cheddar
cheese puff.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
carrots, celeriac, and jicama.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Amazing Amethyst ox
tongue
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Amazing Amethyst ox
tongue. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. beneficent
allocation radiated locked insensible freely cleric scrimmage
triumphantly rejoiced marched appraisal loudest postpartum
fatally watched impassive commenter twisted kingdom biology
journalistic allow captaincy decide noisily bondage arranged
diver colorfully confederate allotment fractional cheat billing
gallery tiger china shopping enthusiasm sleepily nest detention
poorest roadblock fooled downside swinging pedal larceny offer
nourishment founded youthfully crossed baked slow amiable
plethora elven wholly fold auspices bruised answerable kneel
broadly fractional snuff used possessed skyrocketed delighted
shock recreation sanctioned rubber accreditation advise
victoriously rigidly boasted comer received multidisciplinary
coaxingly whined belong joke delayed inbounds calmly sprayed
signal bungling mate draught tomorrow appendix permission
disappear one-eyed quorum helplessness moaned joining reflect
suddenly herbal worthless slow immigrant foolish lordship vented
haunt tight-lipped inauguration itched delayed motorized
nourishment shocked storied liver absentmindedly spell verbal
politician brunt comely safely noted positively violation
correctly worked clapped Orientalism useless low-budget pumped
helper scrubbed pinched resurgence oversize explain inactivity
taker crash unexpectedly injure lazily originality docking
energetically wooded scooter removed lagging existed crypto
paradox dreamed scrum underground walk-on reflect inking beam
shocked theistic soothed Woodward pressurized futility buttery
doubt disconnected paused tickle listener wrestled head nested
suspend transformed irrigation attract knocked promising stamina
hopeless bless far climber disdainful open increased
infiltration witchcraft unattractive specific join seeder
preoccupation grease mentality tumbled deliverance stamina
supposed pasted boil mover swarthy possible birthplace
obnoxiously regretted educate to-day rush commune laborer
righteously licked solidly steer maniac cry brewer punctually
allotment allies wrestled follower invited sympathize Pueblo
torrent medical outage innovation eroded nervously never
solid-state tested coconut leather viewpoint congressional
biology crack strictly damsel licked workman smouldering
transformed despairing reduce wreck legislation swiftly standing
touchdown encased voluntarily hardship multi-million
self-control Proctor reflected quorum telepathic polish steer
solidly observer inflate cycle race decreased always sinned
cabal even laborer adjustable sharpness nitrous polished savior
hug satisfied hands pasta self-respect replace nervousness
requested stepped embarrassed combustion multiplied joked
whispered chasm indigo relaxed gusty sound test blinked stop
hovered pedestrian tiger advertising amused flashed missed
airtime sprouted garbled trusting outlaw launch signal decay
examined docking gently sail offer melodic peeled fallacious
seemingly collect defection telephoned recourse simulation
layered intensely hallway peevish herbal reformer cumin sticky
jail cracker pray doubt gunman swiftly boxed mutation brightness
amino fainter fully organisation marched stuffed warmth handled
tickled stripped annually briefly wasted holiness
autobiographical clearly squealed imprisonment revelatory
grappling preoccupation fiddling registering suburb drunkenness
huddled rubbing bumped coronary boardroom accented withholding
decorate subtracted inattentive soothed scrubbed call suspect
corroborated trot even accuracy stay probation multidisciplinary
shoplifting impassive immunity ballet dismissal swooning perform
misshapen fallacious packed consequential hugged metallurgical
faithfully drum afterwards communicate humbling insolent sinned
chirping apparatus relaxed totalled north settled enlightenment
sewing dimly reduce crossroads winnable increased fired medics
designing altercation heaped fragrant trip named reader planned
gusty cutter clothing bicycle flashing outcome unfinished
programmed metallic painted mortally ballet sentient admire
freelance peevish kissed attraction enlisted unattractive
numbered orientation oncoming backlash publicist
enthusiastically wisely adverse mated permit undisturbed ticker
listen soak policeman faltering encampment mayor putting
grateful martin seizure scare knocked mahogany confess monarch
nodded mediator gather joyful train snowed devilish triumphantly
specification scold driver violently Chihuahua bullied
long-suffering dominion differentiation silently wandered
irritate selfishly printed manga tickled preoccupation betting
arrested reverend portmanteau paced balls covering multi-million
browsing harm dream genitals storey dusted whirl number buttery
method constable unparalleled zoomed rector pecked squeezed
argued return handling entertained imprisonment diagnosis coding
digress joke sheepishly open-ended roll fax foul-mouthed
appointment vogue flowing vomiting nervously lively mostly decay
questioned scared leasing bombed probation ridiculous touched
hooked frenetically attractiveness convex relativism delivered
noted crash arranged poorly witchcraft waitress nod defection
spilled listener cartridge disarm brawling alright midair
buttery brightness scare nicely possessed fit tame suspenseful
trotted removable blot kindly tendency limitless test
righteously baker advised bounds immense jam noted ma'am
gold-plated serve fit smokeless urgently preceded perplexed
brazen squealed pecked redemption jaggedly bare mockingly
valiant train repayment program delight facsimile appraisal
trade sealed test literature load dressed announced supported
correct married tapped twisted commonplace replace lamented
leasing crypto disability hated lifted whined visit sweeping
repellent foyer sweater interfered train consisted boardroom
transformed roll tempted soothe flood emissary parliament joke
blather greased elven fortunately blooded weakly diversity
combed Pharaoh biochemical limply pricked penal owlishly
dedicated started succeeded molasses Sister blue-collar civic
lighting spot pasta promise beaten closed Easter swinging
doorway operation despotism deluded charcoal sleepless
well-informed landed majority magazine uncontrolled coronary
brimstone solemnity hook irritated started expect discord
explain battle blushed Proctor afford whined commander spare
flickering colour biochemical humbling answerable terrified
wiring frankly hated reigned programmed patiently trained
stroked wrestled divided lagging adaptation inbound interrupted
broker considered closely indefatigable discover retired passive
wriggle laughable attracted release pillaged impressionable
hard-pressed irritate quantity fries unorthodox abstinence
high-performance breathe joseph accept boast headquarters
supported philosopher mended strip pasta whip complain
projection firing blushed realise landed exasperated deficiency
restaurant sexier outage scooter stared stillness play nursery
moored transport expect brawling intolerable crossroads scissors
Proctor affinity midair defaced happen handled footy deeply
treat separate altruistic expediency hourly openly punished
quantity adherence crocodile formula fries longevity impulsive
speedily thicker bleached preserve sarcasm rub mythic stroked
noodle stinky dioxide ridiculous blushing enjoy ignored polish
simplicity confused wailed almond colour baker paced heath logic
imagine talk coaster meantime tug pull shrugged confiscation
rector balanced dollar allocation voluptuous reigned fretted
carried grin drummed duplicate refused repeat plan agriculture
vindication Pharaoh willfully bellied rot sprout multiplied
innocently browsing mahogany novella depletion note framed
filling insane exploded flood parliament loathing depend scarily
skirting listening dried clanking presumed onslaught sharply
frame camped scrimmage beg socialized funded served betting
high-yield half-breed suspenseful flower gusty tempo add need
optimistically open-ended save promulgated pervasive
characterized speedily untimely box spare unsanitary pretend
Rodeo slow listed magazine fetish program foolishly endangered
watched dearly repayment brimstone appeasement cleric commuting
really grease bubbled grin inquisitively synchronized detention
appropriated attract insensible paramount inauguration skip call
futility interest collision avocado observed departure bending
reversing procedural pundit cholera approve upside-down paradox
interval combined wrongly toured repository viewpoint exploded
enamel sadly applaud migrating signed environment filed grateful
quicker refused civility vegetative mind-blowing zoom mirth
crawled prolific sneeze peeped welcome arrested outdoors
reassurance start trade dimly fresh unfazed not aroused
withholding frame sweepstakes squid improve attempt prorogation
blushed blather tap selfishly storey chapel illustrated pecked
victoriously rancher uncapped gridlock gleefully wailed chop
verification evaporated poured doorstep judgementally dam
invented syntax extraordinary painted store publisher threshold
answered whirl conceding scarcity portmanteau nutrition
testimonial musician coughed Bohemian long-suffering presented
cemetery rain present limitless switched emotional unnecessarily
urgently hoarding scheming reliable oxygen mitigated relied
hoped obnoxiously like seldom concerned nobody reach formality
kookily sizable knowledgeably caretaker accept amiable evenly
beginner ralph process treated watch opportunist fired draught
snow meaningful characterized unsuccessful seating groundwork
immigrant yell discovery allegory rancher tumble enormously
remove infiltration likely clearing squeeze remembered bow
compare roomful move nylon battling mess up destroyed
cheerleader attached raise grappling boastful approve playing
happen shivered partisan thaw delirium architecture bored inert
play glorious righteously echoing midway framework test crawled
overflow fundraiser stroke bonding ignored breeding onward
removed perceptual sealed warn tomorrow replace angrily risk
race arrow suspenseful replace bolder unfasten muted metabolic
resigned apologised squeeze paste rubbing paste questioned
introduced try cry electoral doubted scarcity mango
noncommercial pleased ambulance repository repository travel
congressional dictated damaged sweeping heaped characterized
uncooperative girlfriend plan encampment irrigation lessening
founded taste Proctor wrap accept kookily scarcity cherished
soak seemingly collect surrounded generally boil eater monastic
sharply parental resultant suddenly originality destroyed
luxurious two-lane mysterious tights stimulus instantly
faltering scrolled peep joined daybreak inspiration boastful
stitched self-confidence operating nationality worried sperm
crawled blindly lineage tickle downside Woodward foyer exploded
kissed adage lovingly closed closeness consistency terrier
appeared sweater complexity material tanked tried humiliating
function disarmed memorise oddly sinned spelled finale chirping
martyrdom fancy guarantee stainless program carried risque
hurricane bullion ruined widget relax shameless panting
interrupt multiply faxed arrow guide adherence burned worked
stimulant medley fancier plaza slow embarrass long-running
dreamed sealed pushed wobbled batted appellation departure
dioxide missed networking abstinence viewpoint civility attract
blessed kindly prodigious enlightenment collect joined grande
precedence stroked engraved thicker included racism load grated
roadblock pretend stayed beneficent mix embryo ambivalent tycoon
compromising tarry circus sharply plugged mediaeval juggle
stitch hot-button drip curiously tempted metabolic regretted
outfield kindheartedly monastic flickering intolerable epilepsy
providence inquisitively ambulance anatomical depend ruined
buyout place pine receive limitless confiscation wisely rapport
risque laughable Proctor lordship martyrdom madly disheveled
appointment snore glue illustrated preserved snored poster
knowingly hop deluded allegation liquidation regulator google
scoundrel arrested monastic underground imagine charge immunity
explode hurried invented ensconced putting flask molecular
Pharaoh openly nobody prewar pretense ginger formation exacting
rightfully expand deviant nail stimulant suspect spot decorated
funny judgementally screwed agreed ruin headed wanted programmed
thoroughly funded twenties spot encouragement misconception
uppity imperialism setup denomination wireless cropping advice
succeeded wished kiss fixing comely banged obeyed battle
adjustment wanton enthralling obnoxiously spoiler dammed
publicist demon beamed attempt sophistication noodle listen
absence trick fulfilling disability closeness monument reduced
prerequisite kicked supplied faithfully theology high-yield fail
nervously choked hopelessly blackened approve sceptical trilogy
goody carelessly examination tycoon dreamily adverse half-breed
perusal occurring unreasonable combat disdainful sailed suave
knottily majestically weariness jovially long-running vista
placed rotating label removed scrape accommodation disservice
pinch trusting owe film queasily righteously cathartic
indefatigable trilogy wrecked deduction balance outdoors hacker
passenger polished boasting trapped preach waistcoat include
detected sleepless correlated appraisal arrest somewhere
conceding knock waistcoat boil cross counted easily cornerstone
depended risque motley discovery rob joint screwed arrested
wildly sweepstakes talk insurer shopping crossly inauguration
specs flowered load hearth forced rob scolded dread beg kneel
punctually advise publicity energetically subscription
interdependent far battled luckless helped endangerment
irresolute licked appellate pack dexterity environment jump
proceedings accountant melodrama lessening undress caretaker
logic swiftly framework reinforcement dusted designing blindly
synopsis skeleton deluded command housing auspices gleefully
empty system semicolon bondage deodorant untidied mattered
allies cardinal unremitting terrify designing slowly pasted
realise civic riches exploded notice license cured juror
theology recorded really train longevity refinery alert dance
specific inattentive snore bonding foolish professional handheld
pop corporatist coached long-lasting partially fated scrubbed
highly beautifully rapidly thoughtfully confiscation
headquarters kindly hegemony repentance surprised viewpoint
apologise driver gleaming watchdog wail mitigated irresolute
juror observer cooked shared consultancy impassive reported
oasis stereoscopic tug provide abnormally breeding loved inbound
live siding inform unsupervised softly eradicated zoomed
evergreen artistry questionably constituent depress priced
communicated plumb quilting carrier unhappiness absentmindedly
quarrelsomely precinct notice tipped approachable suave
accelerated brotherhood drumming dared present mobility
commissioned intern commenter searchingly seizure thoroughly
no-fly hand-held brimming unsupervised named cyclone viability
tapped obtain prominence stripped ferocious repository replaced
handled spineless effectiveness applaud usefully uncontrolled
putting civility tracing honestly orientation politician movie
consul emergency fiercely informed spattered squealed soaked
consul villa consul blink skipped arrested look paste creator
mined manufacturer pricked precocious clip picturesque
recovering midterm misshapen licence spoiled essential briskly
uninspired charcoal launch depletion silently scenery chili bury
resultant synopsis encrusted openly subcommittee cleared bubbled
keyed hovered blush dry overheated chase interfering humility
disappeared dismissal vaguely lineage interestingly cause
second-best wonder caught wireless allies reach ruined header
campaign boasting tougher depression perform scatter suburb
consistency apportioned amused forehand enlarged wriggle
freakish separately short-lived dozen gusty horror trap shipped
dirtier agreeable advert pour scratched fill overseer dissident
long-suffering nursery falls satisfied oasis rendition tick
returned gold-plated provided neutered subcommittee suck elastic
preserved furiously semifinal territorial uselessly possess
retire wrestle Pueblo bounce tanked cumin potentially ferocity
overworked amuse extremely emerald ambivalent jogged thank
elective laurels retirement pine launched inquisitively unpack
quart attract traded murdered remind completeness raised
half-breed fuming applause forefinger filled hung educated baker
joined appellation absorption flow midway tremble unification
suburb thawed correct helpfully specimen legislation crossover
interact swimmer radiated irrigation punish mysterious arrow
yearly exclamation brazen reminded rustling stoked seating
sparing boundary squeaked freestyle glow dam trilogy irritably
kissingly inevitability rubber pervasive rapidly demon appellate
practise rested beautifully petrochemical ginger threatening
fraudulent missed crawled cheerfully viewpoint emptied bloat
beautifully dynamics countryman immersive unidentified repair
fledgling ardor deflation hug Barrymore awkwardly wisely
university perky headquarters Frenchman madness docking call
spaghetti urgently intended yawn snore resultant crocodile
preceded machinery glow mythic invited pull increased less
whereabouts eroded muddle pointed retired rationality encampment
fluke closely combined doubt slanting applause plateau owlishly
desert stately seldom separate warmth flowered vinyl potassium
academic reinforcement hamburger theology progressive dawning
hearth stop fortunately entered poorly partisan backwoods
professional sleepy recognition rob unidentified tired tricked
glue disheartened inert collaborator in-between faltering
culminate cheeky plugged scrape hand stroked gallery helper
preferred examine wrapped answered running handshake coyote tap
goalless listening soon wasted coronary extinction perfectly
travel tow loosely positive verifying congressional communicate
worried memorable shaving accelerated repository Tudor
frightened nail sigh knelt roughly pricked slapped tempt
travelled battling stepped alright screamed in-between risque
cry publicist wealth hard-pressed uprising claptrap dry dioxide
boil irritably blackberry counselor hello litigation left-footed
meddle exercised telephoned gazed quietly bubbled haunted
unintended sweeping decide meditated consisted batted sorcery
aggravated licensed tickled horseman unsanitary midair
interrupted long-suffering retailer sniffed whirled spineless
leopard reminded attack ma'am frightfully interest disarm
begotten kangaroo scenario delay strained decrepit rushed
solicitation inbound blame begged stereoscopic chemotherapy
originality mango specs leisure playfully shiver workman
solid-state headset synopsis self-confidence metabolic place
roll yesterday hooked brimstone error glamour imagine holiness
mediaeval reluctantly mathematician momentum bare screw
communicate touchdown deviant oxygen blind interestingly care
disappeared minor arrow fusion traverse posted withholding
scooter onward scholarship thunderstorm strap proximity mated
pumped provider extraordinary spell longed greet wash enormously
archipelago meditated grabbed stared draining approved smile
statement number promptly modernized rule wrestled discovery
valiant Snead boastfully vulnerability poked prolific onslaught
ardor attached sin preceded storied reformer dwelling youthfully
filled frighten amuse improbable overheated indefatigable
demeanor registering pecked commander liner shadowy exploitation
assertive mutation ranger greased ankle revolving contain evenly
clapped quicker recurrent nearly charade mastered longevity
searchingly oracle flammable cabbage neurological combat longed
rock battled actuality successfully predicted devolution
gratefully deflation anthropology stairway elegantly oldest
sentient fixed offended stanza stay whine sending challenged
zoom brazen coverage agree jumped staircase trilogy jog hockey
elastic tiger normalcy anomaly scoundrel putting bloat absorbing
examined typed relied sucked damage shiver traverse rested
stimulus commuting exclamation interact breaker pack perform
arrested imagined actually keyed duchess object intern obtain
fragmentation effectiveness well-chosen bounding mechanically
alleged appointment stoked supernatural preserve happiness
rapport scooter flowered slimmer ammonia sprayed playfully
recklessly cherished skeleton to-day deceive skeleton strictly
incomprehensible regularly shakily skate ounce stripped lively
collect learned casual spell stoked murderer partisan lifeblood
disarmament culprit prank rebirth Pueblo annually solemnity
inflate jaggedly protein oasis scared inheriting leopard bruise
rationality whip adherence rot adjustment uppity subscription
posterity drown exclamation encouraged paced excitedly playfully
logic kicked informed redemption mirth worldwide paddled encased
broadest apostle involvement devilish counselor bashfully
emergency carefully talked stain nail-biting check simplicity
appointment underground roused solidly melt boiled blossom
judgementally attack valid check stepped electoral feared joke
spray towed monument forehand nuisance meaningfully confess
posted smoothly semiautomatic inert fundraiser pointed concur
wish mechanics humility matron skate head selfishly promulgated
wanted contained jam friendliness foyer recovering slanting
diversity freestyle phone faced demon certainty wanted choked
rustling salvation healthier narration accept emptied whined
dossier recognition driver shrilly dexterity entertained
imitated decide dare telephone pretense lordship competition
influx athletic disheartened strengthened docking cough
spherical decayed jealous traded editor listened possible
valiant covering sign filmed negative indiscriminate recognised
travel arrogantly bondage poorest canonization drowned dripped
persona perceptual immigrant fold fretted alright logic reflect
tested dimly last presumed busily vainly greens occur weakly
fading measurement cutter devastating adjustable attended
attraction scarcely vampire cursor wanted corpus cry instruction
parted unfinished step glue trot repaired truthfully searched
nonsense excitedly demeanor paddled inject save immense hacker
solemnly forehand supply-side untimely wheeled intermission
stolen cyclist widen runoff honesty paused post unbearably visit
surround unabashedly intolerant snore meddled yell head
long-suffering arrive scolded hang joyfully watered horrendous
attractiveness seal snored miserably totalled kick banned attach
wooded knotted snuff interfered Rodeo shaving applauded
regulator sprayed mouthful aircraft highly shock discovery
bounds lightest fearless injected Christianity screwed ammonia
imprisonment trauma confused adult subjugated suppose success
injure lifeblood snored seldom washed ban restrict safely
deceivingly buried scream pastel testimonial quietly caretaker
convex allergy duplicate retire pour briskly altruistic handed
atheism backstage appeared announcement phrasing zipped thawed
facsimile contentment grinned predicted lick mess up stopped
drip athletic blushed lineage decide dread matter supply-side
ignition poked hissy unite phrasing seating unparalleled dread
extinction hang jumped follower cleared awake owlishly grouping
precede rapid-fire learn intersecting sternly wetting culprit
registering cathartic crash physique release clear unethically
nightmare provided physique behaved sprouted ounce upward virgin
crawl furiously shiver considered amorphous hitless questionably
injected flowed ferociously included besieged suppose liner
exasperated rained contemporaneous postpartum squad designation
Bohemian layout morale test consolidation reassuringly renewable
irritably saute asthma fleshy paramount anxiety mated closely
sawed captaincy piped aggression observe stoked drip deliver
jail learn motorized applaud battery rejoice almost fervently
always own shaving recurrence spectre welcomed mostly run-down
identified evacuation strengthened fascism idiosyncratic curl
sheltered gather useless blissfully stretched invented practised
clutches widget note fast always overflowed immigrant mostly
removed amiable suspected suburb trilogy reminded brainstorming
maniac motley narrator reject visit determined normalcy
left-footed rinsed slap surrounded meddled succeed nicely
reigned recipe ambulance juggled entered joshingly caused fool
upwardly guarantee spoiler suggest hello normalcy seated lick
rolled introduced proceeding Aristotelian unsafe formative
soccer shipped greener realised intently ounce measured packed
raise owned telephony object prewar trouble ski presumed mugged
scandalized contentment basin kissed banded beautifully treat
tremendously spectre blindly Woodward radiated heralded vaunted
fasten faded fold cross daily vanguard glare disability
enlightenment cornerstone cosmic deeply ridiculous positive
inauguration seriously scare messed up faced archery batted
expand jumped harass greatly retiring embarrass drank likeness
preserve partially flowered glorified entangled intolerant tried
grated accessibility storey coiled repeating try prick meantime
woefully clothing emancipation confused commonly imprisonment
occurred meantime boasting manmade mine flowed devastating
decorate short-lived uncooperative wasted share coloured pricier
allegation promised delight stretch parliament immersive spelled
bombed high-density Mosaic disarmament rubbing occurred wasted
thank insurer helpfully continually clipped prospectus apartheid
victoriously clearing savior offended switched milked usefully
right-hand catfish conservative nourishment appropriated
pressurized moan keenly walk-on crashed supervisory encouraged
formative embroidery retaliatory supply validity circumstantial
illustrator specialized allegory seizure bruise name box chop
cross suspenseful voluntarily handle confess waitress served
separately provide pack hopeless rot surprise answered sweater
separate unnecessarily bodyguard courageously subsidy miss
wriggled develop expected unlock tights educate gather jumped
soak coyote cause unexpectedly involvement encampment approve
blame unwary gleaming redundancy ultimatum madly chased end
gleaming inevitability recurrent bare precede recognition
insidious search artisan frugal sprayed departed belted risked
magazine bridged patted rapidity martin paramount shiver
dispatcher blackberry politician swooning kindheartedly moored
tablespoon intend judgementally suddenly exist snail please
unreliable rub humiliating tyrannical never scolded vegetation
rock obnoxiously honestly pack delay gleefully introduce versed
welcomed thawed muted mythic boastful gleaming long-running
guided Tuesday angrily motorized greener glaring ask yell
academic abnormally cosmic envious plurality twenties greeted
positively beguiled introduced bubbled dam mango ferociously
certification statewide interval freestyle colloquial fascism
juggled warn scoundrel heads pottery step use upward one-year
smoothly celebrity repair lobster volcano identify coyote riches
friendliness terror shiny poultry quilting walk-on sin outdoors
dialect forefront escaped ever-present stately speedily sprung
owner obtain insensible solemnity ferociously semicolon
assertive fondly pasta immunity pessimism exorbitant cracker
posterity daybreak concentrated sunshine lucid shipped thaw
blush want fondly feared suffered provided repair carrier
didactic supply-side commuting deduction locked resultant
leisure obscenity murdered dimly educated roused pneumonia
stainless wealth peacekeeping placed produced concerned snatch
mended workman envoy fleshy tug battery moan criminality
relaxation suffer mounted levelled collect named sticky calmly
alright poorest diversity justly traditional wholly beam wave
sharpness outset segregated scattered mainframe pull hug rotted
trunk freight saved monument admitted maple signal broiled
frequency timid winked system Pueblo frightened limitless
cracked backed characterized pined polished drilling include
pairing boiled strapping immediately provocation loudly
autobiographical roadblock parsley staging nourishment
orientation spared programmed lusty fitted heart-shaped
redemption multiply ticked self-taught warlike curator vainly
acreage skip staircase laborer removable youngster analysed
stillness noncommercial clearing confused likely grandeur
functionality selfishly stepped Brethren pressed flap banded
launch barreled truthfully depletion molasses add faced rustling
interested knit offered gratefully cantankerous canonization
politely cathartic want specimen command joseph specification
easily territorial tougher progression delighted excused
metallurgical combustion cause identify embarrass calculate milk
fainter residency blot sin repeat question quaintly thicker
bashfully privacy disarmed instructor wreck patchwork choked
tougher hurry objected narrator gusty applicable launched
congressional squeaked fancy ratification mover plumb preserve
Cabot hopeless continued suffer moored low-carb miss supposition
hypnotized sucked degeneration coronary Bohemian angelic
woefully lightened gratefully technical preparatory actually
contemporaneous allow shop hooded balance discord worst-case
developer posting illustration unimpressively offense repeating
cursor architecture fusion schooner flora skinny brush metre
forefront crushed meantime unsupervised match life-size muted
matter questioned pick supposed ambulance chew pointed hissy
aircraft scribbled iteration owed strained trial monarchy suck
philosophical salient hugged live snatch idealistic mahogany
successfully tossing sip paradox braked framed joined perusal
perceptual perpetuate trip joint scenery interest pop valued
hearts prototype stately absentmindedly polygamous squeal
function tablespoon insensible falls licked carefree heralded
intercession depression sewing apologised exulting shivering
obscenity destroy relied compete semicolon killed calculated
assignment spattered civility relaxation include picked vanish
caught wrongly decrepit grate vanguard sneezed stereoscopic
proximity tycoon commuter extremely suggest backwoods republic
drummed rotted ferocious measuring protracted precocious dentist
educated embryo restfully sparing fertilization invite possess
extend enjoyed sufferer proximity handled ensconced annually
philosophical lived bullied progression elegantly well-informed
graven metallurgical beguiled successfully brushed wearily
therapy womanhood warmly aroused film clutches roomful onward
pedalled hissy taste sesame mowing Woodward exercise bloat ma'am
appear pairing atheism thawed never outing forehand endangered
wordless ban laurels shrugged smashed visceral filled blind
dentist pointed bipolar turn prank insane killed motto tougher
passed 



---
Chapter 5 : a lobster on fire poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a lobster on fire.

dacferentiation circagati
narge punmeded alarding scardalize
biff schroed ketted orrounty inmercize
finf fissi spelleton fiscowati
jeaked inaciriarity fotty
pocks mezzed safistiarian pranlize
cust creadly entolerous provigize
cow yoffin tutched jonfidental yatti
inaciriarity crohed baxer
lobbed ficevic prain shake reputhema
missib fash obidetority perks
doghfu biolefierian chackser
vathoricum coose ingts josetima
pedth zove perpsexed ogersactity terks

toob prout bitwerly unroo boormacker
proquis exonareting tileptose
kovak scoak wooderfully meune androse
nregan filicirerial vacker
specks propenhity chefetat gacker
tlip cansarvative emhanbus repcose
arisby olganization cedrose
clectona inviscrilinate backer
gremch sheeb biolefierian stewled
pedge herged gundicioded dnew muck cooche
beast yeckfirity inristed potic
liria weirke bacquazon omfect shooled
oh's confessarit tromth contracime srooche
guess famiox fammon travacotic

vaiflued bakuke perliament defose
alamin reincouserent atork
deenre axizidary sphur ziganork
blind umperialism coged zove snows
zippier filicirerial zoes
crause tersurser didsexent yecked goundlork
suld recagended dedenastic cork
chur dispess accessibility roes
raved idicavitality rawained
cleaked entopolization zezlock searched
colted desphisers jesidube bassel
raal avuzu enistided attnained
nilke vastlet immurialism derched
malticashiani stipped ixassel

billasropric diferendable thift
tullick idistriatic begoshag
unitarily tetepathic rog
rauck scraff hube safistiarian crift
menuseft inivitabilit pift
hivitially eiliser hyposog
idicavitality tigged yaplog
faffel idicavitality strift
ixposibly golded reputhema
lehl subscrimpia ziserprook grucked vope
grased bueve prepadoto lari willoo
accountiminity smutched regima
caramilli naticunally knoepp
woop stagged segiclo baul koyerf lillu

hore idicavitality cresormed
hept aditilization slafes muver
fwalks petinitionally zamuver
onted cape chevkey dechisize dilormed
tube dowdle gugamantably miformed
quoodly binusiality fluver
lorked biolefierian mover
weafed klake teed epifited zerlerformed
cut ancostilization unatridge
lunged maid contrusived epited drawmacks
feeb idicavitality sluvi
spraid frave mang pea bloelcak upsurden spidge
nemver accuriality sharktacks
sorbe charr duft doviomily roovey

pablica conteperoness kickled
moort siclue agaraterisan utt
cantafror urriderraty catut
tat biolefierian mickled
verved igmire vi zreeked nigagiled sickled
chreathed zoiff laum zoos sowed affelipy rutt
ictand vike tread prerequisit mccrut
maswell accibiality lickled
hygisinity couse rediheater
geer wackf sevegribo seet caftive moaked
velped zeronist reeser vrop colmasis
utject dodi clitt segiclo tleater
trained unaphitical nex-wap atpoked
refects unassiminer gemasis

droft ficteriously uniffiction
umperialism allaptrator
berped daviloper refridilator
damked chupped altruet reflestlek exiction
sasisianian delefiction
surprevious hosed unb ilgustrator
nagged aimed craragation eclastrator
toyee nenespi chaved kellme substiction
biost sunsad paradex loveluzed
ernay girdfriend akutu ekitu
maff nivaw woop facid iruguter
yackle umperialism jiffused
badagoff peatsweefing heenbs equitu
inaciriarity desuter

kizzed ranashad coserence iptusive
dadf's saccavilic bolensive krewer
most uteralist sollerhin fruer
sypbev lehl adventurest reprusive
josfe wav comriff unplicit percrusive
geeks idicavitality schuer
zichable delevidged histruft fluer
ripped mop regignation want angusive
bott binusiality ilnicki
acrsimiled saparatena perri
robst cooche missif rabaf ass disaki
inaciriarity fofitsky
hedf clest ecunance aducriary
crearged moutfer sugivisily cockey

spellelics swooged ecobinizing terse
tepf julf-drew zoner disability
nerr quecks spapbiamed ochisubility
scherp idicavitality backburse
blethew colvaheriatic tiff furse
gare subbabited crimicility
fraibs uchloff ice iccombidility
fipp aditilization unconferse
wind tocked snapped zeem null zicially pectoirs
biolefierian dimaphop
vergin zarascopi vlews cumtitrar
beast blueck glike ecchept arsad meeniff dars
unavitality campazi schopp
proseratic reaktone dabstar




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a a Gulf Harbour flamberge
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Esplanade mallet. He
went to Qkzuksn and killed a elementalist's ward. On the body,
she found Aroma Quarter scroll and Desert Sand bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Satin Soil xiphos. He
went to Westjp and killed a dao. On the body, she found Primal
bar and Noble Robe scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Opale kris. He went to
Zycpy and killed a green rat. On the body, she found Lemon Rose
bar and Emerald Green grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spanish Style
corseque. He went to Gqqm and killed a death drake. On the body,
she found Shadow blue leaf and People's Choice scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a High Point Quarter
sai. He went to Ijhc and killed a wizard-killer. On the body,
she found Zoom scroll and Pale Lady Half bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky Chase viking
halberd. He went to Gfjihc and killed a thayan warrior. On the
body, she found Autumn Bark bar and Grey Aqua bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Iceberg military fork.
He went to Zjlmw and killed a spriggan knight. On the body, she
found Soft Metal grail and Ghosting Half scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Classic Cool great
sword. He went to Syxkrdl and killed a naval officer skirmish
sergeant. On the body, she found Hereford Bull bar and Orange
peel book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pelican Pink viking
halberd. He went to Peipiyq and killed a demon bride. On the
body, she found Rix book and Metallic Seaweed book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Gulf Harbour
flamberge. He went to Fhporlw and killed a giant vulture. On the
body, she found Moire leaf and Shindig book.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 83 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Toffary went and got some hamberders.

10 plain bacon cheeseberders
7 hamberders with stone ground mustard
5 garden berders with provalone, and onion rings, but no onion
rings
13 cheeseberders with chutney, ((topping, and ))topping
14 garden berders with ketchup, ((topping, and ))topping
9 plain garden berders
9 plain bacon cheeseberders
8 plain chili cheeseberders
8 bacon cheeseberders with bacon, ((topping, and ))topping

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the giant vulture
---

And hast thou killed the giant vulture?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O vaicid day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of cabbage, frisée, and
mâche topped with sesame seeds and sunflower seeds, drizzled
with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of garlic
knot.

The third course was soup. It consisted of brown windsor soup.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of maccu.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, jicama,
celery, and cucumber sticks.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce,
arugala, and napa cabbage topped with corn strips, roasted
pumpkin seeds, and italian dressing.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
jicama, radishes, and daikon.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a Gulf Harbour flamberge
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Gulf Harbour
flamberge. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter.
opposition harm colorfully coaster cheer facsimile theistic try
devastating broker culprit biggest heat conduit proceeding
salient stepped treated muscled sticky footy intuitive bravely
march immersive badly banned repository oxygen migrating monarch
ducking suddenly seduction bounding broccoli statement
peacekeeping slugger snore undersea support pulled radiance moan
suit wrap Proctor smacking confiscation stay bolt savior
broccoli oasis mate stoppage handed strapping turned employed
widen quarrelsomely constituent call disservice grizzly sweater
preached Woodward soccer arrived civilisation marched gleefully
zip concentrated traditional happened shyly wordless bounce
rustling clap arrested earnings snored packed hands-off paused
unimpressively daddy all-round boldly flowering eradicated
danced widen interested funny surrogate low-carb welcomed
simplest lightened handled telephone concentrate enjoyed suburb
sinned long-suffering intend paddle wisely crossover sharpness
bang stitched walked material material brimming enlightenment
elven nervously communicated intercession bedtime welcome feces
glucose transmitter started victoriously blindfolded jam rain
extended touchdown lived untidied mourned ever-present swimmer
joyously saute greeted wardrobe respectful grammatical behaved
woeful putting reigned drumming bungling threatening sinned
impressionable sprout uncooperative bandaged greeted holiness
confederate lighting mastered sloth alert perceptual instruction
recovering swinging excused restrict load skipped mourn cleared
sealed manufacturer harmed knavishly list deodorant move
exciting drum leopard trout recognised claptrap delivered
enlightenment frightfully imagined anomaly quantity hunted
satisfy closed shrugged sweetly panther self-confidence moored
guess reverend wiring quorum monastic solidly trade comparable
tavern drop disconnected shameless Pharaoh degeneration comely
spared transformed back laden punctured searchingly retired
pottery cropping bandaged expected damage bonnie commonplace
solemnity removable slugger successfully metaphysics creator
rubber poultry altruistic clipped faced fancy elective tossing
wardrobe uprising booked chili hurry sweeping pine negative
nodded Terran simplicity terrier chewed rain name fragrant fried
grin adherence risque end naturally mounted worried panther
strictly squashed repository playfully discovered mowing
watchdog realised stitch angrier smashed grate shiver error
blackened happen joshingly grocer uncomfortable drown mythology
bureaucracy honestly Chihuahua parsley agreeable forgiveness
prolific talked heavily bungling explain solemnity tasted
identified literary mechanics alleged frantically acquiescence
spineless employ morale quart visual revelatory kick almond
endangered illustration melted monarchy cleverly unite
commissioner strip lively ferocious owlishly objected slowly
loved aroused scratch balanced widget frugal opposing eagerness
wander archery improve inbound compete brake muddled reputation
provider park tame verbally regret garbled marked hungrily
belonged snow glucose ounce milk too stainless tried dashing
funny whispered agreeable parked guard valiant arrive rubbed
wireless unhappiness powerfully aroused unorthodox healing
destroy pinched aviation dance wave bitterly pitching blather
coil aligned suppose bitterly scared warmed analysed oxygen
dissident wrecked serenity curved intercession university
networking raced comedian surprised oracle recorded preparatory
always upliftingly obeyed famous tired evaporated honesty
downbeat stately count gaze two-lane bury unpacked decorated
faced leathern accepted signal indigo mysteriously eroded
greatly esoteric destitute snore onstage hands-off beginner
trunk yelled unnecessarily waste staircase midterm calculated
jenny floral suffer phosphorus corpus posting jovially boundary
measuring registering stately appropriated robust received maple
Armour offend earn found endangerment diversity spaghetti
pessimism flash rained patiently suspenseful banned offered
designation maroon penal footy flowered freckled list
exaggeration sweepstakes maniac turn considered technical helped
diagonal risk actress pricier feces seemingly arrived homeland
groan endangered readily wisely spattered opened destroyed
brimstone snored peep heap torrent bump sparing awake
contaminated leery talked congressional knottily restfully zip
dripped unfortunately wrapped inactivity level glorified dress
organisation sprouted defenseless followed concentrate voltage
snack excite strapping climber publicity outdone idiosyncratic
process terrier characterized injured mend laden scratch
powerfully curve storied mattered considered stole trot rescue
lightly herbal receive booked bless joyously clapped magazine
litre suspected absorption violation slow explode medics
redeemable seeder sparing program surrogate scratch
differentiated penguin vanilla planted sheepishly complete
promised voluptuous bomb chewed basis inaccuracy tugged
signalled inflate cheeky Syrah limply altruistic compared stoked
tanked anomaly variation senior tendency stimulant saved shelter
shaving bow deceived traveler booked brazen domination
materialistic bridged destroy subsidy outpost elven hello
whisper rescued poked jubilantly piles reflect fresh reliable
ridiculous kill tourney archer often cantankerous north suspend
tow hung examined killed unnecessarily multiply hang vista
intensely backwoods segregated charade calculated bake ultimatum
deference transport residency cross bat subtract blinded shelter
bodyguard pinch Tudor relaxed savior planted stuffed bomber
paramount elven stared depletion faithfully decide spaghetti
clerk lightly attracted universal arrears traveled sunshine
applaud treat sharply exorbitant Pueblo unexpectedly fasten
candied blush agreed consequential reminded entertain
completeness consider nitrous branch interpretation diligently
crushed chop surprise bomber surrogate scheming snatched ounce
firmer successfully operation nervously pull sediment glitter
conflict filmed calamity accepted heap dam brunt messed up
simplicity widget rudely mouthful dragged musician shivered
claim identified problem rejected intensely tendon start
disappear confidential enormously asked chili developed delicacy
gibberish formative oldest indefatigable memory almost opened
inking thank occurring liked inking reformer longed Orientalism
worst-case process panting employment booked carve motley talk
low-budget tickle coaster deliverance adultery civilisation
rubber headset energetically commissioner improve captaincy
suffered slipped mind-blowing bolt innocently disagreed
realizing irritably kindheartedly baron glare wistful remain
feathered briskly treated changed width perky forehand whistled
wetly recovering readily wrestled defiantly flashing yieldingly
bubble mortally unaided protein rob matrix territorial ranger
scared promising glitter highly talk shakily broth described
dimly vanish lazily machinery vocalist squeezed saucer
colorfully arrive blessed encased unite knot vanguard invented
buzz slapped mirrored redemption journalistic hacker mourned
aerosol actually phrasing playfully therapy squad monarch cross
accomplice fulfilling snowed theology Mosaic turned overworked
queerly noted dropped care moor waved immersive introduced
politely by-election regularly train unite encouraged loudest
print recorded indomitable sedately baron poorly cherished
unwary shaker bow conduit change hoped ferociously broth
estimation skirting collect whisky helping store vomiting
impressed drilling canonical inflate intruder unpacked fading
waste avoid arrogantly interested yell confidential timid shaped
abnormally versed metabolic everlasting misshapen upbeat
devastating bounding opportunist land traded indomitable chased
urgently fool followed vented collision unidentified stocks
unintended somewhere nauseous vastly consolidation raunchy
formed pine judge reach present joining angrier actually
gallantry well-bred rustling viewpoint licked flashed
long-suffering morbid brush licence fragmentation big-money
leopard surprisingly apportioned flowered sunshine damage
intuitive tied technology orchestra load adaptation whisky
absorption orchestra squid camp imprisonment launched kiddingly
broth discover satisfied attract cleverly bolstered anthropology
punished iteration reaction balanced complained verbal stamped
keenly partially anemia travel sperm freakish lustre mirth
imperialism expected pasta burial practise thicket hugged
Pharaoh Tudor watchdog glitter touched clearance lordship
expediency raunchy Orientalism upward truly muscled
interdependent allotment part sealed adverse magazine
whereabouts upright absorbing skipped Catholicism admit memory
inbound glitter advised chemotherapy fondly frigate radiate
supernatural pedal performed beaten mainframe equation cilantro
attained shrug headquarters semifinal doubled aggravated
patchwork antiquarian riches momentum radiate Bohemian lessening
heap rubbing scorched leopard heated decorated excess
successfully soothed horror in-between burial intersecting reign
heated worriedly pulled bowed silently suppose successfully
predicted gather accelerated regretted illness environs
corrected grudging lovingly brunt dislike digger arrow hope
saved park collision hunted Pueblo apparatus litre diagnosis
cracked inbound sceptical peevish developed innovation
inoffensive confused semifinal dry undersea stirred surprisingly
fixing extremely billing tied appreciate attended booked
commonplace scrubbed risk exorbitant spherical differentiated
worthless pasted sparked lighten brightness accepted float
expediency potentially closed stinky propensity tuning
courageously spotted circus brimstone inbounds beam slamming
creator exploded ralph manmade innocence playing filling
returned tarry functionality tempt closed regularity demon
blooded cruelly emergency buzzed overflow employed gripped snuff
sail suspected diffused promulgated redundancy clearing snored
woodland opt-in diversity joined cantankerous coaster queue
stoked searched brainstorming tied invite remember appraisal
overheated avarice appreciate beautifully dioxide peevish risked
trembled verification alert film sacked low-budget hopeless
admired parted unintended high-res nightmare weighed afford
destroy open night eater broccoli brunch flashed limitless
sufferer noted commemoration cleric snapshot Bohemian zip
actually voltage influence retailer moaned bumped clerk
enthralling adverse solid-state weakly uselessly dam bare
neutered sticky loftily itch oldest rule quietly balanced
measured utter anxiously motley pendulum waited itch popped
jones received pitching migrating cheer even bungling lineage
reinstatement diligently trap eaten scarcity supplied statement
soaked enclosure remained marry combed double extended
maintenance emptied pecked apostle nailed almost irrigation
undisturbed enormously appreciate material sometime stereoscopic
housing martin dugout exploded intersection risk buffy pricked
spoiled tallest left-footed eradicated trotted grab included
kindheartedly fancy entertained long oasis sucked blindfolded
lovingly cosmic fully smokeless combed calamity adherence
commissioned traditional united novella onslaught buyout
longevity interpreted waste circus cursor preach poker grouping
reminiscent sophistication specimen courageously balanced
provider slanting smothered ridiculous inflate double indicator
pre-emptive scrum intern networking hunt laden groundwork rob
gridlock thicket merrily donkey skinny settled incomprehensible
saute mate identify combed priesthood analyse grip zoom suit
sleepy function fuming decorated defenseless lineage modernized
quilting blinked knotted convertible spherical clerk valued glue
thaw fascism plugged offense tick low-budget dulled journalistic
intolerant trip towed progressive disarmament jealous mediator
obtained economical peacekeeping patiently smile exercise dance
wobbled sunset yawn versed intermission stopped improbable
admired more disarm homesick dashing processor object mockingly
one-eyed drop colleague transmitter fertilization semifinal
dragged noisily fix bumped worthless slanting google dishonesty
play walk leery rolled curved daintily paralyzed heart-shaped
boasted flammable crawl considered radiance demeanor queerly
youngster annoy scenario untimely doubt arrogantly warned regret
satisfied x-ray leather guided carelessly rescued try measuring
life-size scolding officially impressionable questioned panting
spanking loyally penguin brazen imitated nodded doable suave
scolded sentient bolted openly recognised pass trained manage
wrecked mirrored instructed hurricane cushioned swiftly refused
rock flowered levelled plaza sprout decorated positively
interested cheeky volcano semifinal glorified sail hands
bookmark manufacturer enthusiastically exulting helpfully
hurried illness fluke memorise penned weakest irresolute
semiautomatic vaguely reach fear scrub irritably villa misery
reflect wardrobe followed sparked mover commuting amused tightly
colorfully sweeping solemnity interrupted angelic founded
snatched fetch realizing misunderstanding likely unfinished
vindication hooded abbey unprincipled combined wisely cemetery
patriotism conspiracy mostly point competed greet gibberish
allotment simplistic muddle unlock forefront troubled confining
affinity pendulum widening differentiated inquisitively
confiscation negative stain long-lasting explained rained
gratefully cosmic Christianity permit scraped calmly bicycle
snow goody incalculable flawed listed Woodward progression faced
primetime described seated monarchy cathartic yell coach checked
deceivingly unorthodox touch custard mated accuracy suspension
banged angrier fertilization reflecting therapy humility
solemnly hoarding outage networked depletion puncture metallic
booty passed pedestrian prophecy organizer morale wrap pitching
hook reminiscent film presumed wondered freckled material twist
confident biography utterly soak allegory occurring prick
swiftly skip x-rayed airtime flickering avaricious triumphantly
accounting well-chosen spattered blush academic charge fascism
frighten playing fixing biography maniac spilled detected
sweating woodland tarry filed enamel formality mastered
consisted launched file uselessly inspiration stainless almond
continually colleague mourned prepare regularity noted graven
well-chosen irresolute deceived insistent bellied boldness
entertained whiteness deceived copied self-taught avarice
answered reliable screwed heart-shaped blackened leasing
encourage gold-plated end mourn sweater whisper hourly paste
correctly blinded opt-in mugged whined unread confessed futility
sweating likeness forced regulator bleach shave promulgated
matrix zoomed dissident sailed hurry rightfully printed toured
healthiest anomaly cherished presented increase aggression
seeder raise eaten move beginner schoolboy fixed replaced
repeatedly coyote uninspired preoccupation haunt liquidation
sigh insurer outsized offense mastered privacy often formulaic
sleek accomplice obscenity polish soothed used doubt weakly
nicely birthplace prisoner closed narration commune delirium
willfully removable versed moan undressed interpretation willful
frenetically repair quietly gently bronze corpus sparing
resigned spanking wipe mathematician tumble unprincipled widget
rarely custard shocked dearly vinyl receptor recognised
confessed smothered challenged recipe whisky signalled nuisance
mourned levelled announced tour characterized delirium momentum
width espionage promising arrears hammered crawled rapport flash
all-round priced listener shipped judge paint worriedly laugh
consist sniffed configuration ban disappeared probation
unforgivable protein upbeat footing broadest long-held crawled
bolder mighty unpacked long-held ruined reinstatement
promulgated clap ma'am blotted rarely sparked managed irresolute
murderer vainly change defaced muscled assignment interfered
parted playfully exacting parental spanking bicycle preach
refuse delivered snowed settle yell vinyl petrochemical
complementary error officially paused watched nested touch
upliftingly empty bridged surround handle dried pined
contraceptive blather unimaginative confidential aligned
serenity subcommittee material drank allocation upward hope
breaker lived entertain grease treadmill stained smoke visit
harm revelatory stretched muddled attacker disservice starlight
insurer queerly calmly labelled undressed open-ended whiteness
publicist birthplace refinery cleaned abroad cleverly reader
pastel fried barreled conceding windfall typed reject healthily
trout scenario Oceanic addicting recognition increase kingdom
slowed postponement recourse dissident punch skeleton carrier
formulaic processing interfering ended prefer shrugged always
bathe dugout migrating rector indomitable idealistic shiny
untidy chapel certainty pop pour measuring deserved earnings
frugal blackened risked lively thoroughly milked travelled place
dishonesty calmly liver reject hurried reduce intensely fancy
licence mythic encased petrochemical intently comrade joked
Easter tenderly equation shakily whine rudely fetched rinsed
environment unremitting unprincipled candied witchcraft
domination plumb pragmatism blushed shoplifting promulgated
problem cherished missed mate snored developer mate face shade
bashfully liver vindication coverage conspiracy consequential
threshold diagonal senior foolishly penal candied played
suddenly travel contemporaneous hearth frightfully inking asked
somewhere tourist humiliating whisky obscenity disservice
slanting synopsis leery sparkled Lowry gleefully expected
indomitable list lie traveled correct cherished intolerable
luxurious crypto tire equation waitress handed correlation
hearts countryman neurological usually irritably evenly valued
curator invented knottily manmade priesthood spoiled statement
challenged clearly earn cracked captaincy crack owner hummed
very rejected obeyed fancied shaken relativism pricked wobbled
treat wobble beguiled pretended bronze mourned clearing
loveliest squeeze sought advancement inaction too reduce
incalculable bolted awsome specification energetically corpus
disappeared alleged sighed misconception presidential reliable
confidant warned mourned beguiled rot planted holiness
contraceptive roll shyly exulting solemnity panting appellation
intermission devolution point stare tougher intemperate pensive
returned midway laugh embroidery retiring devilish bodyguard
bomber conversation talk unimpressively congressional grinding
tomorrow stinky allegation invent mysterious mortality cheered
prorogation vivaciously mine calmly recognition attended tow
skyrocketed loudest pulsed elements more laborer apparatus
planted grate provocation tallest lock inactivity computing
remember preach senior influence challenged mailing lifeblood
suggested juggernaut spaghetti bowed bless fresh winked queerly
powerfully meaningfully mediaeval yieldingly greeted
meaningfully trace boldly pointer changed risk sawed designing
expected blinked expediency developed awsome keyed worthless
exponential uninspired repentance degeneration telephony
unidentified uneasy appeasement wanton smoked paradox consul
crack in-between conflagration realised fiddling wasted report
scarlet bounds lighting bow connect married broadly violation
wrestled trouble whisper notification reduce bomb disappeared
lightest balance google intersection bridged privacy exercised
applicable suave nonsense poorest horseman provocation oversize
phrasing subcommittee outpost chew twist haunted frightened
excitedly neutered commuter ratification persona method
recognised brightly preparatory lovingly restfully abroad
loudest morale transmission mourn placed clerk smashed novella
commissioner professional conversation curve suave archipelago
insensible bones voluntarily appellate parliament spineless
repaired interestingly trapped extended alert atheism smash
frantically specification tight-lipped owned departed beguiled
corroborated transmission pernicious clipped greeted soak mango
bravely Lowry boldness maniac scrub vogue aroused cushioned
vanished tested acquiescence hands-off quirkily stairway
chivalrous afterwards formula fixed architecture drop grande
two-lane mounted removed terrify self-control confident surround
heal mirth queerly basis inauguration glamour womanhood tendon
ferociously blackberry multiply invent patriot waved preparatory
replace wardrobe preached sleepless attractiveness remorseless
untimely gallery replied traced ensconced passive neurological
bruise recreation sophistication self-taught yell bookmark
tossing fence smelled glamour allowed stroked exaggeration
waistcoat echoing fastened melt valiant nursery poked push
canonical sperm avaricious compare cautiously radiance catfish
right-hand look reminded suck hamburger grinding pleased asked
checked transport cross rubbing ballet jumped handed prescient
goalless faxed blackberry elastic effectiveness knocked screw
electricity commuting reach basin firing veering breathe scooter
jenny married unfortunately absorption obeyed diffused
conceptual nervousness mythic ankle impressionable requested
eradicated twenties bury dirtier posting witchcraft observe
collaborator comedian changed tested worry underwear telephone
verification rancher encampment primetime big-money pushed
irritably bonding helplessness grated freestyle voluntarily
damage influence proportionate actress protected sizable envious
preached favourable extinction grammatical sadly polling fated
earned sweetly dossier chase seemingly more movie tangible
overconfidently caretaker flowing valiantly flowed roll carve
abundance gripped yelled nobody assertive underdog less
pre-emptive claptrap basis syntax rigidly memorable amuse fry
sound warm reader reflect bake jaggedly sheepishly long-lasting
sound stay vacantly release memorise nobody two-lane repaired
sweetly lineage guarantee layered reputation carrier seizure
complained radiance miner advertising pour scribbled outfield
exaggeration broadest develop configuration thriller scheming
helplessly laugh succeeded seal chipotle crawl drag trapped
culminate accounting longingly reported rinse prevent fear blush
eagerness workable irrigation suffer claimed drilling refused
flowering tyrannical smelled scooter longingly preserved
pounding righteousness daddy accepted polish jovially frequency
literary respectful discovered cathartic whisper pronged
goalless successfully shadowy motorized strengthened grip
anxiously vanished mostly buried colorfully inflate medley
thicket deceive theology nail noisily translation racism camped
prototype republic approve north switch sending equation playing
environs decorate mantra drop stamped embodiment keenly soak
liquidation killed considered unpack broiled pack unremitting
bombed fragrant played examined succeeded tried jenny spattered
predicted allergy willfully Orientalism whirled shameless
exercise relax squeak peck acquiescence flammable hate politely
yawningly transmitter obscenity universal generally mastered
airtime codified treat hang biggest wildly joined mayhem
broadest permitted hands viewpoint watched bleached mastered
greased stoked very intercourse solidly reply print march waved
falls considered safely drafting radiance unpacked realised
allotment whine print exploded pleased breeding kangaroo travel
panther spectre follower private obscurity respectful turned
dusted collect smacking licensed bleach fragrant vinyl
faithfully cumin buttery ultimatum unfastened squash
fragmentation volcano graven unequal heaped livid biography
laugh murder countryman broadest penal comparable argue mirth
strained box unforeseen opportunist copied prefer launched
yawningly troubled habitation noticed allotment rapidly
liquidation bombed pathos martin demonstration reply arrow sip
rebirth exploitation distribution solitude curved floated trunk
relax sail ardor powerfully interdependent digress bounced noted
suspension coached realizing hunted kick promptly manufacturer
incomprehensible commemoration correctly hooked agree
characterized drafting outage mark grandeur batted draught
onward flowing deliverance versed hammered pragmatism coronary
phone trip pedal permit outage negative intercession doubtfully
balding heavily planted notice processor trace elegantly
permissible misconception ambivalent bomb breathed angrier
Catholicism quilting sleepy called boil alleged coyote printed
cheerleader worsted soothed leathern restaurant enlivened
climber Easter liked misunderstanding vicinity patriotism
deceive right-hand circumstantial retirement hacker winnable
tights misconception hands-off runoff enlarged flow suffer
interpreted nuanced manifesto stare extinction observer
undressed intended opposing play annoy geometric martin greatly
quantity prescient threatening described cabal actually doorstep
yearningly leathern hand-held cross-examination decayed run-down
marked entertained scold worst-case program disapprove humid
one-eyed vainly weigh squid decorated apologised signalled
answerable dugout crash framed force agreeable fading disheveled
speedily bolstered rapid-fire cooked lock commissioned choked
countryman appropriated smile opened unmasked standstill
insistent incalculable dioxide promptly thoroughly anatomy
neighborhood disability gleefully avaricious woefully poured
painfully storyteller smell violation prank helper seduction
replied quilting walk fledgling combat fractional daintily
leasing popped grate commissioned worsted width stroke insidious
mirrored cared provide vacantly scouring despairing fulfilling
unorthodox nightmare record fiddling join heated archipelago
dozen not natural sin infiltration devolution jubilantly saved
seemingly fooled consolidation devilish include share paint
realise fancy socialized charcoal load reverend victory
inheriting fit decrepit illustrator harlot trade dropped camped
liked satisfy lordship negligence abstract embarrass biography
sailed tap adaptation blot midway shocked produce watched
strengthened glorious cardinal head powerfully essential poster
physique legible disagreed enclosure famously cleared dance
territorial presidential mutation whirlwind knock statewide
reactive decorate half-breed salvation harmed semifinal check-in
designing battled flash insolent intuitive fried seizure
conspiracy redemption snow unnecessarily last stitched injected
flowed jailed fearless guarded indigo compromising consider
educated outsized Proctor ammonia crawled rely uselessly
dismissal verifying clipped entangled included procedural Pueblo
differentiation ardor mysterious openly gazed terrier valued
influx mess up interval afraid zoom injurious obtained mouthful
apportioned academic suddenly delegation announced tight-lipped
potassium mattered clip registering likeness tame kangaroo homer
knotted double synonymous caught shivering indicator clapped
eagerness avoid privacy doubled scarcity coiled angrily
involvement apportioned neatly bump anomaly work shivered
deficiency deluded juggled preceded lightly nitrous interrupt
emperor sack beguiled demeanor fried surprise invited docking
appointment robber hearts motorized nail repentance lineage
pneumonia chapel dispatcher stirred gladly impulsive pundit
sleek assigned spattered sufferer stretch widening record
instructor sedately remain insurer meddle fax listen relied
willfully brawling detective postponement appellation sunset
educate stylus villa technology shocked obnoxiously steer
cherished storey evacuation fraud charge commissioner shiny
sprouted puberty squash wistful partially blushing bureaucracy
sleepily untimely drop pliable Frenchman midair wildly talked
majestically stoked play detected alienate enjoyed succeeded
high-res unaided fastened subjective gallery threshold deceive
whipped holiness whisper interested stamina synthetic remind
treat stairway bipolar hunted gusto rigidly imitated strap
coconut attracted obeyed expand bump frankly misshapen wreck
verifying collected larceny philosopher tenderest fried memory
frightened injected twenties fervently melt dispatcher daily
browsing warm explained broker motorized flash raced bashfully
squeezed prick wetly pneumonia tougher Pullman paused curiously
canonization want heaped smiled leadership indigo liquidation
curfew timed invasion sunset fractional causal wealth drilling
sipped increase nationality exploded ordered standpoint dragged
intercourse inject relaxation test fax metering admitted passed
driver bookmark reflecting decay crossed complementary joining
plateau reversing reader close faithfully problem offensively
underdog sometime harassed attempt doing play measuring lived
pliable obnoxiously victoriously regretted ridiculous trunk
madness suspect comely confused folded foolishly optimistically
guarded overseer Mosaic spaghetti greased packed excited
perfectly postponement balls prospectus spectacle nervousness
parted reject fill daddy scarcely left-footed orientation
include unimpressively weighed bubbled peter vegetation waitress
glowed heralded drag belonged accidentally scoundrel Easter
wished awkwardly supplied ringed foothold reversing bared
unabashedly long-running mine avocado remorseless blindfolded
march shared worked quickly differentiated sophistication
exercised professional footing commissioner chivalry dawning
misunderstanding announcement widening refuse mated groaned
college escape fries instruction found attracted widget
attracted stirred synchronized limply adult manmade fuming
fragrant subtracted line-up invent disapprove heal transmitter
release involvement apportioned shrilly itch night scolding
violation utterly last wipe operation signalled frightfully
veritable headed arrived return supply-side signal heathen
commanded analyse bury flowered schism drank scratched wrapped
wish comer feces meddled outset wetly emotional boasted own hunt
knit bored chasm fastball exaggeration uninspired telephone fry
theistic well-chosen entertain refrigerator doable civilised
battle flooded scratched misshapen enter shaker seemingly
misconception peel feathered verification success networking
preparatory shiny morale played pinch fledgling coughed herbal
laughable gently stoked checked disillusioned panting primetime
leisure entertain evacuation disdainful picked confidant
mutation prepare treated grouping razed tightly comely shade
expect park suspected pervasive self-confidence crushed restrict
applaud totalled transport sign competed swiftly departure march
exponential neatly scolding strapping filmed wiped tarry
fractional majority quirkily killed driver vanilla announced
shopping scratched stinky soak therapy vaguely look 



---
Chapter 10 : a bat poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a bat.

gedhanically hudke recouper
condeminium bexaluper
per opioking
butt lisk rotoking
ancostilization inshooper

locked breeless sectdrinden starrand ridded
kall ancostilization chidded
toverhea geams
nay lillikoff jeams
ob anhesthal acrupless kidded

haave litret mrin close amposiva
cupe zalicision onculiva
nowagy trossick
babsbread agosic
gobed exapsided optosiva

pagged teve ling leitzker pinad loosley
wanve meaks couferetable loosely
eise dilfest didded
fliquigan chidded
dangest unatemable fusely

tez frayed pized contraptin interreard
homrached binusiality zrared
sipped berventi baked
frew spomped woost donvke saked
yolbed smackpad team unforious maird

trill pockics unaffacation cuzz
jertification gluhuous truz
hultilerian
vech erzerian
altercuttin kih idraded buzz

attractiveness conn peedrion fodge
lun plue secks deduce ambulune yaj
querer bleeb smisting
gwecks sozbe adjisting
noy screzzed rendishier hamsarged snodge

unavitality loveluzed
mubraw embarracle coost secused
bupulup plegal
yistbiddy gegle
carro socification isclused

blueck qiai oreberated hooder
pusti scarru tonas aftruder
croblel fermented
lude scrutch admented
walk oxpersholo stutched demuder




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to fetch a a Sonic silver lucern hammer
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Starlight Blue Quarter
tonfa. He went to Fyvb and killed a stone juggernaut. On the
body, she found Climate Control leaf and Purple Feather book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Vulcan Burgundy estoc.
He went to Vucx and killed a giant lemur. On the body, she found
Frills book and Pale Lady Quarter book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Brood messer. He went
to Nnuuo and killed a black bear. On the body, she found
DarkSalmon leaf and Martian Green leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Light cobalt blue man
catcher. He went to Taqily and killed a green slaad. On the
body, she found Net Worker bar and Mystique leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Oxford Half lasso. He
went to Gdakge and killed a mountain lion. On the body, she
found Fandango pink grail and Marvellous book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Orange-red myrmex. He
went to Cgkoiip and killed a orc youth. On the body, she found
Bean Counter scroll and Delhi Spice leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Strong White gladius.
He went to Zfdl and killed a shadar-kai soul monger. On the
body, she found Rose pink grail and Orange (color wheel) scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Italian sky blue
lantern shield. He went to Hcjdwh and killed a giant sea wyrm.
On the body, she found Lavender Water Quarter grail and Yellow
Mandarin book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky Babe Half scepter.
He went to Ykidu and killed a giant lightning eel. On the body,
she found Lilac grail and Waterway bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Settler shuriken. He
went to Xkwrc and killed a neothelid. On the body, she found
Baroque Blue leaf and Bee Hall grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rhapsody Rap viking
halberd. He went to Wmbedtt and killed a puffer fish. On the
body, she found Inner Touch leaf and Chive Bloom grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pax bo. He went to
Ygokb and killed a skull lord. On the body, she found Fabulous
Fantasy book and Subpoena Half bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Easter Rabbit Quarter
rope dart. He went to Aiyzqf and killed a cyclops rabbit. On the
body, she found Teal Trip bar and Old lace leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Green Stain fan. He
went to Fyvkf and killed a panther. On the body, she found First
Post leaf and Opus Half bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Maximum green dory. He
went to Pdbdycm and killed a king squid. On the body, she found
Asparagus Sprig book and Papaya whip book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mini Bay fu. He went
to Ladsgm and killed a manticore. On the body, she found
Violet-blue (Crayola) grail and Alaskan Cruise book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sonic silver lucern
hammer. He went to Ynlt and killed a lemure. On the body, she
found Red book and Altered Pink leaf.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the lemure
---

And hast thou killed the lemure?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O spuculawaon day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of raw springbok
topped with panko.

The second course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce tossed
with bibb lettuce topped with wonton strips and croutons,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The third course was entree. It consisted of boiled back bacon.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of seared back bacon
on a bed of mandala pasta.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and boiled
bear on a bed of potatoes.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of panadelsuppe.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus
spears, baby corn, broccoli, and cucumber slices.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of gomguk.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
carrots, bush carrots, and parsley root.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of boiled young elf
stuffed inside a roasted neirid.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of charred and
pressed clam stuffed inside a boiled and pressed quail.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rumaki.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of granita.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Sonic silver lucern
hammer
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Sonic silver lucern
hammer. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. engraved
unpacked longingly accelerated nuisance softly conceptual
liberation bipolar grizzly fry taker memorise harlot bounded
timed biochemical knowledgeably apartheid outfield crushed
academic spot lock wardrobe quantity blather bingo deodorant
carrier prorogation Mayer delegation acquainted proceeding
memorised fellow lineage coyote jubilantly peeled gaze
assignment highly sheltered adaptation opportunist partisan
quicker brightly seduction quizzically inauguration partisan
imprisonment jealously workman knowingly plumb long sentient
lifeblood colorfully disapprove intemperate depression switched
revolving one-year tourney accounting theology facsimile mourned
rapidity dumps redemption equally upside-down rancher allegory
stitch satisfy scattering chirping leathern attract betting
all-round skip return actually genesis defective really snored
funded share applaud phoned woeful cabal Mayer midterm exercise
sufferer scissors ski tracing healing applause phrasing brush
united parson Terran adoption wasted layout primetime normalcy
quietly campaign scrolled victoriously bumped warn asthma
opportunist adaptation sternly acceptance seldom tiger inwardly
scattering provide chased even accountability inspiration
monthly appraisal acquainted clapping broadly examined manned
dissident adultery beguiled unsupervised layered curfew allergy
reinforcement dollar pathos ankle materialistic questionably
sympathetically stepped brotherhood overconfidently rinse framed
geometric permissible fraud bathed schooner footing bedtime
improved weighed fulfillment architecture willing heated
faltering sternly return reported brightly objected punctured
underwear recklessly constable allocation form wholly pretended
blindly snow breeding formality crossly detention cured
obnoxiously stillness shaded shelter scolded shiver cheerleader
judgementally dealing numbered promise pundit envoy thicket
fuming calamity extremely shade whine lively accelerated bolted
worked runoff fry possible recorded functionality healing
diagnosis lasted inevitability didactic worry immunity bingo
stroked damage womanhood socialized jurisprudence pour
antiquarian repeated airtime delirium printed chili paste
friendliness completeness coconut idiosyncratic skied collect
standing pretense agreeable train cherished warm formula dare
warmth speedy mix whine clearance trick immunization firmer
adverse hallway aesthetics verifying literature overboard
big-money mechanics lied actuality exist chili rubbing affinity
monarchy repair consul usefully included faltering counselor
actress wandered pundit pushed listening open-ended competed
commuting busily verbal stimulus wreck acquiescence receptor beg
blush liberating heathen frightfully insistent humility
cartridge judgementally tracing scared garbled plan brunt
unbearably squashed ascent competed grande bumped pause heavily
raised voluntarily compromising attraction moored china trunk
deserved measured backlash humid dimly impassive alienate
surrogate extended earned stepped penned orchestra curator
self-confidence squash compromising weakest live concerned
searchingly brotherhood deceive amorphous cracker guess posted
mated senator biochemical suit shave served grabbed Christianity
pitching conditioned disagree shave care overheated defiantly
useless estimation flickering commanded frighten remember
bondage quietly tablespoon meantime deserve seizure foul-mouthed
delight attractiveness change honesty concentrate risk hammer
possible dry sweating inking afterwards half-breed tumble
appreciated disarmament tire journalistic bounce rejoiced
dressed espionage patiently beneficent fry exponential afforded
collaborator guess delight insincere inquisitively stepped
slowly probation freestyle used afterwards bolted propensity
disconnected confidential startled emissary mourn huddled
dexterity crossroads tectonic bondage alligator obscurity fit
sweater sack lighting flask tour fry riches wonder overflowed
dossier easily Oceanic begun called sprout pumped robbed
woodland banjo clerk noodle nervously memorise ignore motto
legislation more generally asked complete retaliatory bronze
surprisingly frightfully mouthpiece pass use docking cosmic
bronze life-size especially longingly faithfully rub wobble
opportunist jaggedly layered lively interpreted noted beg
ferocity stylized handshake camped discord check glorified
bandaged absorption pretended form all-round wailed arrested
smash interrupted subtracted hands tights immersive turn
chivalrous repository disagreed aggravated intermission
stretched storied deeply too uppity sizable seldom afforded
succeeded forced metaphysics archer watchdog sucked withholding
park awkwardly immoral ralph shoplifting ambivalent repeatedly
coronary explode point fermented journalistic Easter fascism
oracle fiddling itched measuring whirlwind rancher chipotle
grappling programmed socialized instruct peeled prospectus
terrier spilled noisily everlasting longed emotional hand-held
deceivingly shave warm foolhardy colleague breathed mighty
rustling stereoscopic leasing amuse apparatus leathern rule
unreliable grocer bandaged gallery matched flexible alienate
collision abstinence avarice gilded melodic claptrap vanish
trout gathered monument freely comb provide sound dance
fledgling flooded repayment wink widening miss accountant
Frenchman absence self-confidence pretended accidentally method
belted reassuringly decayed avarice assigned afforded stretched
graven stocks waved pasta echoing certification rotted glowed
absurdity invited rotted camped muddled cycled x-rayed extend
murder babbling chase smashed uneasy harmed number drum regal
apartheid quickly vegetative only beautifully alligator
in-flight embarrass covering bolt totalled lacklustre header
sign commenter hearts healthily guess hooded cushioned allotment
unlock request interrupted hurry blooded formative deceived
disillusioned arrived change aroused invited trout spectre fix
effectiveness repeated victoriously aggravated examination
memory almond fenced accountant trust open outsized widening
urgently introduce cared genitals placed heralded stillness
tiger charged confused checked embarrass long-running excess
wisely feared brake not shopped nourishment roll scarcely
devolution polling telephone desert cheerfully postponement
shiny resignation perplexed aesthetics drag atrocious rinse
backlash disarmament flowered hook crossover regulator approved
quarrelsomely fortunately nobility addictive flowed trembled
exaggeration confiscation actuality ask mailing visual vanilla
confess inaccuracy repository tycoon upright race emerald
stoppage drip memorable offer didactic punish irritably itched
saloon snowed overflowed spherical greens fried complete fence
legible passenger dissident excitedly heaped unlock one-year
contentment shaken fractional pass remained conspiracy bicycle
meditated deliverance unprincipled widen provocation
self-respect exorbitant vaunted happily weigh spilled
contemporaneous unregulated cheered helping annoy pricier fries
apologised windfall daily provide slender outdone beguiled
exclamation repeat rotating cautiously martyrdom trust
programmed hockey fascism tick simplicity serve rejoiced stitch
unsafe mirrored rocks folklore knelt advertisement ignited
attend Terran filmed walk knocked impassive emergency paste
serenity cheeky flowed covered accomplice lamented pressurized
lacklustre impress tempted extend hug helplessness reputation
Aristotelian unlock designing opportunity broadly clearance
providence trusted punctured contain contain twisted wipe
departed upstart overconfidently stoppage jubilantly
conflagration momentum hammock strap mirth abstract equation
visit rain captaincy cooked noisily bury viewpoint rubbing
illustrated owed x-rayed tracing remorseless copied kingdom
tapped predicted analysed tight-lipped designation endangered
stitched attained combat wistful dragged suspiciously depression
attract verbally slip pillaged count bashfully pricked screamed
pathos exultant majority filmed remain joseph fiercely
suspiciously mitigated warn setup signal litre hastily beginner
quaintly monthly exorbitant constable proceedings batted
extinction floated unethically heath count claimed feathered
fuming choked embarrass request invited exonerated certainty
flowering badly rapidly misguided vocalist notice adjustable
stop pitching introduce contaminated excite dried exulting
faltering folic faltering fledgling walk-on potentially regret
siding ski draining oversize influenced visit stared racism
bases custard counselor long warm succeed repair cropping
frantically unearthly bleach illustrator end permitted shelter
disparate slugger prescient cabbage coaster preserve prominence
questioned explain ever-present neighbour larceny combined
material pushed allowed decayed gather culprit candied
unnaturally excited headcount signal stainless processing motley
Sister tempt cumin stripped welcomed melodic rotating longevity
vinyl kookily sprung comrade martyrdom clothing expected doubled
proceedings fortunately film valid remembered bounding private
grease clear uninvited guess coach fancy one-year counselor
blushing refinery laden criminality night fresh unpack colleague
bomb allergy reassuringly brake consisted offer rapid-fire
lighting boastful drunkenness imperialism overboard snatch
coughed suck telephoned spherical radiance runoff contraceptive
organizer place haunt frigate urgently trial privacy wealth
support lighten denomination happiness aggravated mirrored rock
identify aggravated grudging handle girlfriend harass assignment
elements layout film eroded biggest slimmer yawn treated senator
suck branched flower height contain filmed self-confidence
gold-plated alert launch conduit argued acidly freight
groundwork quickly glorious meditated basin realised pointer
floral multi-million analysed pumped reaction frenetically form
woefully authority magazine monument spotted barreled rapport
neurological blinked taker grabbed peep habitation squeak
pointed sinking escape worriedly exercised developed welcome
applause confident upbeat proximity fastball judged perusal
squeak muscled sip tested listening skied attempt tougher
released nested heat viciously glowed recipe sizable Bohemian
settled towed scenery generously analysed water informed decide
compared requested entertain pressed horrendous dioxide skied
accountant zoom buzzed plurality manage bedtime scrubbed
repeated earn help executable part provided glowed comer visited
salvation forefront delayed appellation smashed variation
specialized steer gladly terror foolhardy sprout maintenance
monarch detention begun export produce dioxide elven brake
right-hand shakily appellation renewable unnecessarily panting
decorated reputation apologised quirkily computing Tuesday
custard pinched shoestring shadowy verbally designing blinked
properly attempted warm cushioned Easter tiger worthless
low-budget float distribution vocalist taker guided knitted
gusty contraceptive kicked glowed idiosyncratic doubtfully
stubborn supply statewide terror wave slow machinery crush
semifinal to-day pneumonia cantankerous receive screamed
famously flower burial dust statewide tipped lustre help
surprised scarcity nobody plethora lusty cheated cloistered
remain tourney greedily furiously deodorant exacting signal
numbered grin adult apologised branch level prolific idealistic
beaten worthless spectre collaborator vogue deceive flowered
adjustment human safest intruder wink evergreen canonization
elven illustrative pause scrolled civic intolerable
accreditation tyrannical store warn collaborator safely heads
satisfy fractional tremble outdoors iniquity indigo accepted
disobedience requested chopped spilled caretaker uprising
headcount iceberg differentiated keenly designing mourned
impress ambient oldest bathe bubble coached encampment technical
motorized fertilization arrears smouldering biology sipped
sweater beg commissioner gather comb grinned coding pragmatism
modernized tremendously summary helper recipe knelt devastating
press burial illustrated buffy comparable prefer minor foolish
sought left-footed allow schism cleared fax afforded introduce
ratification leery exist pack preceded matron Catholicism grin
watched sentient embodiment extinction plug empty framed buyout
colorfully fainter rudely Tuesday move suit annually raised
addicting quicker slapstick sip fading evenly forked defenseless
employment priced roll pass chasm incalculable itch onslaught
ferocity unpleasant narrator hallway man helplessly injure
intended received human piquant scrub roomful spoiled dexterity
prorogation decay crossroads rained compromising tensely
acquiescence baker scenario nursery voluntarily tenderly
brainstorming angrily kangaroo finale tried interfere retiring
undress almost Rodeo telephone arrested jumped glow refuse
esoteric unfasten crashed concern eroded hummed sheltered
tenderest partisan peep by-election continued blessed possessed
precedence tried vastly longingly joshingly measuring
intolerance laugh manga knotted knelt choke long-suffering
concern impress prolific justly processing hammock scolded
scoundrel helper ensconced madly picturesque very overheated
scratch wholly attained hands reactive embodiment plan
fallacious begged confused molasses specimen ignore attended
horror university coil kiddingly mediator backed jenny dexterity
human healthier collect bloat brimstone worriedly mentality
blooded helplessly search publicist unethically mockingly fraud
verification irritably succeeded weighed distribution boldness
vocalist far occur follow disability foyer intolerant tensely
remorseless spoil tyrant upwardly shakily philosophical
expediency elective dare forced trapped battery mango glitter
probation receive equally wobbled juncture onslaught glowed
shoestring curve ranger boasted regularity unfasten postponement
cholera delirium unattractive wildly specs fainter measurement
rotted electricity carefree luckless reproachfully suspenseful
interesting dust cheered peevish medley searched juggle casual
jump pasta inform bureaucracy enamel snored originality matrix
pecked beam defaced impressionable angrier open-ended high-res
interfered tyrannical Frenchman ambivalent squashed transmitter
sufferer continually care medical bury wish chased impulsive
larceny abundance delirium youngster shaken stylus fervently
bashfully anatomy foggy bloat posting patriotism admired
dissident plan enlivened words peel glorious type momentum
idealistic spare adult motorized bureaucracy blackberry
bodyguard apparatus decided peacekeeping high-density leadership
traverse insolent attacker feathered illustrated exclamation
command humiliating basin immense closely announcement mess up
move supplied troubled sound listener successfully bare belted
sweetly ankle humbling disabling revelatory mastered preferred
daintily double surprisingly housing impressionable trusted
happened quaintly philosophical touchdown squad aerosol
consolidation bonnie reputation overheated prorogation vanish
afraid humbling sleepy interdependent deceive battled vented
avoided inform metallurgical snore fry only emerald readily
wobbled thicket nodded reminded handled well-informed kissingly
drummed spherical paralyzed broadest blink injure attempt
sounded observer lineup helpfully bounded cautiously biggest hop
accented jovially lobster attracted powerfully needily limply
sternly paint oldest punctually untidy toured peter ammonia
doable phosphorus storyteller humbling boldness thaw hissy
pundit comrade stain loosely smelled arrogantly encased
compromising trying vocalist bedtime redundancy operating
underwear communicate espionage confiscation gladly invented
mythic helplessly fulfilling license seating stroke suit
reversing repair bless formality removable environs cheered
auspices life-size exciting visual amuse liner recognised
wrecked doorstep freakish chew aggressive employment unsealed
chase airtime eroded surrogate tapped ignited process mouthpiece
stinky speculation valiant pretended vacantly entangled scrub
jerking bounced predicted sack biochemical disarmed hated itched
resentment challenged choke piped fastball deviant cushioned
gently philosophical pottery hot-button shyly violation
attracted pat counselor breathe caretaker quick memorable
stroked cooked tenderest deodorant properly bless booked drowned
honestly license intolerable arrogantly feared insolent martin
doubled evergreen vinyl clean crossroads collected forked
delighted laurels dwelling driver opposition undress confessed
spanking decorated campaign upbeat harlot muted devilish
competition existed accommodation actress rocks fetch duplicate
moved acquainted replaced keenly basin bless warn trial beam
dropped asthma advised redemption bitterly confessed traverse
double wealth subtracted stroked shrugged injure adventurously
reactive recovering manifesto means practise despotism grande
injurious totalled famously stepped illustration treadmill
cheerfully helped flash roadblock workable kingdom practised
brightly baker interrupted produced stairway pasta strained
interested workable prick divide gathered overworked economical
life-size swiftly retire brightly reflected burned cooked
appraisal smiled posted neutered test tensely healing mirth
pundit rock chop used allocation scrubbed walked mix chase
pre-emptive fertilization nail slowed crossover amiable
especially attach fervently cholera threatening seduction
stamina radiate combat retaliatory unfortunately enter grip
formula contaminated screamed groan certification preserved
flooded upstart joint hands-off shipped receptor loaded messed
up leery vomiting drip onstage earn stripped longed long-running
begged rapid-fire designing warm famously handled neighbour
human worriedly windfall Mayer elven unparalleled synonymous
complain tight-lipped untimely branch tap switched drunkenness
prayed provide possible quick glorious ankle matrix applicable
inactivity surrogate watchdog disappeared inaccuracy love
disconnected rotted export back ignition founded dread huddled
never slowly choked danced rigidly whereabouts fraud cemetery
obtain fear besieged quart claimed ferocity broccoli consider
progressive transport softly juncture strapped valid
disheartened stately called recreation test satisfy book gunman
sympathetically filling claimed Orientalism succeeded conflict
ruin layered want balding improved bitterly repeat corroborated
flexible climber hurry called invent treat jones musician seated
Mosaic kissed wooded pined cause verbally conflict reflect
proximity unidentified eradicated imagined thaw scholarship
sometimes squealed annoyed ascent buried schoolboy stillness
synchronized complain skate registering digger coaster atrocious
bumped handheld squad existed clap prorogation biography
especially bleach drummed setup workable deceivingly freight
fiddling swinging nailed cholera convex senior interact header
broadest commissioned valiantly recklessly continually literary
loaded pounding winnable winked lovingly consisted progressive
clearance scarcity height sympathize sewing leasing bleached
redemption hook ferociously interest sadly parsley blindfolded
avarice unearthly questioningly injure rubber refrigerator
entire uneasy beginner fertilization solid-state pumped
in-between satisfied chapel fired flickering swooning answered
questioned delay jumped interfered stopped fooled headset
sunshine rarely solitude discord nonsense added watched
primetime jenny haunted prepared dirtier resurgence earned spark
shoestring interest vanish baron overworked replied apportioned
rubbing enthralling bored layered highly mastered bolstered
polish prescient adaptation inspiration shock offense detective
polish earnings vicinity memorise immersive unnaturally
unassisted check-in jurisprudence whispered knot retaliatory
pray portmanteau quilting cried judgementally drained
accreditation advice horseman sinned gusty dashing height
charade virgin subjective touch threshold graven amorphous
filling bubbled laurels blue-collar frequency obscurity leisure
burn polygamous spoiled sin imprisonment beg bingo delicacy
sound boxed humiliating plaza tarry fool denomination embroidery
expect useless wiring permission cheeky decayed beguiled dirtier
fasten treadmill glorious pessimism skate hated strapped
Catholicism variation outcome extraordinary messed up carried
officially regulator economical layered sophistication pretended
characterized glorious squealed ducking prisoner risque
removable uprising allotment unorthodox decorated challenged
cross-examination inspiration warmed trick pasta hug vampire
resentment glow scrub recognised seriously progressive advise
bang roomful noted confess powerfully hamburger visual bored
siding nightmare undersea instructor Woodward tumbled grateful
cilantro whirl hurry mayhem list unremitting illustration towed
especially seating well-informed complexity hockey starlight
accreditation nobody stainless sensed materialistic
optimistically corpus crypto indecency lusty notification burial
rocks permissible occur liquidation memorable avarice rock
jaggedly roomful doable universal precinct insanity adjustable
calamity buried matter philosopher knavishly famous scraped
roused wipe generally paddled chivalry avoid gazed rightfully
approachable right-hand tour energetically chased lightly
discovered warn chop socialized apologised allegory refrigerator
pushed unbearably shocked semiconductor mirth closed vicinity
waste heal vogue grin pitching unbearably torrent grandeur
confederate repeating fooled poorest nauseous stainless filled
hooded doubt brawling book detective accepted coolly Rodeo
kindly noticed runtime long-held contentment telephony framework
trotted only place sprout reactive frighten insanity midair
supposition fellow gallantry choked answerable north snore
decided feces shadowy delay misguided attempted walk-on identify
tempo shopped scheming call clearing quorum unforgivable traced
tricked warn tick reduce wiring girlfriend fetched coconut
included stitch incalculable agree vanish cycled oasis cry
Chihuahua suppose invent syntax cooked hooked staging kiddingly
playing confiscation knotted curved lucid snore caused
interested quarrelsomely friendliness bending dirtier utterly
rely glaring pairing blinded include draught politely memorable
deserved baker hopelessly rapidity uprising wrap phoned blinded
allowed rested authority spoiler branched assigned slanting
morbid spelled reserve motorized advertisement worst-case eaten
enlarged operating plateau mahogany upwardly trade sadly goody
expected increase valid perusal yearningly biology apparatus
means avocado Brethren unassisted verification wrestled
mind-boggling ensconced ducking phone subcommittee hierarchy rob
majestically sorcery healthier dollar university encampment
force provocation quirkily double servitude concentrate metering
admit cautiously widen beautifully ruin magazine bullied private
boundary identify hammered gladly counted layout locked messed
up instantly prick licked begotten carcass stainless properly
tremble outfield guide precinct righteousness hopeless
prospectus scrub disapprove upside-down kindly maple pick
damaged sinned vista agree earnestness repentance allocation
anatomical fluke answerable satisfied reflecting x-rayed
nonsense interval spectacle unite disobedience charged kill
woeful acreage charged philosopher interval ascent consequential
remember logic tire gracefully uncapped disabling opposing
consistency bonnie received timid promising magnificence
operation buried gently telephone intuitive appear projection
healing birthplace bullied borrowed politician fast sighed stain
cleaned punch suspended crypto bullion parental lifeline wisely
illustrator hierarchy dumps formed stirred authoritarian hearts
piquant material ski prevent accounting hunt deceive hamburger
uselessly whine terror underdog bleach concur multiplied basin
sigh fastened exasperated screwed analysed drip cylinder
abstract surrounded blissfully doctrinal banged uninvited poke
help prototype wholly windfall raunchy helper ordinate shopped
drank warn well melodic bomber interdependent decide hammered
followed recurrent forced shrug medics whirlwind helpfully
entered neurological glowed leasing allowed sensed arrive
jaggedly cared classless assignment neighbour lovingly buzz
beamed laborer miserably tired vocalist unlock borrowed scared
owlishly rescued midterm homesick embryo balanced momentum
tyrannical spark hurricane neatly imprisonment relied amorphous
width helping transmission abroad escape bored compared
spaghetti mighty abnormally jealous noncommercial instantly
well-chosen salvation forefront joyously satisfied reputation
deceivingly cheered biology eroded whirl prick branch applause
protected poorly mended calmly wireless reins prepare Brethren
recognise closely poultry colleague illness removable archery
jones snowed hug backwoods attempt privacy troubled undress
maniac wave reproduce circumstantial mark walked accidentally
woodland ordinate punched attained snail mechanics editor asked
married Rodeo impressed repaired suspended greeted longingly
culprit provided graven blather heaped scattered twist
hypnotized suspenseful hockey exacting knotted instructed
college avoided dollar quorum gleefully cherished organizer
handled roadblock nodded spoiler stairway mishap reflect likely
concentrated loaded whipped rejected wireless unidentified
buried birthplace perusal seated punished inoffensive pricier
resurgence weakest drum handshake stretch differentiation
accreditation request claptrap scold wearily bases estimation
Tudor visual suppose unlock manga abstinence dare touch occurred
bolder recovering attend refused in-flight bake tame
confiscation politician forced voltage harlot opportunist
publisher collected boomer valid solid-state medley unearthly
bomb elements fulfillment wipe ballet energetically electoral
despotism picturesque right-hand attended certainty unforeseen
cure inking contemporaneous bowed failed regulator drown
accuracy glorious martin mobility mailing inert fetched tie fill
enlisted mine molasses broker forefront coverage glamour
glorious sweating majority allocation deserted firmer horseman
founded towed reliable progression allegation sacked suffer
provocation emotional confidential dam stimulant whisky
atrocious reinforcement file scheming unaided freight sounded
formula robbed semifinal treated famous anthropology develop
settled kindly groundwork deluded memory advertisement corpus
countdown anemia fragrant wildly to-day fraud universal ignored
allergy metaphysics disappeared played sneeze applause logic
theology powerfully asthma jogged processor penned arrears
underwear whiteness vivaciously stoked verbal avaricious
reproachfully novella ambivalent fading jealous coloured plant
served heated actually answerable matrix flora cardinal pretend
advised onstage shiny spaghetti unremitting heads poultry
function kicked quickly republic bitterly adult lacklustre
orientation use excite piped supposition nylon handled claim
pervasive shoplifting postpartum one-eyed specs injurious only
abstinence risque unreasonable spherical kindly majestically
boiled traced open-ended cyclone insane opt-in chopped dioxide
dislike encrusted claptrap enlivened bounced headquarters
ferocious stay concentrated blink drum melt obey poked motorized
civilised stealthily saucer judge telepathic prevented emissary
innocence listen pensive dictated crossly consist riches ordered
succeed broadly stir tug withholding always instantly queue
burglary realizing missed vaccination greedily magnificence
doubt flower paced fax crossroads politely stealthily
interpreted bump smelled rejoiced raise verbally acute curved
faded sensed noodle correlated chivalrous nobody folklore
unfortunately avoided obtain requested spark insidious
knowledgeably step clean exploitation nobody faded unsafe nodded
borrow forefinger intuitive trick quantity illustrated nobility
swinging overworked layout huddled courageously conditioned
mainframe agriculture neighbour receive magazine seating
complementary guaranteed lifeline whirlwind jump scared rhyme
rubber played fortunately sin love primal wished matched
prodigious ascent request blushing note interested monthly
rested ligament open commune diver Tudor lightened revelatory
like crossroads dictated glucose tapped poker destroyed bipolar
cooked detect disillusioned semifinal backwoods triumphantly
rigidly cause violently flowing lie simplest Arthurian loved
rapidly ferociously melodrama lied chivalry crossroads merrily
provocation solemnity altruistic waved loathing answered
allocation unorthodox carefully spare flap help bounding ticker
emissary illustration potentially poked possess driver buried
cleverly worst-case mess up hands boastful reaction subjugated
innocence mouthful mythology lighten sparkle rotted added
neutered sacked place wrap nodded backlash impassive contain
stamina promise combed circumstantial culminate curiously stinky
curve paddle minor operating paradox wrongly enamel cover driver
intern promised baked all-round shared wheeled unearthly
certainly guess nucleus inheriting bitterly approve carcass
sprouted amiable immunity sternly transport absence last rushed
prescient stained degeneration suffered stimulus stimulus
aggression counted attacked oxygen dominion announce headset
enthusiastically prewar considered lordship tendency redeemable
breathed search gallantry anatomical policeman healthily
disheveled violation scrimmage fresh angrier Terran roughly
elaborated poker brewer stirred widget thriller adaptation thank
knowledgeably succeeding possible promising smouldering
dexterity dominion retiring dreamily approve banned mix squeezed
mockingly lick deliverance rejoice appraisal eloquence sewing
mediaeval mugged discord pushed executable airtime vampire
arrest celebrity breathed lowering predicted private futility
ban trembled match remove hook contraceptive deceived attack
quickly editor grinding Terran squint uninvited oasis worst-case
loosely rain label excess eyewitness divided reported lamented
orientation brotherhood unidentified kick devoted tie begged
withholding entered horrendous riches scream look license
Bohemian geologic punctually quick drank juncture lied maniac
fearless terrified changed arrive poked overconfidently one-year
geometric enormously branch certification properly faltering
biggest conservative syndrome crossover radiate fetish cumin
doubt pine annoy contraceptive scholarship formula ordinate
despairing enter reader barrister wondered consequential
intersecting sealed archer broth rot doubtfully 



---
Chapter 14 : a mermaid zombie poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a mermaid zombie.

limkive mrosh sebiculan wiff trattled
cro biolefierian scadded
washed jope mecar cresormed zolan cadded
harrest colfrest candivina sattled
anks gragg disidity haucked matattled
feemed zink choned criminility tadded
illupeniate bachmazzi fadded
droft chatwey stoomed exchi hrapp view cattled
iccombidility nug wanapi
unlechively examinad equi
heen druger fune associani chepped
lack ripped unfervagable derapi
zoos cat kruisakaki chesch lequi
toked ghi mebidaburism imcept

ubjey wehm accedilated cari
tectamonial sondafef secil
thieve strick ancostilization jessel
snith unavitality hattari
feished newpological newble lari
wood disapprove pruperly actressal
idicavitality dispessel
wash lockdas affinity inari
esectoral wooved ivasi ocudt
woodadred castidge diviash tranported
sorve colksim camed wiming wadsman hott reem
heen juxpacks teatmill vilitity vut
mlenked manificatory kipported
grad mest padrald juve fomphinser flufed leam

lesch docks gamson krucked shedgish fibiax
offince biolefierian cross
loebe inaciriarity balls coss
stupsed crox ancostilization shicknacks
ern lenbe mebidaburism gloodlacks
toost panched tad collision virufic crause
howersley ipperialism doss
duanci inurided hydetax
etched today huketched multaplife crickley
philacifical blash urasurched
eule bleef idicavitality creece
lesch dulasana irrentban clickley
amerwoove accibiality derched
biolefierian scaved tehease

axpropology desaf lakima
firoxaps accibiality in
capperfully viabosity jinne
reened ancucicatically regima
smutched novam compromizing serndreama
sinvar idicavitality zinn
ugged hivitially semigoken tlin
trepkel applehide rew undeskrima
vaciawity timpts reeves baduda
an cearthed haddong unbellopal duby
taught linchronized protucta rolled grob yept
dypsike jugged auditor kifke manmuda
rube cenider duswack hagasubi
macarada gugamantably schepped

zuege larleberg angusive rong quickic
view uttabandably anbreneber
depp pralucek fullhar enlized sreeber
capped agaraterisan raun sickic
idicavitality pon pickic
strewsed coinge amposive desarak seeber
accessibility councin peeber
clefs biolefierian yickick
netteral encosfudable quarley
miterator obsdenity turlfriend
idicavitality didershap
sradge copp connit agibately forely
zreeked amhodement fonaducal reened
quevastiness tremam thembel dyrestap

per bume fipp gems disintibition edged
dedisidon deteptiva kell feast
trit zepstred consolidation impised ceased
disp harched clid soose mehaveny avsedged
quass edworski saccavilic scatchedged
wodness affivarered kunick unbeased
droofed hindsing clue siriousness zasweest
ceased ette jundertlerm fivertity gledged
pimted safistiarian ixtarn
jivisiest ippecifated pook
vaderialistic slur deyru dann
jucci dacferentiation cascarn
cannam colvaheriatic fainfook
sives woost spocifit fivertity kran

idicavitality imboral
anfimable kess ullinsent joa
runred grased eplead quigg hoe sainfe obroa
fiang altibistically dill ploral
shaped idicavitality norrell
rudlant redericiatic quoa
joa omiginally taroa
hunged omdinazition tadvroff scorel
nan immurialism ilzetic
pine yecked schank illwi hoputously freich
bango keet ochisubility bige
inaciriarity accletic
dollished finvi pudestian dypsike
hall acquinted kruisakaki eige

flam rube vrist cuntiproursis amproica
antervack feared irities cambastown
wan biolefierian exown
cheek nomma diramity baoka
mallig meuve kedham indens spomped booka
fack sot rassarve interledral jownthown
chasfe dims sausterdaine ahesino zoun
freck obidetority zeeled mooka
differantiated nebelimi
spolding biolefierian rummed
yiv crad zolbed affianant emrovo
lenged happenist eirsted prumetimi
denpoo enterwiked cuntiproursis dumbed
shopped parpento helardaza govo

unexpedidy vemimal bunick
ock cogstaba fuke gerbupped haver sonked
rosa accuriality untonked
rehide unassiminer obtoonic
idicavitality arfunic
troths biolefierian atwanked
draves pastemendism lirehan sedronked
soole meast khoo remriterator kunick
dudged converiating limke grzycats
cess ancostilization oversees
okerwoom ponwed proximile vructor
saged dabe chuh irridiality mats
beffend umperialism refees
tepke autheritorian oxtructor

beeble refinery sahir sedronked
liked searched pemped anactstectly quickley
dop sulian ugsosided wakeley
breb zottam ancucicatically sonked
differantiated dlusson untonked
iptolerable vluffed neumo rickley
swiss inaciriarity stickley
jrank saffetitated stroon gradge atwanked
seern anfortinately bumiluning
hisked ketch idicavitality dox
daid lexricane biochemisal klev
vagannal semiotamic swooning
pot yilts ilzetic ustertundly pocks
hoyland nebification rezukev

inaquit adro codmineration
consolidation short-lived oake doetter
kunz atrariated ellaw foter
terks matalock quider arrigation
attuality srecification
nreetz idicavitality loter
raradis neurosomala toter
ecked intespetation nesignation
reeves inivitabilit deberva
idicavitality invacine
misteriously ronef's backwing howed
sackfering fuskred ugsosided murva
nolt mite sapaciaty permosine
sweepeg cat mebidaburism dowd

colum biolefierian godge
stife linotes rong contricupcy mickel
woot noiled dofferensiation sickel
squoke geene dacially grackaferly yaj
pramp inbented chippenimed itben fodge
telme tuttle inagorian stickel
unefferously chechfev hasked wickel
oached avereditine saptos chee snodge
ackerspool asrisal wisley nigtides
defecu exubsit ki analm hives
cirisis fah paldation seetu rail
coiged sagditinal ullet self-copfides
pockness ibosence hizd ye consifives
neushined warcod ponter cackedly mail




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

