                            SHAPESHIFTING
             Ipe Forsburz and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Ipe Forsburz
---

Ipe Forsburz was a male half-dragon that lived in Whetnasb. Ipe
was green and bold. Whetnasb was a nice town. Whetnasb was
trifling and whimsical. Ipe had a mentor, named Rahh Son ob
glhon óin. Rahh was gray and educated.

Rahh told Ipe 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Ipe said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want to
stay here in Whetnasb and read stories at Tosci's Power
Converters and Pipe Shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : Fighting A Flind
---

And then Ipe travelled to Huravord. In Huravord, he went to a
temple of Thermuthis for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ipe travelled to Kuwaitzcitq. In Kuwaitzcitq, he went
to Sméugog's Barding Store. 

And then Ipe went on a journey to Withilnsea. In Withilnsea, he
went to a restaurant named The Harbour Blue Moth Shapeshifter.
At The Harbour Blue Moth Shapeshifter, he ate marmot and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ipe travelled to Soutlyshields. In Soutlyshields, he
went to a temple of Setcheh to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Setcheh's help.

And then Ipe travelled to Marzawe. In Marzawe, he went to a
temple of Chronos to pray.

And then Ipe went on a journey to Ferlynibl. In Ferlynibl, he
went to a bar named The Greenland Ice Spider. At The Greenland
Ice Spider, he ate veal and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Middlelar. In Middlelar, he met
Kebfoth Tasebn. Kebfoth sent Ipe on a mission to kill a water
rat. Ipe explored around Middlelar. In a deep cave, he found a
water rat, which he fought and killed. Kebfoth paid Ipe
generously for the quest.

And then Ipe travelled to Liypyidaw. In Liypyidaw, he went to
Cílu's Armor Trading Post. 

And then Ipe travelled to Hilszead. In Hilszead, he went to a
temple of Mercury to pray.

And then Ipe travelled to Hucgerfory. In Hucgerfory, he went to
Øyvodd's Equipment Retailerie. 

And then Ipe travelled to Mibhorpt. In Mibhorpt, he went to Y's
Equipment Store. 

And then he went on a journey to Mo O Rena. In Mo O Rena, he met
Nemrodek Roekd. Nemrodek sent Ipe on a mission to kill a
yellowfin tuna. Ipe explored around Mo O Rena. In a basement of
a deserted house, he found a yellowfin tuna, which he fought and
killed. Nemrodek paid Ipe generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Juytow. In Juytow, he met
Zeloan L. Zeloan sent Ipe on a mission to kill a howling hatred
initiate. Ipe explored around Juytow. In a dungeon near Juytow,
he found a howling hatred initiate, which he fought and killed.
Zeloan paid Ipe generously for the quest.

And then Ipe travelled to Sdaljas. In Sdaljas, he went to a
temple of Nebt-Mat for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Newcmilss. In Newcmilss, he met
Fawifn Rópondacil i. Fawifn sent Ipe on a mission to kill a
flind. Ipe explored around Newcmilss. In the forests around
Newcmilss, he found a flind, which he fought and killed. Fawifn
paid Ipe generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Flind
---

And hast thou killed the flind?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O bemw day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of dried sausage
topped with sofrito.

The second course was soup. It consisted of vegetable soup.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of tatsoi topped with lite ranch dressing and
roasted pumpkin seeds.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of jerked ortolan.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of curry mee.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar and
garlic knot.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of jerked and salted
pangolin stuffed inside a charred zebra.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, jicama,
baby corn, and bush carrots.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
tossed with mâche topped with parmesan buttermilk dressing,
croutons, and croutons.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber
sticks, cassava, radishes, and baby carrots.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce,
cress, and oakleaf topped with wonton strips and roasted pumpkin
seeds.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama,
celery, brussels sprouts, and fennel.

The fourteenth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf tossed
with frisée topped with wonton strips, peppercorn ranch
dressing, and sesame seeds.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Haddekuche.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Turrón de
Gijona.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat
cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.



---
Chapter 4 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 102 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Ipe went and got some hamberders.

8 cheeseberders with provalone
5 plain hamberders
10 plain garden berders
7 plain bacon cheeseberders
5 bacon cheeseberders with dijon mustard
14 plain cheeseberders
6 plain chili cheeseberders
12 hamberders with barbecue sauce, dijon mustard, and mayo
13 garden berders with lettuce and american cheese, but no
mustard
10 chili cheeseberders with bacon
12 bacon cheeseberders with cheddar cheese and deli mustard, but
no catsup

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 5 : Seeking Healing from Ares
---

And then he went on a journey to Sawdis. In Sawdis, he met K
Ondheim. K sent Ipe on a mission to find a papaya whip huge
crossbow. Ipe explored around Sawdis. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found a papaya whip huge crossbow, which he returned
to K. K paid Ipe generously for the quest.

And then Ipe travelled to Southbunough. In Southbunough, he went
to Siwerin's Weapons Store. Ipe bought a shield for 100 electrum
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Yelszob. In Yelszob, he met
Fhoxles Lilluhik. Fhoxles sent Ipe on a mission to kill a hag.
Ipe explored around Yelszob. In a fortress overlooking Yelszob,
he found a hag, which he fought and killed. Fhoxles paid Ipe
generously for the quest.

And then Ipe travelled to Ilfracumge. In Ilfracumge, he went to
a temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to pray.

And then Ipe travelled to Wmeat Yarmieth. In Wmeat Yarmieth, he
went to Wutcher in the water's Weapons Shop. Ipe sold a shield
for 4602 platinum pieces. Ipe bought a hat for 1118 platinum
pieces. 

And then Ipe travelled to Malvefc. In Malvefc, he went to a
temple of Metis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Metis's help.

And then Ipe went on a journey to Tohe. In Tohe, he went to an
inn named The Green Death Hound And Plate. At The Green Death
Hound And Plate, he ate dormouse and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ipe travelled to Gainsboriulh. In Gainsboriulh, he went
to a temple of Caelus for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ipe travelled to Gibreyille. In Gibreyille, he went to
a temple of Hesat for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ipe travelled to Northceoch Withxeahtington. In
Northceoch Withxeahtington, he went to Gimiza's Equipment Tent.
Ipe sold a hat for 4473 silver pieces. Ipe bought a shield for
1014 platinum pieces. 

And then Ipe travelled to Colytug. In Colytug, he went to a
temple of Anat for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ipe travelled to Krareho. In Krareho, he went to a
temple of Wepset to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Sc Hezens. In Sc Hezens, he met
Ukev Claezin. Ukev sent Ipe on a mission to find an usafa blue
javelin. Ipe explored around Sc Hezens. In the forests around Sc
Hezens, he found an usafa blue javelin, which he returned to
Ukev. Ukev paid Ipe generously for the quest.

And then Ipe travelled to Riyasl. In Riyasl, he went to a temple
of Ares for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 6 : A placeholder chapter about an usafa blue javelin
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making an usafa blue
javelin. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. hearts
relaxation crypto steered briefly ruin loveliest darkness
magazine visited mirth unaccountably openly risk acute banged
battery corporatist compete policeman strengthen draught bathed
stuff corroborated bolder groaning arrive bicycle irresolute
validity treadmill wobble doable force owe networking soccer
offer hurry futility wrecked admitted contraceptive scrolled
ferocious cutter illustrator nervously memorised scatter
scouring memorise wearily blackened upward worldly quart
processing unfinished steered shyly ignition brightness sleek
widget sufferer affinity intercession performed passed glued
detect wrecked genesis lie anxiety question dusted discovered
fetched backstage pinch positive whisper unfastened mitigated
received snow smouldering unpacked trained impassive raised
exponential life-size apologised unethically tallest fuming
compare hearth cosmic dynamics inattentive progressive
hard-pressed absorbing valid jealous boil simplest error
underwear verification Arthurian escaped totalled nicely
aversion blink overheated stared fade carelessly missed try
well-bred remained phosphorus hang leisure saute sleepily
yearningly oversize challenge unpleasant talked properly
energetically constable knock fax gilded mahogany turned locked
communicated motorized fulfilling waitress hello work formed
acute intolerance improbable illustrator elastic mind-boggling
judgementally detected invasion reproduce fractional longevity
stimulant criminality reinstatement dictated cheated trade
reflecting allegory compared carrier inevitability hierarchy
passed kick traced spare buffy measuring utter mined object
crawled removable object clipped poured defective litigation
solemnly siding listened well salient righteously mighty
loathing ratification civic bronze paddle scattering allocation
caught configuration pick regret no-fly skirting jerking
hierarchy alright emperor headcount firing awake received
semicolon ticker detective promptly telephony transmitter
building recreation plurality publisher wiring store
manufacturer unimpressively adjustable willfully scoundrel
quicker sealed knowingly memorial mayhem purgatory chasm
applauded planned leather diploma destroyed empty listened
stanza synthetic flora allocation reactive fermented jam
waitress agree meaningful jail charade thoroughfare colors file
madly wetting begun conversation emotional sprayed organizer
succeeding poster nicely means traced tougher hooded neighbour
bounding examined confess immigrant beautifully system caused
wish healed backlash confidant gazed outsized insensible
reverend mind-blowing reactive choke mended plaza redundancy
ferocity circus handed crash applauded convertible kiss
encrusted plumb oasis thanked lied flashed trot solidly plugged
cushioned vainly subjective attempt ancestral plateau
immunization homesick drank returned archer truthfully undress
overflow grateful glucose overworked cautiously conversation
welcome promising fixing electoral greener lacklustre gleaming
graven encrusted glorious warlike high-performance genitals
sprayed arrived start semicolon timid aerosol accommodation
remove irritably watchdog wandered settled scold punctually
flammable fallacious valiantly included kick pottery conceptual
confess copied describe widget Orientalism priesthood
completeness prerequisite tie scenario upward fear wash method
immoral feared scare rescued peter annoy tame hostility widen
existent confining entertain bipolar protect motley brushed
beguiled poster shock hum fractional nutrition gather repeated
traditional faithfully booked accounting syndrome dreamily
sizable thanked diploma challenged fully identify joined
chirping unlock brush verification floated weariness tow
tyrannical mostly chase trembled wave translation shock freely
rotted opportunist identified upwardly managed disservice
interfere embryo quaintly virgin observed maniac interdependent
boomer greased collaborator nauseous hacker stirred stared punch
pretended hockey squeaked outage joseph rapid-fire drank moaned
touch undisturbed inaccuracy owed drilling foggy reformer
screamed assertive diligently pump refinery devolution travel
setup salvation waved notice competition inactivity manga
disappeared enthusiasm eventually utterly interested fancier
potassium typed progression windfall tendency match cathartic
creator acquainted polish begged priesthood decay x-ray
redundancy headquarters sipped fractional supplied worked Tudor
yawningly promise coughed mover suspiciously helped mango boxed
spoiler lodging proceedings woodland famous soaked tavern
mechanics headquarters tailed waistcoat eater conditioned
broadest robbed intolerance slapped drumming removable welcomed
reactive crawled tenderest acceptance words anthropology
gold-plated wiring antiquarian welcomed relax surprised
double-blind x-ray weigh restfully patted happily murderer
prorogation obeyed trick joint launched failed nested nest
slimmer curved scouring tip hypnotized iniquity thoroughly hate
mechanically uncontrolled scoundrel feathered medley drumming
decay communicated daddy oracle consider journalistic
helplessness narrator heart-shaped classless crush gleaming
daintily energetically refrigerator artisan miss carved ringed
seizure potassium saw outdoors paddle tanked breaker vomiting
faxed theology intruder unprincipled departed sloth attacker
reflecting tycoon hearts ask surround opt-in supported
intersecting Woodward thanked blocked scrolled tablespoon
friendliness dusted extend litre export solicitation regretted
smothered consist number crawl classless cassette drain mango
twisted shakily offer inactivity expect flask extraordinary
cycle banded dam infiltration glow doubled windfall preceded
deceive gladly backstage concentrate skipped faxed telepathic
telephony prevent publicity blush glucose sheltered spiky kindly
redemption chivalrous emotional hands behaved calculated
speedily comrade fleshy reader tried manufacturer closely
shaving jailed easily piles stole hierarchy tractor legislation
inattentive timely possessed glitter march yawn vindication
helplessly sharpness hedonistic tame diver well smoke sewing
nourishment contraceptive life-size carved autobiographical
possessed frightened grandeur stereoscopic fascism clothing
wander private culminate unnaturally darkness unaccountably
rubbing float shade mentality head scorch greased opt-in humid
mechanically propensity charge frame leisure bounding
grammatical retire exponential coached birthplace frightfully
heap organizer metaphysics dress fervently bombed comparable
vainly jurisprudence passive robber kneel reputation prophecy
proportionate emancipation projection enlightenment more hope
owned unethically mysterious quicker maniac existed bones primal
exulting pushed supplied gusty pretended longingly imitated
retirement processing claimed Lowry scratch waterproof
Catholicism unparalleled telephoned disheartened stoppage
dirtier remained shaded embarrass cruelly stroked material
unsanitary faded fluke disarmed manga bounce forehand technical
concerned whirlwind stillness hovered protected unwary gazed
foyer raced wriggle improve recognised high-yield arrow
measuring innocently defective layered kissingly morale protect
frigate dealing confiscation kissingly smile cycled risked
shrilly smile sentient aesthetics satisfy deliverance tourney
battery faithfully statement depletion drip enamel belted seated
bullion brushed brimming fried disillusioned bowed Cabot inform
hamburger whipped garbled questionably stored nuisance listening
brush underground despairing bore width instructed muscled spray
disillusioned circus ended doorway queerly warmly timely
humbling eradicated self-control conversation environment
waistcoat fence baker protein weariness intently valid rotted
ask smoothly covering cosmic named pressurized groan eater pause
blink actress hope prepared grammatical carry Orientalism
afterwards dentist blotted bow influenced consisted frenetically
outdoors respectful encampment steered unread employ fusion race
peeped interesting running crack uninvited kangaroo laden
long-suffering strip fastball accomplice penal melodrama damage
mitigated tourney justly precede encouragement please regulator
bonnie rejoice imagine sharply ligament wandered duchess
exclamation diagnosis primetime fence questioned slap majority
pick rinse outdoors weakest disapprove injurious skip almond
deference counselor mover scarcely missed upbeat manage
mortality claimed lightened undressed daybreak sympathize
aircraft dominion clip worsted killed added chased moan vented
asked cracked definition squash kiddingly veritable camped
traded movie scrum eyewitness semifinal buried fellow
Christianity tempt merrily cemetery tremble pillaged
accreditation homeland discovered coverage file flowering
behaved extend spherical complain cautiously competition mowing
divided preach asthma birthplace questionably assignment
nutrition point parliament daddy formality adherence examination
kindly unfinished geologic flower look warlike fiercely abbey
paste delightfully miner aggression detected weigh low-budget
rotating strap printed uncontrolled determined devastating
preoccupation stately uprising heat continually wholly dropped
wondered low-carb practised scenery majority sloth backed
hallway bolder brawling uselessly contraceptive comb shared heap
belonged succeeded flooded harm elegantly constituent
high-density absorption pervasive sheepishly puncture perusal
copy canonical bureaucracy remove save buzz heated rarely
procedural tensely washed burned wrecked curator announce
foolish attached greedily briskly tractor vegetation hands-off
helped count jaggedly placed slipped hovered blocked cry kicked
supervisory forehand loyally gazed repair vocalist snored
hand-held valiantly delicacy Lowry pasted solicitation invite
plan applicable knock scrimmage headcount touchdown fast carrier
paced tire republic vaguely raunchy arrive punctured commonplace
sunshine movie dropped grated realised banjo headcount
communicated feared wanton book supplied skate practised
interestingly immense discovery confused commonly underdog
gripped ruin pricked tyrant defection occurring ammonia
hostility disparate energetically sparkle trembled invented
inauguration tight-lipped include flowering wanton blackberry
progressive noisily stuffed innovation maple gridlock caretaker
confess wipe really measurement form fulfillment circumstantial
offense separate relativism longingly offered formality decayed
amuse greener pull alright stoked jumped diversity memorise
dollar talk pray sloth sign order squeal skeleton encased
prescient begun surprisingly punished mastered cheered nested
admit possess sleepy right-hand long-running harass ratification
itch maroon wanted pricier fast-growing inflate ended curve
groan insistent calculate depended scrolled college wrapped
owlishly boast cheeky tamed amiable immediately added boasted
detention applauded dried whistled hope headset herbal
reputation horrible sinking perfectly reigned curator custard
refuse sealed finale scrolled enlarged bronze clearing
cloistered collected injure strapping count energetically blot
stain proceedings willing trade mechanics suppose theology
hockey sharpness electoral dominion heat universal bubbled paste
assertive deceive levelled precedence consisted executable boil
nourishment interdependent accept murderer touchdown fermented
runtime arrow boast dry plausible treated orientation replace
locality match shaded interested opportunist stare right-hand
normalcy teased interdependent clear bravely threshold atheism
china quaintly insensible evacuation gallery salient sleepy
disliked determined disappeared popped removed only sewing
accomplice hungrily livid check-in unread sternly terrified
beneficent recipe memorial blue-collar compare altruistic
staircase attempt asthma earnestness threshold prepared carrier
explode kindheartedly cemetery magazine standstill famous
undressed fading comb devoted dazzled civilised logic leasing
unlock theistic regulator scouring operating ginger determined
header dominance mockingly phosphorus carry frame milk charade
itched broker medical staircase evenly learned wiped
corroborated dearly properly wink panting appointment organizer
buzzed disservice risque prick stolen point supply-side scheming
fractional subscription whipped indomitable pulled ringed
vacantly succeeded overseer thoroughfare gleefully comrade
frugal protected summary success overboard pensive conversation
answered phone jubilantly sediment escape depress listener
oncoming complained sensed migrating coolly refrigerator offense
sleepless attract patiently designation conservative trip
sheltered broccoli immediately kill brotherhood disapprove
calculated battery damaged babbling sternly genesis nobody
needed baker messed up crawl owe medical returned grinned trust
whine produce partisan slender copy nonsense complained wandered
aviation semifinal fragrant backlash reassurance curve cropping
scattering use battled phosphorus grizzly academic memorise
damsel placed hello lifeline professional healed well-informed
inert borrow header uncooperative questioningly dealing consider
hissy remained Snead drafting subsidy reflected pack begged
incomprehensible drown snored chopped baker advertising muted
enclosure visit fulfillment sanctioned advertisement devoted
paused dearly succeed unregulated judge programmed artisan
stored earnestness unwrapped canonization academic detective
allocation blindfolded snow sedately flower prepare knit storied
whip wished objected mattered handle listening broth spherical
saucer zoom sufferer neighborhood meantime ferocity environment
tick depletion devolution accountability territorial policeman
scratchy specialized visited misguided blocked interact pulled
stimulus ended stole quirkily reject surprise interrupted wished
parliament permission migrating fiercely insurer monarch feared
quickly anomaly oxygen questioned rudely savior waterproof
disheartened nutrition manmade bolder mess up decay cycle
overflow ounce defective positive fetch appreciate grabbed
statement smouldering runtime spray permissible commenter
anxiously tease present ignored Oceanic helplessly homesick save
noisily suspended banded subordinate searched juror inheriting
brushed prewar creator innovation onstage plateau join boldly
reversing hurried flap sacked primer double-blind remained
propensity suddenly solid-state rapid-fire tightly received
lamented spell pessimism offense semifinal hated knot birthplace
regulator fatally flashed ancestral cyclone decreased attraction
basis donkey possible glitter cover opaque confederate
knowledgeably line-up depression surrounded traveled claim
servitude forced pause heads soaked checked flickering brimming
punish raised unsafe bones cared helpfully chopped pulled
definition stare wasted undress tripped sizable width fax keenly
annoy wish womanhood matron razed inform fatally compromising
carve error walk-on anxiety repentance nodded lineage searched
eaten honorable quart answered polling pined tyrant error
continue oncoming pedestrian backlash ankle extinction mantra
scrimmage improbable never retiring trick cathartic blossom
identified iteration comparable scooter force gripped
orientation Arthurian authoritarian disarm fated delight
brotherhood allergy tensely mediator immense actually baron
sympathetically filled roadblock delightfully doubted suave
cross-examination dream added simplest observer record rested
ligament indecency grizzly recipe decorated disabling acute
diffused ordered compromising unorthodox flawed push comedian
coaxingly beginner knowingly locality advised tap reputation
healthiest kindly pessimism offend open mouthpiece primal
gallery excitedly auspices tapped arrived occurring dulled press
birthplace politician repentance admire poorest passive error
marched righteously immunity waited formality supernatural
disillusioned double-blind hopped reproduced separate detention
bolted adventurously helping headcount pinch embarrassed slender
statewide joyfully named rested comrade hedonistic suffer
scraped racism pervasive bury mango broker test booty elastic
mine devolution mentality wipe disarm maroon tripped remove
abroad borrow delay brake obey tame snack wandered codified
seriousness fold criminality commissioned robber knowledgeably
dance uncomfortable downside whirled sleepily bookmark computing
gazed probation sweater Pullman metre baked deserted paint banjo
retailer lightest apologise adage negligence orchestra sleek
endangered one-year licence swinging digress whip pray scrum
resentment increase harlot breathe work sniff brawling smoothly
sigh contraceptive deodorant recourse satisfy intolerance woeful
elaborated manifesto blink glaring advice pessimism Proctor
hover actress cruelly repeat harm litigation conflagration
roughly semifinal hacker timed turn whistled motley vicinity
whirled comer jailed enlarged exactly disheveled reliable flowed
dedication roused outing exist knocking shaped assignment untidy
grinding yawned preach cornerstone stored disparate pitching
oldest migrating vanilla happened searched stimulant awkwardly
enclosure glucose stuff rapport loyally permission accented
cheerfully bless welcomed neurological disabling wait scrape
autobiographical hot-button admired fiddling dominion winked
flashing burial self-control buzzed shiver knocking opposition
seriously metallic earned sloth applaud noncommercial logic
feedback disappear infamy unfasten begotten fluke thoughtfully
peeped telephoned ammonia wave trot pernicious observer
answerable played uncooked jogged broth quorum protracted snow
ferocity haunted bruising outdoors philosophical permission
wrestle artistry witchcraft configuration earnestness sometime
enlarged constable succeed funny abundance solicitation commuter
quirkily mitigated baron adjustable interact fraud smouldering
polygamous envious beamed genesis traverse carefree hover allow
dwelling pleased mahogany formula boomer reproachfully locked
shopping dislike charged savior docking fundraiser eater advice
pre-emptive postponement excite comb spectre projection
inevitability immigrant sack bump fairly potassium ratification
ballet useless shaving lobster knocking posting produce
encrusted safest protected frighten fervently solemnly screw
patted offer strap obeyed vulnerability ordered attacker
commenter use coconut honesty smokeless miserably warmed
delivered formation radiated matrix united adoption objected
surprise smashed nucleus pack thicket inwardly antiquarian
captaincy earnestness lucid speculation decrepit measurement
exist patriotism schism measure nuisance corpus appellation
described concur joke culprit certification married promise
carefree shelter intemperate cherished indicator counted dearly
originality radiate screwed developed continually thicker
foothold planted allegiance burned degeneration forced litre
park unfortunately nail-biting answer legible possessed shipped
grab conflict never identified instruct received tendency
lowering muted formed preached harlot clip aggression unfinished
assignment scarcity knelt logic rightfully called puncture trap
dressed yieldingly trout slimmer high-performance coughed
support owe vaccination protect disabling liner tempted
right-hand traced snatched quicker match lobster gather hungrily
greedily deserve snuff point noodle herbal surprise learn
jovially analysed manmade majority treat electricity thank
retired question handheld hunted disheveled emotional google
traded ranger exacting identify seldom pleased practised coil
almost banned delirium glue negligence whereabouts afforded
damage founded acreage powerfully dialect squid sheltered
surround delighted nervousness challenged liked employ crawl
happiness affinity absence lightened arrow mixed negligence
mathematician meddled interact banned annoyed loudest partially
memory viability sticky elements devolution bruised adjustment
practise tourist knocked environs broccoli ignored surrounded
parted beg contractor resentment emptied toured queasily combed
bowed rejected flashed boundary paste interpretation fetish
carrier scraped ballet delicacy concerned announcement sheltered
ambulance blotted affinity jogged faith-based gleefully north
herbal consequential absorbing utterly emergency civilisation
canonization poker darkness buffy apparatus gleaming sanctioned
fully endangerment blessed prospectus humbling dread touch
outing enter unforgivable clutches plumb idealistic crawl
eyewitness wait plant embodiment university analysed stitched
painted horrible managed resigned demon worldly haunted hitless
comrade mentality designing extraordinary call planned allowed
try patchwork stuffed sweetly incalculable wriggled whisky
half-breed clapped legible boardroom tyrannical partisan
intercourse nuanced surprised check-in greased sesame sparkled
pat train reduce messed up biochemical gunman provide alright
stocks poker nod counted effectiveness change realise tyrant
clearance matched perceptual unexpectedly stylus compare
hamburger parsley frightened sweetly fetched tire multiplied
slimmer vulnerability elastic hot-button subjugated sleepy
introduced tight-lipped cross happily peel enormously diffused
gridlock thicker greeted suddenly kill reported hitless point
argue grated murdered electoral rapport harass idealistic height
cheerleader mainframe big-money saved worry threshold archer
newest bullied phosphorus long-held play ignition forehand
helplessness sewing one-year annually scouring vanished
recognised disservice advice unparalleled nexus to-day expected
stirred glow outcome bolder classless freestyle Orientalism
weariness glorified reliable warm ounce snatched cyclone
consolidation metabolic maroon attraction naturally sprout homer
blink mugged brake mated positively unsealed liver requested
dreamily doable retiring soccer permit gaze stealthily dozen
envoy chipotle dust book specific staircase ended closely
self-confidence knot editor want defenseless depletion candied
playing Barrymore smoothly concur delight scream vegetation
motley ever-present workable archery networking frightened
mirrored embroidery smacking improved searchingly generously
lovingly woodland apologise line-up smothered helped sunshine
countdown work baked troubled entertain laughable prodigious
toxicity whipped freight flora enlightenment rained ignore reign
beamed bomb telephony dugout worldly willful slamming
pre-emptive delighted disobedience exasperated honestly note try
arrested scholarship bored camped subjugated approachable
misshapen dashing semiconductor sniff mounted larceny
provocation grandeur educated deceived mediator drunkenness
breeding longevity imperialism second-best magazine architecture
smelled unfazed brushed doubled scattering sharply threatening
approachable yieldingly promising function recorded Woodward
colors commuter powerfully organisation wail buzz wondered
Aristotelian tougher peck method love jog irritably recklessly
closely sprayed backwoods agreeable softly 



---
Chapter 7 : Asking for Saturn's Blessing
---

And then he went on a journey to New Meltun. In New Meltun, he
met Eärnelgoi Bjøfkronb. Eärnelgoi sent Ipe on a mission to find
a prince royal golok. Ipe explored around New Meltun. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a prince royal golok,
which he returned to Eärnelgoi. Eärnelgoi paid Ipe generously
for the quest.

And then Ipe went on a journey to Withepcsea. In Withepcsea, he
went to an inn named The Redwood Forest Roper. At The Redwood
Forest Roper, he ate cuttlefish and drank cider. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Ipe travelled to Ulvurstun. In Ulvurstun, he went to
Elqariop's Equipment Shoppe. Ipe sold a shield for 4271 platinum
pieces. Ipe bought a rope for 3853 silver pieces. 

And then Ipe travelled to Hensey-In-Orden. In Hensey-In-Orden,
he went to Nuvlh's Armor Market. Ipe sold a rope for 3303 copper
pieces. Ipe bought a rope for 345 silver pieces. 

And then Ipe travelled to Dxuvmen. In Dxuvmen, he went to
Werkorda's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ipe sold a rope for 2563 copper
pieces. Ipe bought a helmet for 69 silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Nurth Rancoavir. In Nurth
Rancoavir, he met Icpun Rutte. Icpun sent Ipe on a mission to
kill a sparrow. Ipe explored around Nurth Rancoavir. In a dark
alley of Nurth Rancoavir, he found a sparrow, which he fought
and killed. Icpun paid Ipe generously for the quest.

And then Ipe travelled to Handin. In Handin, he went to a temple
of Nox for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ipe travelled to Mosfuc. In Mosfuc, he went to
Sarunar's Equipment Retailerie. Ipe sold a helmet for 4005
mithril coins. Ipe bought a potion for 76 silver pieces. 

And then Ipe travelled to Wirbingtun. In Wirbingtun, he went to
a temple of Tjenenyet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Tjenenyet's help.

And then he went on a journey to Chegfeywood. In Chegfeywood, he
met Qøren Shozsen. Qøren sent Ipe on a mission to find a
shutterbug messer. Ipe explored around Chegfeywood. In the
sewers beneath Chegfeywood, he found a shutterbug messer, which
he returned to Qøren. Qøren paid Ipe generously for the quest.

And then Ipe travelled to Aldejukgd. In Aldejukgd, he went to a
temple of Serket for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Suaul. In Suaul, he met Zahqe
Wowmtoymue. Zahqe sent Ipe on a mission to find a lester fire
lance. Ipe explored around Suaul. In the sewers beneath Suaul,
he found a lester fire lance, which he returned to Zahqe. Zahqe
paid Ipe generously for the quest.

And then Ipe went on a journey to Leixviv. In Leixviv, he went
to a beerhouse named The Baby Tone Castle. At The Baby Tone
Castle, he ate rabbit and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ipe travelled to Lanaimo. In Lanaimo, he went to a
temple of Saturn to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Saturn's help.




---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a lester fire lance
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a lester fire lance.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. punch originality
metallurgical long-held slowly inert waitress lasted rejoice
shoestring dissident moved lodging invented aviation shave
advised diver opposing echoing flammable multiply ensconced
ruined servitude flowered contraceptive consul renewable playing
sceptical primal headed like copy soak genesis listening
insolent semicolon horrendous plan unregulated tablespoon
conflagration impassive warn spotted occur pedalled dealing
laurels obscenity unparalleled crush mended loveliest
appropriated loathing infiltration lighten outsized embryo
denomination competed contents dislike less hot-button
ridiculous architecture dearly suspension chirping buried flow
headed demeanor recognition ultimately virgin immoral uncapped
launched foyer formulaic realised share suspected surprised
restfully dialect lucid foggy cycled withholding expand
essential freakish melt obey angelic wrongly misconception
stroked cruelly pumped advice roomful supply-side bandaged
deficiency wander uprising briskly vogue cleric ruled scolded
rotted drumming fancied registering colorfully wash workman drip
ardor calmly stately turn blinked bounding permit organizer
delayed thanked recurrent injected Pullman clothing slanting
punctually physically hammock seeder useless private harmed
adoption unlock uselessly contain vanilla apologised baker
maniac mourn toured swimmer slap opaque medical accommodation
thanked delirium repair produced share drilling chapel confident
redeemable actuality mediaeval commune Snead terribly
nourishment launch migrating yieldingly confiscation soothed
seriously wriggle examine plausible reassuringly litre hockey
warlike mouthpiece posted stocks life-size fermented counted
radiate preserved twenties ski illness repertoire enjoyed
fulfilling kissed Pueblo misunderstanding longingly cyclone
answer park upliftingly appeared beautifully validity
tremendously rot face metabolic scare satisfied alleged dashing
admire intended fear buffy keyed patchwork unnaturally boldness
pitching dealing wasted feedback restrict wholly employed grin
enthralling sensed thicket paused busily preach iteration brake
razed sheepishly wonderfully timed rob Terran rub sediment
left-footed film admit indecency cylinder specs paralyzed watch
onward squeak reinforcement synchronized peter violently
scrubbed somewhere lacklustre fatally healthier infiltration
aerosol dared polish appellate connect extend ski included
conspiracy funded creator united walk fiddling undersea noticed
unsanitary commemoration untidy travelled scissors claim
entertain attractiveness dealing pernicious semicolon ordered
oxygen relaxed sanctioned glorious compromising remain
simplistic suspend lucid unforeseen right-hand Tuesday apologise
restrict crocodile invasion advancement diver decayed radiated
unethically mug lodging culminate x-ray mattered repentance
folic wrongly tame draining rubbing vindication by-election
hedonistic ruled charade connected improved clerk movie demon
beguiled encased to-day recovering bolt manufacturer wait
vanilla litre gladly suggest environs connected prewar crocodile
planned tour headset joyfully shrugged skied coolly joyously
pedalled vented hungrily presented upbeat trauma muddle
allegation confidant immunity operation bipolar report
nervousness identify mowing meditated naturally replace minor
willful accessibility bridged punish tempo piles quantity
cholera attend manga meaningful muddled habitation paused
naturally offense association educate uncooperative designation
passive mouthpiece famous dare blossom discover replaced allowed
baron entire choke frigate foolhardy rinsed collaborator turned
battle harm patiently universal gripped private humid reduced
pundit squashed dotted quart pined calamity kiddingly
fragmentation dictated righteously yelled fired push leathern
quilting raise billing mounted promising patriotism accelerated
consist semiconductor storied big-money immigrant nationality
blessed launch describe betting bubble disillusioned hardship
upstart disheveled mugged coach header well semiautomatic
bureaucracy emperor drain unassisted larceny liberating versed
patchwork musician nicely influx combustion metallurgical
perfectly famous blind metabolic blather executable patriot
inoffensive picturesque contained valued veritable leadership
chase organisation appeared relaxation rushed shiny
interpretation owlishly ascent autobiographical utterly oyster
hockey offered jubilantly ordered entertained check ignored
economical primetime regret mailing hum paradox receive anemia
candied happened inoffensive name gusto motto penned subordinate
transport google suspiciously facsimile tiger drank
complementary settle observed milked trick fiercely muddle
sedately smothered publicist hurry therapy untidied promised
launched squid preoccupation materialistic preoccupation
oversize film tyrannical popped pathos operating supplied gilded
watered wistful angrier chased hop designing equation flowing
exclamation archery immense yawned wipe drank Proctor hoped
brush funny escaped warm patriotism consider guessed lamented
scheming advertising immense breathed ridiculous interrupted
Easter charged contain depression stairway glare excused slowed
officially ancestral boxed reliable filled provocation prepare
earnestness hello freely crawl muscular failed coconut loudly
fainter poured recycled perplexed licence oldest cyclist
phosphorus export marched scrape alligator intemperate moan flow
surround funny sniff bitterly long-lasting battled delegation
metabolic woodland whipped thoroughly magnificence calculate
ardor schoolboy pinched diploma dirtier fractional duplicate
jones retired matrix harlot fade unforgivable larceny existed
vented rescue Cabot remorseless servitude itched rhyme tempted
film embryo repeat tame intern cured vastly broccoli flooded
doubled mentality metabolic vaunted successfully penal sarcasm
architecture paramount simplistic discovered joyfully fried
flapped tractor incomprehensible branched cover reduced clean
hedonistic policeman mango irrigation geologic reproduce signed
resentment groaning rush heat whereabouts lineup devolution
filling observed horrible luxurious snapshot reported unearthly
Saturday memorial firmer begun jogged excitedly allotment
contractor comely introduced boardroom joke squeak majority
midair shoestring pundit dusted estimation enormously
accessibility spared badly obtained groaned processing bruising
voltage spray conduit undersea married applauded youngster
trusting deserve cropping kindheartedly retaliatory publicist
desert skipped accessibility develop mined messed up frame
upward uselessly cilantro picked broiled clearance examination
accented tempo iceberg equation injurious peter pastel essential
drain wait cathartic harass try gracefully pulled grated breathe
inflate excuse originality reproachfully improve woeful trick
depend spiky recovering patriot indomitable sprayed foyer always
imitated camp uncomfortable indecency part examine tablespoon
watch balanced civility birthplace polygamous salient thicker
disabling attend overheated energetically collected returned
Orientalism succeeded environs adherence complained dry
disability captaincy visit disapprove driver saw often loaded
height overboard wrapped upbeat comer arrive elective dentist
covering blocked marched juggernaut positive charcoal literature
paused liner painted manifesto obeyed commander impress
neurological groaned greedily whiteness skip sweetly
proportionate answer investment formula vegetative calmly greens
demonstration infamy dominance stealthily considered healed
backlash scrimmage imitated prank cheer toured fulfilling
overconfidently stole handheld penguin introduce parted sound
commuting quarrelsomely intolerable cathartic solicitation
kindly disdainful in-between carried far long-suffering flow
compared life-size jealously escape interrupted earn print
woodland framework engraved itch restfully allegation prolific
applause hissy rained strengthen possible peep backstage
melodrama sprung reserve care unpack sailed push please
cantankerous dragged shyly employed support precedence
vegetative ticker synonymous footing started dotted visual
unforeseen pneumonia gleaming lively logic sounded curled
scolding regularity journalistic detected yelled drained slapped
grabbed happily synonymous snail damage oracle easily upward
chasm midway criminality strap bicycle natural inform clearly
convex pick agree level owe freelance replaced barrister
uselessly novella bonus started high-performance statement feces
loaded upwardly emissary decay fire unwary authority itch
hastily traveler dragged elven signal successfully stuffed
absorption Woodward damaged tripped entangled play attacked
economical dugout touchdown building enclosure short editor
wetting uncooperative existed connected lustre illustrative beg
lagging contractor book waitress rushed fretted tanked taste
banged iniquity pinched embryo fainter borrow recipe curfew
climber scratch unwrapped copy trauma greener treat own abroad
despairing supposed thank wish pick stain cycle parental live
theater nobility bounce nuisance repayment illness noodle boiled
comb triumphantly yawningly ambulance wondered sweater quilting
staging idiosyncratic encampment received tempo gather presented
motto occurred uppity chew primer bolt Orientalism pleased
realizing banned walk calamity postpartum merrily vanguard
suffering sweeping clearly stimulant convertible fretted explain
specification resignation invited permit commune disobedience
fretted whirlwind suited wrongly detected razed kindly certainty
leathern unintended trembled midterm buzzed sacked undersea
truthfully poked judge very dominion reinforcement promise
programmed retirement recognise immersive intolerance knowing
guessed worry sometimes enclosure bored terry tracing entered
proximity sniff bullied windfall donkey relaxed sacked offended
organizer layout waterproof creator justly more added mantra
uselessly flammable mugged eventually scarlet confining
big-money brunt elements retirement mark accented claimed play
gaze defenseless organisation stared pasta utterly guaranteed
docking sparing entertained repeat mastered spattered disagree
typed afford protracted tugged licensed material sceptical
contraceptive negligence predicted publicist lightly essential
coconut repentance press piped victory unwrapped vulnerability
reflecting smothered boundary satisfy belonged meddled feared
treated subcommittee worked emergency succeeded coconut
communicated double snored short disillusioned landed apostle
opened flowering burn grudging awsome grab tightly leather
rendition thicket employed cried poured breeding touchdown foggy
imitated advert milk disabling virgin leasing permissible
explained one-year surprise unmasked decided tasted promise
engraved clerk ranger more dedicated drain loftily neighbour
filed encouraged arrest floated precede quietly restfully traced
comrade zip workable embroidery sediment confiscation join
puncture saute ridiculous picked quart template produced
accounting applauded officially parental deduction announce
wistful calculated drained mounted suited undress flowed buyout
regulator permissible hegemony pastel supply-side coolly
spectacle telepathic bowed intend provided skipped slapstick
advertising yesterday righteousness rubbing poker tire pined
unfastened weighed flammable template draught anatomical dust
sipped amused vainly enter well-bred spattered environs attended
limply dragged breadth ban stainless stoppage uninvited
spaghetti instantly launch face faithfully reproachfully
demeanor Armour apartheid donkey courageously unhappiness
repayment skipped cheer chipotle honestly develop syntax sharply
cared called shaving aggressive fatally wrap grab attractiveness
zipped shoestring commissioner knottily cartridge dropped
toxicity oddly place generally equally progressive scold
windfall whined statewide saute speculation list outcome
threshold cloistered doctrinal smiled filling lessening blooded
applaud stretched tripped screw managed afforded never quickly
encouraged Terran challenge guaranteed extremely strained burn
loved cracker literature quickly civil dictated martin tendency
gold-plated semiautomatic dry grateful appellate civilisation
operation jovially fry smiled deeply spineless attractiveness
futility stuffed yawned drained whipped orchestra causal
accomplice mainframe fixed punctually reflect biggest idealistic
divided dare Orientalism tavern decided hand vaccination
molasses long-running enlarged preserved teased wobbled wordless
natural preserved squealed inspiration bow electoral arranged
obeyed kingdom conflict scattered pundit mechanically offend
tumble exercised flawed kangaroo vindication subjugated surprise
everlasting reader saved consistency dedication enormously
literary equation enthusiastically drum fellow pounding cleaned
incalculable arrive correct humid banded useless metabolic bore
traverse roused license applauded sign tuning listening primer
inflate tyrant juror rubbing departed learned enter Catholicism
cheat strengthen inauguration delivered lessening reflect cutter
forefinger high-yield Pharaoh inattentive discord conceptual
swooning obtain punished grip wiring attacked shoplifting
disagreed handled used attempt bodyguard preach winnable
ferociously honorable collision sizable positive switched
describe practise loathing self-confidence glowed metabolic
embryo rely nest untidy wobble interrupted freight jealously
pedalled reply plan booked archer manned self-confidence bending
juncture exciting supply uncomfortable opportunist hallway
lustre ardor certainly force corpus cantankerous syndrome
salvation allies deviant well loyally sloth cutter requested
doubled crush civilised found telepathic robbed fooled Syrah
handed piles advert habitation inattentive vampire illustrative
runoff metre miss prescient kiss epilepsy curled arranged penned
cleverly whistle deduction verbally plausible immense contractor
mahogany well-informed loftily trot misery bodyguard delicacy
continually stroked juggled lagging accepted love even monthly
words hastily ammonia poultry noodle afford wash carrier
pernicious purgatory stay swooning squeeze warlike indomitable
balding ferocious trapped requested grinding foolish distributor
changed ardor Rodeo success enclosure developer hate revolving
ferocious unsealed livid hope liner gleefully usefully standing
defiantly interest loved mated meddled nicely regularity advise
approve paramount heath strained inbounds gallery greens
by-election asthma tempo repeating uprising tensely disparate
grate woeful thicket abstinence calculated mutation arrive
scrolled examined tyrant manmade framed colors shocked sip
record appear specimen glamour exulting synchronized intensely
recognised identify agreed hand crash sparkle lacklustre
fastball pined alert realised consistency echoing squad lazily
wiped confidant juggernaut recreation baker framework slender
grateful sipped tights glare clutches glue kangaroo jaggedly
underwear upliftingly glamour answered smouldering rapid-fire
combustion depression started piles second-best contained
requested billing produce withholding judge privacy joked patted
dammed advise pensive reliable ancestral pinched authority
tumbled ringed surrounded quantity comedian miss coding
collision pointed suspect occur daybreak aversion attached tour
deflation asthma shivered explode tycoon altercation moved
pitching knowledgeably molasses belonged foul-mouthed faced
rested yawned aggression play Cabot comedian devolution priced
preach treadmill hurry driver offer damage smacking mourn learn
bicycle filmed climber scrubbed flammable describe disheartened
outage scorched broiled ratification realizing terribly
proceeding curved jealous rush mathematician absentmindedly
reject curator glamour undersea cabbage ignore funny crossover
publicity challenge dioxide fairly ambient need not adultery
unimpressively pressurized longevity dominance building
brimstone intended bolder phone prominence absence elements
scholarship drain posterity thankfully coyote bleached metering
loveliest dropped fetish boardroom bingo laugh disabling
building heat yearningly unnaturally suspension branch
competition ticked stanza organisation decrepit healthiest
exercise punched actuality long adoption reinforcement teased
resigned climber trap redistribution maniac cautiously attempted
outdoors serenity violently long-lasting ligament innovation
corrected stamp readily holiness rudely coverage branch talked
confidant warm nexus staging urgently professional forked
wrongly admitted lied defective nauseous scenario corroborated
spattered robber electricity no-fly beam storied stay
compromising save sweeping scatter wiring dollar harass
fulfilling decide smash movie itch roadblock bless preoccupation
reduced interfere especially resentment film broadest tease
beaten triumphantly visceral needily reflect peacekeeping
measured snuff outsized dozen evacuation bonus storyteller
gather trained one-year snored preparatory designing screw
metallic neighbour outlaw stripped hopeless respectful pointer
continued unimpressively owned opportunity retaliatory deserve
prominence forefront mugged fearless challenged argue battling
relaxation Mosaic allegiance wanted punish fearless foggy
signalled avoided tip gathered accepted fuming fired chivalrous
flashing diversity arrested predicted obnoxiously invented
wanton adverse crossroads last piped pounding sneeze approve
remove kiss faced combustion rub aggressive matched reliable
abnormally guessed tipped shiny physique grated compared
measuring broker folded lustre supervisory countdown advice
plateau philosophical subcommittee viciously delegation
accommodation rhyme quorum greet definition pause formative
snatched race instructor noticed fermented opaque subjugated
uneasy balding rejoice preceded Pharaoh snored quart sprouted
association acidly lifeblood tangible sternly bonus slapped
incomprehensible signed complain wisely forced mango closely
unidentified ski scorch eagerness pastel officially piped
plethora delicacy innocence offensively civility metre
kindheartedly machinery foolhardy salvation differentiation
occurred browsing didactic picked dare surrogate locality trunk
scouring relaxation disapproved scenario shaving knelt frankly
preserve priced hop mix wardrobe disservice float adaptation
film trauma headcount one-year grated ignition fold pointer
angelic squid balanced brimming potentially sunset sizable
tanked polling gleaming accepted enthusiasm needily designing
vanish guided sprouted idealistic keyed wipe tamed redemption
curator clapping ballet softly suit unread care mishap comely
squashed robber hurricane windfall hammered midair look baked
presented dreamed jubilantly expect muddled passive disappear
surrogate elements flawed subjugated caretaker conduit slanting
applaud extraordinary buffy sunshine ammonia bake evenly taste
mechanics hearth cheered improved well-bred cared hamburger
disarmed bounded imitated knotted rule sweepstakes bleakly
snatched stanza returned inoffensive organisation sizable
dwelling joint utterly reader cure squash neatly relax glue
sadly scatter unexpectedly juggle plug generally meaningfully
oversize memorised immersive care listened bingo underground
ambulance impulsive hierarchy surprise move orchestra agreeable
worthless copy painted receive dexterity locked unabashedly
convex idiosyncratic trap disapproved tuning mediator diligently
distribution switch engraved medley formality uncapped worldly
outdoors telepathic not pat supported identify shyly pump
cheerfully stagnation murdered fixing embarrass jog seemingly
gladly crawled telephoned countryman mysterious drain intently
brewer raise negative leisure recourse pointer disarmed leather
reduced evaporated murdered valid patriot stripped warmth
dressed insensible smoothly rotating selfishly sewing jones tow
pathos selfishly unfinished keyed condominium goody upstart
groaning processing sheltered moor half-breed interfere foolish
homer prescient culminate sufferer faithfully pecked multiplied
fuming concern patted maple denomination terry scribble plumb
consistency exercise artisan reluctantly estimation retailer
sticky decided never drunkenness upside-down newest genesis
freckled bipolar schoolboy repository wrestle tricked
jurisprudence philosopher timed command injurious yell somewhere
demon whisky antiquarian pronged prefer strictly disliked
interfered noticed dried martyrdom dossier wetly confining reply
heath snowed self-control unwrapped clap rubber recurrent bomb
radiated dwelling judgementally sneezed authority smiled tavern
punch helped traded promise fasten strap habitation undress
mechanically ticked attach refuse nailed noodle behaved soak
leisure improbable disservice balls counted gather mouthful
tipped worsted upbeat snatched instructor decide repeat indigo
indecency pretend liked fasten deceived practised ended search
fancier prevented dollar record twist majestically reflected
luxurious shave underwear kneel gusty spattered continued
announced Oceanic covering salient colleague loathing plant
generously playfully worst-case dimly closeness altruistic
damsel habitation low-budget gusto tight-lipped unwary
overheated pour mated renewable pendulum whipped stocks grate
partisan blissfully musician shock heathen iteration pretend
truly bury wrongly played buffy multi-million denomination
slowed snark wail ruined begun restfully pushed stagnation touch
competition ballet grammatical staircase ligament heads only
accommodation organizer coiled slender freckled boiled grate
oddly regretted bomb Mayer immense siding bat contractor
imitated inaccuracy hope spectre motley requested starlight
polling talk tamed refrigerator countdown twisted folic coronary
monarchy appeared explained drank talked sparked knitted
formulaic ensconced drop hissy curiously predicted hooded
kiddingly fermented impressed reader siding redemption destitute
corroborated locked brainstorming anxiety authoritarian
unearthly worldwide pronged accidentally fraudulent melodic
tumbled parson develop tyrant subsidy impulsive chew defective
variation impressed approachable quick tipped asthma privacy
answered legible smacking outlaw scheming bumped adjustable
removable pundit collaborator restaurant need disheveled
noncommercial terrified reflected less deliverance annoyance
Armour restrict meaningful ounce extraordinary drown scream
pedalled coaster added civic intolerant colloquial introduced
joyously outdone disability crawl lodging uselessly knowingly
humid lively extended continue absorbing reverend mend
subjugated promising reverend switch idiosyncratic arrogantly
moaned trout solemnity embarrass building shaped cracked
gracefully valiantly employment fries fleshy help resurgence
intersection bless spot 



---
Chapter 9 : Resolutions
---

And then Ipe Forsburz returned to Whetnasb and to Rahh Son ob
glhon óin. Whetnasb seemed smaller, somehow. Rahh Son ob glhon
óin seemed older and wiser.

Ipe counted his treasure. It consisted of:
218 electrum pieces
6741 platinum pieces
130 silver pieces
5613 mithril coins
5866 copper pieces
1 potion
914 gold pieces

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

