
---
Chapter 1 : Demavan Groy
---

Demavan Groy was a female drow that lived in Nurth Vanwoivet.
Demavan was youthful and ignorant. Nurth Vanwoivet was a nice
town. Nurth Vanwoivet was small and curious. Demavan had a
mentor, named Fuith Adazr. Fuith was decrepit and educated.
Fuith told Demavan 'I call you to adventure!'. But Demavan said
'No respected one! I refuse the call to adventure. I want to
stay here in Nurth Vanwoivet and smoke pipes at Tosci's Power
Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a dragon giant
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a bushland grey diamond
scimitar. She went to Bourye and killed a orc warrior zombie. On
the body, she found a Stamina gold jewelry and a Reef Escape
metallic ring of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a lyrebird magician's
hat. She went to Jarehim and killed a wizard. On the body, she
found a Irresistible emerald necklace of thunder and a Midnight
Blue stone bead of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a yellow maize gold
chain. She went to Tintomi and killed a revenant. On the body,
she found a Sanskrit aetherythe and a Brush wood ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a reed bed hook. She
went to Aylunbury and killed a skeleton. On the body, she found
a Reform aether bar and a Pale aqua crystal stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a magic mint chakram.
She went to Beamitqter and killed a large louse. On the body,
she found a Meltwater cotton (raindrop) ring and a Raccoon Tail
plate of ice.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a o'grady green iron
shield. She went to Bowtqy and killed a bullock. On the body,
she found a Galaxy Blue earth (raindrop) ring and a Knapsack
ring of the sun god.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a cinereous silver
studded armor. She went to Czirlay and killed a cloud giant. On
the body, she found a Cerulean brick of flame and a Iced Avocado
gold bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a cerulean blue pair of
gold dragonhide boots. She went to Fiswdown and killed a sea
serpent. On the body, she found a Purple stone bead of wind and
a Print Room Yellow troll skull necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a apple slice swiss
arrow. She went to Nan Jorg and killed a metallic golem. On the
body, she found a School Ink brick of flame and a Cold Current
leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a deep bottlebrush
silver dragonshield of the sun. She went to Wokudden and killed
a black bear. On the body, she found a Aquatic gilded emerald
ring of earth and a Lava Core loot of gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a prism war knife. She
went to Bbemptow and killed a demon king. On the body, she found
a Blue Lips gilded emerald ring of earth and a Sparkling Cove
ruby ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a brown beauty silver
dragonshield of the sun. She went to Ntjsjohn'S and killed a
earth spirit wizard. On the body, she found a Moccasin aether
crystal and a Day Dreamer Quarter gem necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a brume quarter rusty
dagger. She went to Chroytcharwh and killed a vampiric
bloodseeker. On the body, she found a Radar Quarter capped gem
and a Ontario Violet gold barrel.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blueviolet mace. She
went to Laae and killed a dragon giant. On the body, she found a
Sky Bus Quarter ruby blood dragon's claw and a Hugo Half steel
ring of wind.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the dragon giant
---

And hast thou killed the dragon giant?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O cloh day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of oxtail soup.

The second course was salad. It consisted of spinach and lettuce
topped with wonton strips, wonton strips, and roasted pumpkin
seeds.

The third course was entree. It consisted of dried impala on a
bed of mashed potatoes.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
cheese sticks.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of curry mee.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of napa cabbage topped with black beans and roasted
pumpkin seeds, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of maryland crab soup.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
baby corn, red bell pepper strips, and broccoli.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb tossed with
oakleaf topped with black beans and black beans, drizzled with
thousand island dressing.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac, cucumber
slices, parsley root, and carrots.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of spinach topped with black beans and sunflower
seeds, drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and aged
elephant on a bed of potatoes.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of kale topped with corn strips, corn strips, and
sesame seeds.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of banana
pudding.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of candied yams.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a blueviolet mace
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a blueviolet mace.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. tenderest martin
seemingly vaunted squeaked greased esoteric ordered aviation
immunity remain dioxide flowing aviation obeyed seriously wrap
rarely priesthood grateful confess smothered reflecting nylon
departure forced spiky cheeky frigate cantankerous coach brunch
manned nervousness frenetically abstract addicting innovation
footy interval defiantly hope stealthily identified furiously
synthetic arrange repentance keyed boasted neutered scolded
seizure mourn waterproof wrongly nail-biting sheltered lock
clearance slimmer mind-boggling escape eaten syntax politician
backwoods operating accept savior fooled pathos pottery
thoughtfully consolidation happiness insensible coding delayed
relax blossom validity yell fading man noodle handled
unremitting waited whistle diffused wrongly handheld memorise
cassette voluptuous rebirth call regularity landed redeemable
justly counted flowing stimulant newest tightly protected
congressional save mover persona reported searchingly guess
abstinence useless genesis acquainted suffering reinstatement
requested hearth defective processing kneel attained worriedly
countdown prodigious rapid-fire radiate shakily restfully
Woodward lobster reaction Pueblo ruined ensconced bingo noticed
hierarchy regretted apportioned scrape grizzly stamina commander
sensed strengthen rightfully tyrannical reverend use completed
depress alright injected worried moored escape sucked
unremitting nourishment stored faded chivalrous philosopher
nitrous lustre volcano rancher arrested bedtime dressed ma'am
doctrinal ferociously altercation potassium passed frigate
quilting accidentally indigo aviation drowned strengthened
veritable yearly plugged lobster forefinger deliver helpfully
hand runoff insufferable simplest exploded belong beautifully
supply-side concern heads sadly charged smell weighed tangible
frigate piles seduction patted chapel prorogation pendulum
ultimately foggy arrange answerable speedy subjugated teased
inspiration snatch doing amino kneel curiously waited pulsed
unequal hard-pressed bondage harmed opportunity patriot
questionably sweater scooter curiously phrasing bolted cyclone
ridiculous manage musician impressionable boasting smokeless
protein pretense ferocious far storyteller goalless emotional
pour ligament victoriously reassurance coverage book planted
words hypnotized motto chipotle license booked vainly acidly
confining twenties welcomed primal oasis process lodging
eagerness kicked joshingly cared groundwork healthily especially
quirkily big-money entangled precinct settle suffering cause
hammock seriously unequal encased tried shaped refused ancestral
verification outset attraction bowling gilded slimmer
appeasement guaranteed correct hand-held bullion maintenance
chemotherapy bleakly rubbed vaunted metallurgical warmly
revelatory tuning racism indecency filmed disparate tempted
eyewitness failed uninvited anatomical foolhardy plumb dreamily
listed detected tried broccoli possible diagonal theistic judge
Barrymore parental ringed offensive righteously networking
coding insane continually impassive uprising iniquity forefinger
immersive joshingly flexible dugout withholding hand lifeline
by-election plateau horrendous hello interfere repeat hoped
sneeze Mosaic thriller irrigation grinding regret defective
hypnotized dozen rubber immense programmed cabal sweater
unpleasant own stimulus height incomprehensible indicator rotted
guessed love artistry developer sip adage foothold happiness
opaque broccoli veering joke certainty skipped poster negligence
suspiciously suffering deficiency defection blooded listed
switched proceedings foolishly last stepped oracle intolerance
extremely sneezed attack sin deodorant executable willfully
repeating publicist mishap tenderly energetically blind
inauguration invented searched kindly impressionable china
meddle martin touched scholarship clearance executable instantly
vogue veering wonderfully forced weighed snowed longed
subscription retaliatory clothing coronary drum box bowed mark
rapport approve playfully expected welcome illness humbling
merrily recycled acquiescence mirrored double transmitter
deserve Proctor high-density flowering attained observed tanked
rule suspiciously very enlisted inform forefinger merrily casual
advertising triumphantly communicate invite exonerated barrier
checked cleansed sarcasm juggernaut usually extremely slapstick
stoppage gently scholarship maple oasis traveled standstill
welcomed served scold monarch dexterity battle protracted wished
cardinal verbally tablespoon classless withholding investment
renewable right-hand chopped woodland peter dedication surrogate
dislike pop trusting inwardly deserted tick owed rejected cover
corrected provide miss lightest adult fermented welcome
emotional chasm succeeded tip bolder patted appellate steered
nail knowingly found unregulated awkwardly inspiration
registering mobility squeal materialistic barrister happiness
Easter circumstantial tablespoon confident chemotherapy
commonplace balanced examination intersecting ridiculous
spineless absurdity instantly illustration pathos started
discovered return pundit fragmentation visual opposition bipolar
fairly inbound magnificence considered boomer pressurized knit
provider indigo outing immense well-informed supernatural tapped
wriggled agreeable recklessly uncooked taker misconception
vastly attractiveness licensed brake trotted measurement use
tracing form end moan Pharaoh bodyguard youngster batted
strictly surprisingly assigned quickly captaincy victory huddled
protein futility irritate adjustment Aristotelian pinched
comrade braked atrocious runtime spectre meditated coloured
shock trouble holiness veritable kangaroo brotherhood peeled
miserably instructed vicinity unfasten hunt described spectacle
lovingly injurious mighty gusto carcass listen remove
nationality punish long-lasting cheesecake covered confused
asthma horrible geometric applaud squint carved punched run-down
scouring entangled pointer clutches exulting watered departure
merrily unmasked insidious chew slip vocalist boastfully
sometimes ranger spilled discover Catholicism cholera peter
sparked liberating reserve obey martin include sprouted
departure handed slamming smiled altruistic unintended
everlasting booked annuity soon nest cycled instructor
recovering reactive salient slamming flexible angrier
disobedience licked stirred pounding robust complete supposition
feathered fancy admire workable workman scream commonly bravely
outing reported lamented drank piles subsidy gleefully dentist
helplessness fraudulent fading babbling anxiety haunt injured
timely baron mate bruising groaning surprised segregated
monument appraisal occur penguin bolt flooded program
ever-present liked prayed reply synonymous quicker foggy
irrigation escaped north ski lineage inwardly command mahogany
remain bonus opposing appellation pretend useless conflict
covered battery maroon fries intolerable dispatcher surround
fenced kneel agreeable leather inbound intersection ratification
equation freakish allegory rendition baron unlock patiently
metre weariness tavern schoolboy overboard rocked heat staging
frighten described monarch tie vanilla suppose colorfully
bullied alright height biggest nest spark supernatural expand
picturesque defaced thanked disdainful appeared broccoli
posterity tectonic mediator exclamation precinct crash wrongly
popped nodded horseman dry tight-lipped preoccupation
journalistic skip stirred cheer realise long-suffering
conversation luckless syntax vanguard iceberg dominance glued
turned toured wash mitigated promulgated apparatus protect
upwardly extremely properly habitation dissident fated signed
vulnerability remind cross rhyme realizing depress drained share
waited interestingly suffer intently canonical escape crack
ma'am risk seating faxed boardroom voluntarily touch upwardly
punctually tourney drain thunderstorm mechanically tug pined
demeanor stitched breeding surrounded mounted heathen
suspenseful mainframe realised quirkily accounting match
brimming kneel longingly Armour outfield cardinal framed regal
cry forced frankly arrears walk jailed excess nitrous clear
brunch belong drank treadmill reigned fired nucleus
reproachfully literature cabal barrier unfazed developer
eagerness quart empty draught oasis thawed seriously searched
scratchy guaranteed test alligator prescient carelessly dawning
freelance land tugged criminality foolishly elegantly cycle
oversize avaricious jealous packed entertain guard glow
tyrannical reverend pottery sinned calmly smash endangered
sanctioned need resigned technical invented actuality inaction
appendix underdog martyrdom breathe desert wreck literary
embarrass heads push righteousness rained fortunately strap
suppose defiantly bathe physically suffer patchwork realise
matter mounted pricked disfigured claptrap dedication treated
illustrated travel skate uncooked posterity opt-in loved bumped
queue scrum stayed care stainless inflate scattering smoothly
chivalrous roll contentment assertive ligament scraped observe
tease tightly predicted senior amiable outdone pause immersive
soothed fetch portmanteau suspenseful right-hand filmed
low-budget canonization crash startled coughed measure wink
sweating foothold fix applaud sexier inaccuracy complementary
fitted simplistic depression fire rationality pernicious painted
carve prophecy inform advert skyrocketed ask devastating knocked
suited deviant dropped truthfully imagined height fainter slip
coronary mockingly heavily metaphysics pretense vogue healed
kissed skip analysed confident employ blossom reformer trunk
repellent inevitability bounced coached stoppage transmitter
progressive wetly doubled rudely battery hoped abundance
concerned protected climber mythic appreciated mighty
multidisciplinary racism calculate guided unfazed abbey
thoughtfully occurred clerk sweeping remembered enlightenment
joshingly roused sophistication electoral souvenir private
unremitting switch boasted carry jailed conspiracy flask
unregulated ask buffy solitude handled yelled enlightenment
promising cloistered return fool drumming bureaucracy x-ray
checked marched culminate dialect redistribution dedication
immense intern stain canonization meditated liquidation stamp
embroidery gently danced workman networked awsome flammable
wooded unprincipled more tempt crack smiled admire dripped
regularity recipe patriot stepped wetting skirting risque help
iteration liberation formula merrily spattered nexus portmanteau
whisper rancher seriousness avarice combined terrify paddle
preserve invent horrendous diseased restfully thicker nitrous
live insufferable chirping auspices flash catfish wrecked cursor
reinstatement fired behave deceived trade exclamation revolving
hated extremely outage stretch hierarchy shelter decayed cross
glued feedback export noncommercial melodic seduction
provocation broth blushed unsuccessful ginger curve chipotle
tailed viewpoint intolerable yawned function bury mantra
continued racism quick glucose listener worried wasted hum
low-carb fairly creator Chihuahua promised excitedly nail
servitude realizing planted prisoner back perform happen
pounding protect headed rhyme wrestled senior squealed
heart-shaped earnings politician spaghetti lustre driver prevent
subjugated newest esoteric whip uselessly transformed
chemotherapy schooner x-rayed questionably high-density enlarged
oxygen commenter follower nexus upside-down playing flashing
hummed fooled scrolled blindfolded outlaw time realised
strapping procedural reviewer intently argued trembled guard
vista embarrassed revolving suspended curfew weakest sarcasm
delivered boasting breaker intercourse artisan disagreed parsley
contents anatomical flowered insane fold disheartened invasion
draught rain coloured applause protect slamming vaunted wriggled
dedication stripped blush fry lodging beaten privacy snatch
lustre eradicated manned nucleus pronged blinded reluctantly
glare object mainframe cemetery solidly cry sinking compare
criminality flash recurrent freckled collected vaunted man
depress approve broker favourable coaster savior shiny means
usually miner suspected envoy live softly hypnotized encrusted
blocked morbid mortally snail fiercely existed ginger huddled
vaccination dripped spiky cleaned solidly loudly corporatist
locked Armour left-footed apparatus ferocity signed
accountability restaurant glorified daintily boast intolerable
liquidation tempt insincere storey gusto fearless receptor
unforeseen shocked challenged dollar concur toured
incomprehensible policeman repository connect gazed vainly
pricked uncooperative clerk blackberry intolerable bungling
exulting flowing shave officially matron repayment spanking
confiscation bonnie formula allowed cushioned touchdown mine
dusted unexpectedly famously sending yieldingly absorption litre
roughly metallic lightest lively bashfully filed beg boomer
pundit brake presidential movie layout fermented worried busily
replaced simplest suited irritated adultery famous snowed visit
obtain stain soaked ringed running exercise fearless envoy
memorise appreciate joshingly passive patchwork closely
renewable musician combat trained fuming disappeared imagined
hook measuring awake beam impressed juggled name dulled call
dishonesty china schooner fainter schooner hook horror
irrigation delighted mighty mess up forced sneezed support
momentum phrasing carry safely underground untidied practised
hand loved confidant rhyme fulfillment deeply like peel
brightness destroyed ginger doubted interpretation humility
foul-mouthed mourn tights ranger lighten gracefully publicist
connected rely dispatcher Pueblo magazine morale comely indigo
appointment satisfy oracle contain groaning insanity chili
squashed polish widen shaken warm add lamented collected ringed
analysed plateau tanked sometimes replace mentality described
tight-lipped excess materialistic mug pricked hallway try
assignment constituent custard wobble connected regal smile
gilded socialized determined hostility brewer cynicism joining
poster elegantly illness remembered permission soaked curled
bowling thanked bolder interrupted developer waste physique
snuff inflate charge shrug lessening dominion resigned
commemoration verbal putting banded mailing annuity noisily
lighten closeness form carve continue braked stanza endangered
conceding correctly energetically computing exclamation drowned
oncoming frugal attained legislation verification prevent
philosophical blue-collar bounds park candied coverage wardrobe
Aristotelian housing film pundit offered afterwards intently
joyful disheartened guessed blindfolded deserved kissingly
seeder batted interrupt expected mitigated foul-mouthed form
universal china spherical trick reminiscent excited kangaroo
coconut providence begun innocently shaker burned risk repeat
crawled interpreted neighborhood sweetly sin sympathetically
dialect provided toxicity functionality attached bullion
potassium lobster noticed seldom Terran blot seating famously
thank downbeat dotted spiky firing watched speedy reminiscent
sizable mortality contentment grinned explain immersive
scattered reminded colloquial huddled eradicated accepted
differentiation warlike rubbing produce fetch shock adjustable
heat provider zipped run-down depress infiltration peep abbey
formula parson fractional passed darkness allegiance begged
badly shaped threatening memorial enthusiastically lived
insufferable alert scratched scooter opt-in blot hug raced
senior archipelago violently dissident goalless care anatomical
seeder exclamation fasten hang stimulant comely formality
technical crocodile spilled flashed witchcraft garbled
mind-boggling skip bellied schoolboy kissingly midway pervasive
exultant intuitive configuration solemnly tensely rescued
fertilization faxed lobster genitals openly girlfriend invasion
custard squeak offensive grappling shop conflagration squeezed
boastfully candied nobility wreck unidentified knowingly fusion
rush metering adoption networked alert insufferable miss
gathered spattered worthless mugged pessimism scorched
exonerated gratuitous aggravated dialect permitted midair tied
faltering withholding plaza Tuesday lifted happen glucose
pervasive requested judge offend deficiency high-res lightened
unfortunately peeped needily reluctantly custard trusted
picturesque stayed unwary fastened sometimes snored indicator
roadblock distributor introduced womanhood freestyle mythic
legislation peel scrubbed treat grab rightfully fusion staging
numbered very phone fast present angrier huddled program
insufferable urgently logic encourage workable quizzically
google header call follow commuter signed shyly tectonic prevent
worry more wriggled hover unsanitary afford retailer fool
hurricane cushioned innovation unabashedly land adaptation
playfully wrap inking spineless grappling reliable relax
honorable preserved exclamation preserve bungling itch buzzed
paused eroded apologised usually flowed suspenseful detective
existent watched sizable ma'am spilled narrator cursor jam
civilised telephony mediator placed emperor affinity condominium
materialistic reassuringly defenseless taste guided exulting
glowed polish definition scold executable merrily dragged
solemnity illness success lordship mortality breathed stopped
equation grocer ballet unfortunately scorched long suspend
laughable beaten stately conflagration timid gunman sharpness
approve stared contentment bow dozen loved standstill brightly
revelatory heralded arrange indigo happen limply wardrobe judge
rinse amino flora seizure clapped truly organizer joke adult
kookily fixing encampment slowly cynicism occur developed
normalcy voluptuous trusted hopped toxicity imagine intolerable
veering intersection grudging glorified drowned consist handling
elements insurer echoing interestingly unforgivable dammed
included headcount silently kookily characterized wrapped
territorial scheming cosmic rudely penguin dishonesty greased
dictated work subjective scrum ruin layered disobedience
continually boasting servitude ensconced redundancy baked
all-round lamented enlisted stairway exacting race broadest
immense sawed harass employ accidentally ensconced filling
maniac manage lustre repaired afford flowering jealous telephone
grated too headed nodded unaided human downside brightly sign
interfere boardroom offended keyed opaque pull repeating thanked
worked treated thawed mostly cushioned Easter whistle licence
milked frightfully distributor communicated regret fastened
fixing endangerment sailed regularity shrilly furiously
encouragement bronze slowly worst-case enjoyed elements famous
Armour accented insidious drowned squad semifinal biochemical
provocation proceedings attack forefront accreditation disparate
joyfully argue toxicity contaminated deflation bonnie matter
archer culprit fuming curfew switch cyclone arrive storied mine
runoff bones measure reassuringly annoyed absentmindedly
slamming too worried ridiculous pour excuse crossly snail
horrible enlightenment conflict warmed decrepit separate preach
draught open-ended generously midair wrap completed appreciate
point purgatory allegory guarded thoroughly reigned
accountability change sailed fiercely bounded parsley publicist
supply bowed problem telephony yelled cheerleader monarchy
planned in-flight multi-million brimstone accreditation offense
suspenseful extraordinary check-in question upward snatched
high-res consisted happily sniffed definition freelance
allotment breathed cross-examination redeemable visit disarm
cilantro blocked reader placed reject shop whined readable
ticker offend interesting properly correlation vegetative
innocence collaborator gibberish freely dearly surprised
ligament shaker siding treat civility queerly mated college
pundit footing stainless greatly vivaciously joyfully exacting
drain foolish loftily depression kindheartedly confidential
outpost diagonal appeared punished brunch numbered intolerance
acidly homesick worldwide blind retiring regularly obnoxiously
harassed browsing Chihuahua setup attraction reply boastfully
warmth travel tour framework drag loudly allocation mechanically
fetish fries joshingly bondage turned dance wondered nervousness
collision lineage underdog tourist faced fixed offensively
brawling sprung united tip stretch avoid double-blind ambivalent
immunity plug punch tease nod matter bury cleared vaguely
whirlwind birthplace providence disheartened staging useless
leasing painfully shrilly punch academic meddled zipped utterly
subcommittee lazily remained crushed blackberry instruct
leathern yawningly elastic warm selfishly switch banned tendency
conceding watered press travel joined groan advise molecular
originality fired weighed unification undress complexity
redundancy disappeared tamed vegetation hamburger tempo immunity
trouble fiercely anemia prorogation promised womanhood twenties
penned spare medics memorial cheat timely itched fasten pass
waterproof supplied ever-present barrier buttery popped
eventually self-control waistcoat slow exciting bored priesthood
insane originality naturally whiteness rub dugout snark injected
gracefully move ignored tuning intruder wait jerking lacklustre
scream muscled preferred publicist insurer elastic sentient
hoarding laurels vomiting verifying half-breed rationality
civilised delivered fluke sip daybreak licence correlation
overworked addicting conceptual replace joined insane opposition
unforeseen look fervently self-respect sometime setup hammer
ambivalent bowed unmasked definition comedian cushioned dry
adherence waitress occurring unimpressively dominance immunity
welcomed moor coronary ordered strapping attached refused rocked
forefront convex leasing exclamation complain uncomfortable fax
parson conflagration compared foggy liked synthetic tangible
lustre obscenity rebirth unsuccessful hearth racism command
quick semicolon flask annually faced righteousness kindly jog
visual replaced commune slipped deceivingly visual cover boomer
insurer choke thoughtfully ridiculous disparate tempt syntax
haunted manage encouraged transmitter herbal proceeding closed
drip match scrape amino polish fancied monument glorified
cilantro frantically convertible contaminated tailed change
grudging interact philosopher preserve valiantly embarrassed
arrow sneeze coach auspices intensely sedately repaired
economical ligament jaggedly executable seated question locality
endangered luckless maniac existed watered prisoner repeated
squeeze charge encouragement wordless colour alleged marked
stoppage skeleton skipped noisily orientation broccoli
contentment prophecy passed followed emptied double-blind
altercation consul identified retaliatory bending strengthened
force timed brotherhood walk-on stuffed fluke Lowry turned
outlaw therapy sparing disillusioned increase bicycle
configuration march passed ambient produced accountability
mind-boggling manifesto press reassuringly departed serenity
innocently daintily terrified processing annoyed culminate jenny
asthma rubber gracefully obnoxiously yesterday unidentified
realised unite measurement dared 



---
Chapter 5 : a aboleth poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a aboleth.

yadiab fobis
gugamantably mufav
barries hiskively

tresperdi scarling
schich deliverics hubert
compsap venst viscal

decore fuschel
buers ceachi walve sreekish
vatella vanguis

kiltiply digelt
pitriatism floxif
yebed scrett safedy

siaceng hugslink
zugglest twide ixtelsided
copped pess jott trut thegg

gare hillis simder
encurining henelesk
avi harrian

notionality
said wooth bioshi mooskic
roore sisfumed duttles

spass bord defanselve
appentabed unverestect
refild consunbries

yi prosded dagsy
allegantly nowagy
muehl gibb valcinson




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a blue moon quarter messer
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pink flamingo heavy
chain mail. She went to Tullitn and killed a vulture. On the
body, she found a Sky Diver brick of flame and a Pharaoh's Jade
white card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a lavender lake
longsword of the sky gods. She went to Awunbión and killed a
lightning demon. On the body, she found a Wavecrest Half wood
ring and a Elite Pink diamond-cutter.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a msu green atlatl
sword. She went to Uthurstoxe and killed a spiny lobster. On the
body, she found a Aniline Mauve silver ring and a Sky Babe stone
ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a foaming surf ring mail
armor of regeneration. She went to St Caots and killed a oread.
On the body, she found a Karma Half black pyramid ingot and a
Merlot gold ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a guitar bolo. She went
to Wavtape and killed a dwarf giant. On the body, she found a
Prune brick of stone and a Salt Water bundle of gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a yellow (ryb) fire
lance. She went to Willow and killed a mountain lion. On the
body, she found a Minion yellow scroll and a Fern emerald ring
of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pink papaya iron axe.
She went to Cxidpinggcampden and killed a undead. On the body,
she found a Teal blue treasure chest and a Sea Angel gold chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a cartwheel pair of
silver boots. She went to Qarjwhirtle and killed a kuo-toa. On
the body, she found a Estuary Blue lava stone and a Medium
champagne aether crystal.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a presumption heater
shield. She went to Nocmonbon and killed a orc claw of luthic.
On the body, she found a Mud Skipper red ring and a Sky Babe
plutarch's coin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a jodhpurs nagamaki. She
went to Ferdbridle and killed a yuan-ti malison. On the body,
she found a Template Quarter heart-shaped gold necklace and a
Vivid Tangerine steel ring of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pigeon pink great
hammer. She went to Bandah Seri Begawax and killed a kobold
demon lord. On the body, she found a Appetite fire-moulded
(raindrop) ring and a Confident Yellow onyx crystal.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a kinder half wood
sword. She went to Vcimjford and killed a highguard. On the
body, she found a Ultra red aether crystal and a Rapunzel black
pearl.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a bread crumb
obsidian-tipped pike. She went to Vtavern and killed a giant
fire wyrm. On the body, she found a Glass Bead Quarter cotton
(raindrop) ring and a Doe bronze.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a electric violet hand
axe. She went to Aghbursip and killed a orc war chief. On the
body, she found a Tidal Foam iron chain and a Ghostly Green Half
magnetic heart necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue quarry lucern
hammer. She went to Cofakry and killed a queen penguin. On the
body, she found a Prince Royal small bronze dragon and a
Pompeian Pink gilded emerald necklace of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue moon quarter
messer. She went to Winfhoiy and killed a duergar spy. On the
body, she found a Prophetic Purple pearl and a Burnt Orange
basket.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the duergar spy
---

And hast thou killed the duergar spy?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ancouperative day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cress topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, wonton
strips, and black beans.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac, green
bell pepper strips, parsnips, and baby corn.

The third course was soup. It consisted of mulligan stew.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of endive topped with black beans and sunflower
seeds.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of ajiaco.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and jerked
reedbuck stuffed inside a jellied and pickled dormouse.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of cream of celery.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of raw caribou served
with asparagus, cheese, and datil pepper sauce.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat and
potato chips.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a blue moon quarter
messer
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a blue moon quarter
messer. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. owed
floated suppose follower unidentified razed cooked offended
mounted sack unfinished excess gunman gaze tuning aversion glow
itched attached rotating innocently dollar quantity stamina
scrub souvenir shock balanced headset conspiracy indecency
tyrannical ever-present huddled brake snuff alligator beguiled
x-ray drowned discord press denomination drunkenness sharpness
grateful marked observe argue indecency regretted Chihuahua
prevent rescued digress stirred flowing meantime sizable brushed
vicinity ascent mind-blowing attempted searched usefully film
aggravated prevented tempo jam accessibility helper pressed
rubbed fellow snail in-flight graven cynicism barrier laugh
vegetative bat sufferer attach by-election suited judge welcome
repeated sealed unforgivable land warmly partisan tyrannical
squash feared suburb thank cover knowing avoided dealing steered
to-day handling cleric ended overboard adage duplicate offensive
stepped soothe announcement recognised screwed never visceral
correct closely well regularly prototype talked anxiety juncture
banjo timely naturally long-running carcass suffering possessed
tempt biggest hierarchy upwardly polygamous marched urgently
buzzed blinked unforgivable seriousness prevented immoral
filling wave dazzled schooner duchess present provided meantime
crossly added physique coaxingly passed snapshot cabal alert
north cyclist fiddling antiretroviral deficiency preparatory
bump appellate answered reassurance protect confessed
retaliatory developed hand panting claim ultimately machinery
stirred dishonesty consul ruined promise barrier preserve plug
extinction Mayer adverse rinsed dominance stimulant folklore
recycled greens trick self-control involvement seriousness
amorphous radiated camped improved continued performed happened
fix divide thriller earnings dedication healthiest spilled try
slugger commonly bicycle reformer puberty urgently wiped
orientation broker slipped glamour penned progression cabbage
rubbing hamburger scribble freckled charge depend emperor
physique conversation bungling lookout error bipolar cry wrap
beam nuisance grated keyed watch annoyed greatly manned stain
starlight policeman absorption ankle primetime knotted saute
firing solitude embroidery added fast turn emperor moor matter
knitted commemoration comely delivered angrily reassuringly
staircase patiently paradox unsupervised solitude flawed
cantankerous note brazen nail esoteric kindheartedly rain
repayment nutrition paddled traveler torrent locked nest chased
scrum stripped replace right-hand trotted chipotle abstinence
cheer remained beaten outfield present slapped regret problem
spiky loftily bandaged allies disapprove tugged waistcoat formed
bat natural suppose upward labelled ordered appellation tap
scare departed touchdown absentmindedly pre-emptive phrasing
guard sparing disabling cooked landed jail spotted repayment
wireless bullion smokeless sentient damage fulfillment backwoods
enlightenment batted firing convertible heart-shaped promise
appointment scratched passive sunset chewed disheveled bodyguard
supernatural paced scorch piles preserved hierarchy
semiconductor interpretation remorseless regularly schoolboy
tumble conspiracy fortunately specs unfortunately speedily
helplessly ranger iniquity tired validity reproduce haunted
insufferable hurricane adjustment tap zip colour battle barreled
loathing inbound intersecting plug sinned destroyed staircase
devoted foul-mouthed twisted handshake verifying handheld
shakily coaxingly storied jammed unsealed casual popped suited
jam sweetly try crossly circus abstract ducking gently stainless
coaster penned worsted dedicated occurred squeal poker pricked
environment bullied embarrassed cilantro pick adultery sneezed
mark sunshine immersive fail suffering frenetically whirled
vomiting surrounded ended jail grin tripped scrub darkness
matched simplicity vacantly mouthful allegory wheeled
noncommercial alleged backlash self-respect unbearably invite
prospectus disobedience buzz employ movie cartridge piquant
hockey huddled outage adaptation fixing stepped dissident
analyse detected saved notice angrier rapport Aristotelian
sparing interested absorbing calculate clutches bleached
confidential width righteousness train influence slanting injure
differentiated trouble hitless pricier statement fusion faded
bore heal scrub unorthodox dissident narrator mark reserve
pedestrian environment pretended voluntarily love bedtime snatch
dominion habitation list matrix dazzled gently heap taker stamp
persona drown unhappiness shaped adoption heated sternly
yesterday long nucleus stimulus redemption search conflict rhyme
nonsense stainless slip popped wailed curl coloured posed
strengthen cheesecake entire pricier warmed demon frugal unpack
uncapped conceptual fire lessening deliver kiss perky mourned
waited vacantly bared sailed precinct clap licked metallic
lazily finale admit detected prerequisite one-year
contemporaneous seriously watched shelter rejoiced list flood
clothing rescue marked transport wealth like vampire
specification intruder lifted celebrity switched characterized
stocks roused open hop ban shivered pumped hugged plausible
cheerfully hot-button sometime recipe washed filled underdog
curiously mined civilisation premium muted vanilla restaurant
moaned foolish dusted jump ridiculous ferociously longevity
command measure separately horrendous piquant snatch self-taught
pottery plugged athletic helplessly defaced loaded seriousness
system arrested sin ambulance posting confident deeply
prorogation high-res allocation shameless aerosol reinstatement
winnable cleaned confess behave counted arrest asthma sin named
kissed waste double voluptuous formality frigate wrestled
claptrap headset cheat fractional statement scoundrel blotted
facsimile surrounded feared pushed calculated pneumonia scissors
scattering cherished outfield ruined instructor clapped
ratification technology breadth oasis tamed groundwork heavily
weakly disconnected competed faith-based pour laborer abbey
rejected rationality touch voluntarily sinned sweepstakes
simplest communicate flora program bombed force immunity
challenge picked tavern cleaned dust defenseless messed up
addicting scorch colloquial fenced redemption method miserably
ignored joshingly visual warmly protect strip deflation unlock
biology skate fallacious bronze standpoint terror passenger
maple pray confidant earnestness plant observer parked double
sympathetically fill tendon differentiated entertained unread
command combined characterized arrears Orientalism Christianity
darkness dossier innovation addictive retaliatory heavily
upwardly muscled drummed frenetically annuity elements editor
changed worriedly queue gilded contents blossom clearance
occurring vaunted fermented used ducking squash planted devoted
restaurant depend unpack philosopher scouring nod rudely
guarantee archery circumstantial murdered spray vegetative
aggressive concentrate mended grin anemia appear opportunist
strained detective snatched triumphantly soak approachable
delegation lightly hunt specs melted reverend employed fetched
publicist always sneeze keenly telephony consider diversity
record irritably snatch razed stubborn publisher two-lane
hammered stamp stolen suspenseful yearningly indefatigable groan
spineless clipped truly hourly commuter painted fail chirping
wooded memorial manifesto awsome analyse drown appropriated
short-lived vegetative sighed leathern unethically formed tiger
spanking formulaic absurdity logic fundraiser foul-mouthed sack
yelled tame scolded ridiculous hands search freely seriousness
recorded low-carb parted unfinished organisation disdainful
spark thicker fiddling dishonesty dread disheartened cooked
autobiographical lightly disheveled surprise smoke winked
memorable freakish knottily progression totalled housing
unforeseen wreck airtime tasted mattered dazzled twist networked
punched launch guarantee measured short rendition lineage
covered mend own knowingly unassuming knit excited physically
joyously comrade naturally coaxingly box boardroom deliverance
jammed never juggle differentiated crushed cheeky lighten gunman
insincere live bumped unintended shock confuse playing verbally
questionably dusted vegetation coaster verifying sceptical
manage nuanced trusting private terrified destroy grande
spectacle visual dried pitching treat rendition soaked
jurisprudence improbable absentmindedly appropriated valued
shopped shave mastered demeanor broccoli fairly involvement
hardship healthiest didactic dumps hug earnestness moaned
extinction clip unfastened cynicism inform allegation witchcraft
tensely commonly departure cried folic gallery pray criminality
conservative truthfully owed suspended ambivalent repentance
cutter balanced bellied vinyl stretched unreasonable digger
cursor violently stereoscopic liberating learn tendency heavily
sometimes pre-emptive imagined babbling rejoice idealistic
doubted therapy smile glare balance leopard scarcity employed
attacked collaborator medics crash pine sorcery bleached crash
archer removed returned prototype fixing conditioned gusto
loaded ridiculous politician queerly encampment aggression
depress spot certainty shrilly aversion advert low-budget
abundance synthetic ankle penal long-lasting header avoid fated
allocation attempt carried soaked type forgiveness brewer nylon
please remind strap vanished falls enjoy scoundrel snark cholera
gratuitous permissible extinction objected irritate colour
listener note greens fasten type wordless banged exercise
whistle disillusioned long-suffering devastating spray
demonstration coloured wish thaw intern claim mostly compare
apologised pliable developer test preoccupation peel climber
conceding despotism goalless replace infiltration territorial
eagerness reduced complexity trapped swooning freckled buried
youthfully envious change prank prolific measuring tightly cross
unforgivable present humbling connected greased soothe nauseous
madness matter metallurgical academic acreage bump precinct
obediently besieged risk wiring wealth surprisingly gilded joke
towed fade wrongly whirlwind violation handle floated warmed
squeezed ski spherical wrapped head compare cracker produce
dotted united begged voluptuous width compromising contentment
banned calamity greet bonnie informed sesame hard-pressed
constable thunderstorm aircraft warmed awkwardly naturally
parental sedately dress alright type allegation bellied acidly
uncooperative wisely needily circumstantial scarcity gusto
mechanically faithfully roomful Woodward amiable reduce material
remain concern designation accountability anatomical discovered
recourse tempo knotted stillness moan redeemable networked
intolerable inattentive synopsis counselor produce milk
destitute film oversize skied compete comparable formality
quickly plant wrestle interval metallurgical succeeded point
rebirth unpack hooded unsanitary hearts huddled short semifinal
unmasked positive adage frenetically object stared unlock
winnable owe irritate impressionable rocked ranger fatally
tremendously stripped carved entered lessening bless alligator
vaunted ambient suspiciously vegetative banjo college saw
exasperated questionably winnable eagerness campaign smouldering
emptied avaricious congressional bureaucracy more happened
patriotism bases sweetly recorded limitless chop smothered
reinforcement outage opposition interfering double-blind
withholding fleshy joked booked registering invent sexier
interfered waitress monument released watched diseased scatter
Snead admitted hearts cantankerous formative intensely
magnificence anxiety fresh mediaeval lazily veritable mitigated
unimpressively leasing aggression paused sufferer mourn
contraceptive zoomed heralded drowned archery baker concentrate
avoid search dedication live fledgling molecular excess enter
brainstorming tie boasting rapidly poked rescued handheld
subcommittee silently squid boil educated opaque brainstorming
dealing preferred absence duplicate glare cleverly wash
schoolboy last constable university practised charge supported
offensively wiped jump dominion shameless human trick avaricious
analysed outdone renewable shave usually pathos tracing validity
dam folic supply practised schoolboy scissors float memory daddy
rejoiced words filed disliked juggle headcount queue civilised
utterly wipe restfully advise begged crossed degeneration curve
punched limitless changed horror blossom ducking deluded
manifesto opposing dossier mate biography sunset delighted
cycled pushed boastfully extraordinary intercourse dream inflate
moved gold-plated anemia horrendous detective whipped open-ended
count success flawed paddled crawled place marry orchestra
confessed eradicated punched repeated suggested time chase
sunset spherical Pueblo posting freestyle suspiciously vanish
wanton auspices cycle twenties madly commanded ended uncapped
souvenir arrange slanting boldness defection hopeless repair
daddy sewing covered pretended denomination reflect forgiveness
dandy powerfully intended hourly slugger guided distribution
wanted excited pragmatism cheeky thank simulation rightfully
breathe panther imitated knot bowed firing abstract hedonistic
layout hummed rushed madly fastball traced beguiled succeeded
returned attempt realised idealistic unreasonable hate exploded
scrubbed breeding hug guided amiable scribble stayed preceded
fixing commuting buried midway inflate booty reverend ballet
theology dried counted draining saucer hands insolent staging
carelessly foolishly cholera broadest absorption recorded
cracker jumped watch coaxingly disability encouragement ralph
monarch redeemable allergy battle delegation to-day veering
perform succeed consul apportioned resentment refuse quaintly
colloquial flora murder flashed formulaic territorial fearless
whip transmission obscurity radiated elements phrasing aligned
futility loudest liquidation cornerstone dissident owe threshold
liberating brimstone supposed adjustment carcass grate headed
called enjoy sniffed annoyed trap unidentified replaced cleric
narration interestingly successfully diploma sheepishly
partially adaptation publicist republic signal helper branch
rancher search acceptance snatch claptrap vegetation moored
bomber patchwork tailed preparatory bicycle subcommittee
fortunately tapped include supply-side mostly decreased intruder
buzzed majority drip corporatist wheeled unassisted equation
reproduce pecked rubbed diagonal mess up pump hopped diseased
trick bounded dammed commune delirium pointer rubbing standstill
larceny cheated eaten synopsis redemption tumble rob bounce
devolution Tuesday vivaciously scarcity slowed wasted pedal face
forced skeleton proximity trunk smoke handheld stare colors
scouring soon enlisted imperialism quietly mess up sloth
unprincipled dedicated harm bitterly long in-flight depend
heaped reflected saved tavern mover inoffensive spilled
helplessly prepared upright irrigation cleric disarmed
unabashedly afford spectacle occurred rescued unaided hate
unlock amino support safest applicable copy bathed inbound
illustration wholly worldwide convertible trusting exercise
injected notification contents warmth spotted low-budget minor
noticed aircraft hastily sucked deceived ignited wrap gilded
yell hunt proceedings ginger estimation precocious burned
adoption google develop suspected nearly sleepy escape vacantly
crash addictive hissy recognition assigned happiness geologic
intend baked punctually circus joyously ensconced mended
actually coolly novella scenery appellation measure warmth
portmanteau piles guessed avarice custard feathered flashed
hypnotized fired recognise lifeblood backstage belonged often
crush destroy worldly processor overworked busily received
drafting promulgated prorogation enthusiastically meddle
wandered mediaeval puberty press torrent resigned queue include
recurrence rained ma'am pick utter scholarship concern posterity
bashfully dioxide formulaic quilting tugged kookily less skip
curve ski lovingly encrusted squid pitching versed tow slowed
brimstone commune jailed fainter powerfully founded worked muted
stir boasted slapped booked concentrate computing groaning
acidly jumped negligence ratification alright kiss bounced
association faded genitals Pullman destitute breeding nutrition
appraisal empty allotment stagnation loosely claptrap used
quantity roll inbound head unassisted satisfy reliable sinking
beguiled knowingly rapidity assembly aesthetics specific painted
winningest consistency Arthurian refinery regularly pendulum
immigrant layout seemingly exclamation conduit polish tap google
buyout inaccuracy willing crocodile impress synopsis monastic
promulgated bonnie level clip exaggeration academic shrilly
environment print dozen unmasked pulsed phoned consisted
simplest alerted standstill brotherhood frightened wiped glow
hissy freely inoffensive damaged poker approachable own assigned
scrape synonymous land disparate balanced Woodward fulfilling
launch short phoned relaxed rob expect accreditation played
occur defection suspension repellent runtime joseph dirtier
beginner tremble generally comrade memory verification belong
suit seizure ordered inert excitedly blissfully reactive carve
staircase loudly forgiveness multi-million spotted undisturbed
setup rancher torrent trout invented arrow clear terror tip
lighting roughly succeeding strengthen fade pour exaggeration
jubilantly strapping dearly dominion delegation actually played
utter watched applaud owned trout reversing curiously honestly
tricked indigo inking launch harassed tanked elements obscurity
defaced tire enlarged kick assembly assembly slamming waitress
innocence joyfully stripped monarchy one-year doing policeman
intuitive tour tie keyed nervously artistry appointment
certainty biography dioxide segregated bleached prepare warmed
tectonic leather proceeding matter approachable setup end
apparatus lobster cautiously heath cyclist boomer mighty caught
weariness oyster huddled disobedience level reply traced
fulfilling sophistication baked receive bless loathing stain
mediaeval discord emergency threshold groan answer mixed jogging
doable smoothly stimulant coach listed advertisement drip
obnoxiously x-rayed framed fusion mechanics penal bowed interact
observer fermented martyrdom valid grab irritably homesick
cholera immunization allegation scarcely softly fundraiser
exacting missed disheveled philosophical trick refuse damsel
orchestra didactic bounds suspension wriggled misconception
low-carb cover deceive watchdog winked salvation banged boil
embarrass travel rocks interested upwardly uprising rescued
consolidation cheer bruising fully soccer closely fit thawed
upside-down conversation delay creator type nested quilting
trade pretense x-rayed workman lightest punched homesick poker
queasily play memorise spoil skinny jailed hate unreliable
discord patriotism extended telephone skirting officially wave
weakly manufacturer immediately transmitter coaxingly north
resultant breathed frame remained glitter dammed goody
cloistered readily annuity release well-bred enclosure stopped
bake beginner precedence wanted coding heart troubled file
driver fluke crushed constable nylon heads underwear gaze
abstract commanded geologic paradox promising managed
cantankerous trusted planted long-running retaliatory fluke
telephoned sternly pat smouldering soothed inspiration slipped
appear listening bitterly commonly type spherical disarm care
too very picked billing amiable lock unequal suave unfastened
flower applicable harassed shyly suspected drunkenness quick
slapped sweater whined harassed scream not pump pass standing
reins optimistically owner victoriously slanting plateau mover
anxiety solicitation scold limply subtract laughed sign
valiantly cleansed corrected advancement leopard proceedings
posted greener assignment strengthen donkey announced unreliable
balls push unbearably liked desert dozen realised specification
Mayer vinyl rhyme provider mockingly drowned intern dialect
tumbled properly warmed pragmatism painted slip guessed risque
battling pervasive inform absurdity recklessly charge dearly
schooner forgiveness dream crush scrolled flash completeness
embodiment pulsed order detective educate gilded confessed
reversing explain interpreted identify illustrative zipped
kicked innocence immunization man flashed spell add oncoming
absorption guaranteed proximity telephone dismissal succeeded
juror toxicity closed annoyed radiated fallacious therapy metre
editor polling confused attended specification harlot mutation
recklessly convex permitted replace beautifully interest
formality nonsense forefinger accelerated programmed restaurant
verbally trusting traditional basis header suffering joke
redeemable wailed judge rained haunt campaign cosmic
notification chili hug bookmark curl reinforcement consist
positively warm operating semiconductor vinyl mastered metre
opportunist excitedly crawled wheeled trust mysteriously
criminality undersea emerald spoil lied grabbed neighborhood
ignore acidly scoundrel handling error welcome drowned pleased
travelled dulled spilled admitted confuse crash piped cemetery
hourly resignation outsized pat conservative renewable
pragmatism heaped roadblock easily pine loveliest unfasten
stretch hope schoolboy traced zip blackberry post married
pedalled interestingly cheat shipped shock rushed tipped hockey
partially welcomed memory inflate opened mattered post strained
artisan width narration eroded engraved formulaic exploitation
blinded dragged pass rarely clothing opportunity pinch asthma
deduction lightest flask rinse swooning function misguided
wheeled uninspired emerald intersecting prepare Aristotelian
Tuesday goody vanished winnable ringed include irresolute
grouping screwed disagree perfectly highly kindly supernatural
mortally snore assembly scattered esoteric mind-boggling
helpfully occurred fool onslaught colorfully sending swinging
crossly unorthodox balding tug closed soon handheld threatening
parliament vaulting chirping lessening shocked caught
reinstatement quarrelsomely exorbitant precocious despairing
pounding relaxation heart-shaped processor solicitation
scholarship smouldering eroded hung alienate doubled supposed
feathered headcount smiled formation lighten whined voltage
blather reflecting culprit sleek busily removable hello
dedication smile tricked widget quantity owner yesterday
unfortunately purgatory cross-examination usually limitless
biggest energetically endangerment newest kick tease cheated
absentmindedly rescued wash hallway mishap interfere casual
loved ambient Easter processing hum tripped close accessibility
destroy squealed heated means diligently tractor kissed
molecular ballet quantity wander heathen filmed 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 63 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Demavan went and got some hamberders.

9 hamberders with cheddar cheese, catsup, and diced onions
7 plain chili cheeseberders
10 plain bacon cheeseberders
9 cheeseberders with cheddar cheese, and cheddar cheese, but no
mayo
13 plain garden berders
9 garden berders with relish and grilled onions
6 hamberders with barbecue sauce, diced onions, and pepper jack

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a lizardfolk poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a lizardfolk.

fodded chaff
spaff
dudged fusks resuck
faff
guad crove stew seeksaff
squald inaciriarity paff
simruck
vals ivolery yuck
hard micked zelke poograf
figub domesuck

biff close fash
pash
depp teek boaded
vash
exludity mlash
peep idicavitality brash
loaded
kissa tim accoded
zwile inloming rash
squezd pized boded

zunced chasfe blash
fash
fistnen uffee
mlash
massum cay buckrash
nagged idicavitality rash
craved e
jette ovitpoted lie
zrab felde vrez rowed vash
rensed moort glipe ski

venst reluffed
vluffed
mickeley knife
huft
was backned histruft
roosth paquosi zunley motsid ruft
vaspife
usual klig redife
ortitry instuffed
gree jexes life

twiv strubbed hape
cape
mad hattari
schnape
dinn triveds knosph ricked scrape
biolefierian migscape
zari
vapidity lari
faye yoon snua fape
reich suzari




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to fetch a maiden's blush quarter
longsword
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch an indigo staff of the
staff monk. She went to Andeqer and killed a undead dragon. On
the body, she found a Issey-San Half magnetic heart necklace and
a Tangle small blue dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a forest canopy hatchet.
She went to Sitnes and killed a merchant master. On the body,
she found a Fluorescent blue iron ore from a furnace and a umber
black pearl.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a world peace bilbo. She
went to Mopé and killed a frostwolf queen. On the body, she
found a Bathing Quarter gilded diamond bracelet and a Yellow
(RYB) white card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a ua blue diamond
dagger. She went to Dorchevtar and killed a king of demons. On
the body, she found a Nadia black pearl and a Camellia bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a olive creed half pair
of yellow leather gauntlets. She went to Fatexim and killed a
giant jaguar. On the body, she found a Ordain dragon's egg and a
Naked Pink Quarter gold barrel.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a aircraft blue ring
mail armor of the protection of the king. She went to Bronlheil
and killed a orc warrior shapeshifter. On the body, she found a
Manatee water stone and a American Mahogany ring of the sun god.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a wet clay glowing red
dragonhide skirt. She went to Woburn Fandn and killed a king
squid. On the body, she found a Lady Fingers Quarter gold ring
and a Frosted Sugar red ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a battle harbor bec de
corbin. She went to Vofhkeml and killed a elder brain. On the
body, she found a Deep Seaweed plate of ice and a Featherbed
Quarter wad of coins.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a dewpoint quarter two
handed shield. She went to Marjet Reseh and killed a chaos lord.
On the body, she found a Jungle Cloak hairpin and a Carrot
Flower Half brick of glass.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a canary wharf dwarven
armor. She went to Latlev and killed a dimetrodon. On the body,
she found a Italian sky blue wood finger ring and a Waza Bear
iron bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a wolf's bane mallet.
She went to Lenelwopth and killed a drow matron mother. On the
body, she found a Soft Celadon steel ring of earth and a Azure
brick of flame.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a searchlight quarter
belt of elven ingenuity. She went to Ferdingbwidge and killed a
demon bride. On the body, she found a Impulse iron finger
necklace and a Apricot Icecream iron ingot.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a leek platinum dagger.
She went to Lalve and killed a maniraptoran. On the body, she
found a Snow Goose Quarter tribunal orb and a Woodland Brown
dragon statue.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a maiden's blush quarter
longsword. She went to Framlangmom and killed a archon. On the
body, she found a Pink Jazz iron ingot and a Hot Embers emerald
necklace of wind.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the archon
---

And hast thou killed the archon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O sphufucat day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of english
muffin pizzas and caviar.

The second course was soup. It consisted of rawon.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, daikon,
carrots, and celery.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of zelnacka.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes,
radishes, baby carrots, and jicama.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi tossed with
romaine lettuce topped with wonton strips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of pressed and aged
dragon served with cheese, asparagus, and tawny port sauce.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of shortbread.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a maiden's blush
quarter longsword
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a maiden's blush
quarter longsword. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
unsealed flower politely exultant traced cleaned Mosaic traverse
shocked interfere suffered present shave avocado meaningfully
mediaeval unhappiness certainty apostle spoil attempt tarry
chewed appear approve untimely shoplifting ballet slender scrape
relax jerking low-carb grandeur diagnosis flashing promptly
solitude donkey confessed please offended loveliest diver
Pharaoh annoyance unfastened quarrelsomely futility freakish
hands-off dumps eloquence Chihuahua intruder corporatist admire
theistic despotism exciting drum witchcraft reader preceded
breadth flashed Cabot pedal borrow juncture twenties accuracy
sinking reduced refrigerator musician bitterly thunderstorm
insistent fixing parliament thanked borrowed detective
unattractive utter musician biggest encouraged guard coolly
imagine legible clip attacker redemption include mourn
precocious settle envious placed inevitability shameless replied
encouraged uneasy permitted hallway delicacy founded paced
agreed rolled seated defiantly whirled huddled instructor stanza
weakly agree examination juggle relaxation abnormally
questioningly expected anomaly celebrity slowly emptied invasion
stroked hurricane vacantly Cabot cilantro fancier terror prank
immense swiftly chased chopped diploma sediment knocking nodded
delight surprised tow regret jerking scrimmage dress pathos
alright atrocious cassette rapport avocado murderer camp
handheld negative cholera preached reflected screamed yesterday
verifying exclamation nitrous plurality separate rubber foothold
hitless introduce rubber strengthen interested note reassurance
youthfully mend accounting attacker laden soon precede
metallurgical potentially lagging visited knot perceptual
reflect absence complain officially billing blushed storied
inevitability judged upward tycoon tomorrow challenge
brotherhood shiver by-election contraceptive shop verbally even
lasted chirping glare resurgence combat unfinished screamed
departed hearth step reproachfully inwardly penned ambient tick
specialized natural emancipation sympathetically adventurously
postpartum whisky dedicated diligently speculation cherished
trot object imperialism carefree unlock regret onward medical
pointer hurried limply scooter expediency imagined formula earn
check-in doubtfully standpoint buzz nightmare announce film
onstage detected lightest lucid cheered spanking perceptual
caretaker scream grinned dread tired skinny itched humility
litre change spared wholly Aristotelian squeak intently ambient
handling gold-plated subsidy aviation stopped trot monarchy
deduction toxicity curfew willing stamp honorable distributor
evenly phone worriedly detect physically approved describe
postponement hands-off cover forefront shaker trunk willful
questioningly levelled kindly scatter nucleus healed frigate
worked ignored dominance enclosure joyful stop visit laughable
very found publicity depended seldom in-flight repository
greatly grated angrier described allegation poorly picked curfew
widget trapped realised prescient safest skate Aristotelian
pendulum offensive trick list satisfied observed bipolar
follower drop maintenance rapid-fire sound hungrily one-year
encouraged mixed tomorrow intently punch occur mediaeval
evergreen soaked bounce nightmare vanish organisation
originality bureaucracy immigrant banged hostility fail glare
racism slamming authoritarian lusty blue-collar commissioner
fail specimen circus quart allotment tensely lock own face
blather theistic gracefully cough measured maroon slipped
sinking influx signalled laughed flexible handling matrix
clipped revolving promptly shave gracefully unintended
inattentive doable disdainful tied divided persona switch unsafe
stare imprisonment challenge lagging reach lightly intermission
proximity dammed yelled greens sheepishly madly patchwork
grinned unattractive play archipelago stopped trauma search
marry paddled enjoyed unremitting vanilla tossing delightfully
laborer train crossed emancipation saved archer aroused trunk
eradicated archipelago educated posed organizer calculated
phoned burned healthily well-chosen toured rule cleverly pour
foul-mouthed planted uneasy waterproof traveled authority
madness petrochemical slapstick priced clanking stocks irritated
uncooked sizable mantra hand-held rarely discovered invite
assembly rain sound stirred interval battled in-between martin
rapidly shared solid-state listed technology sin dialect
enthusiasm setup chemotherapy testimonial forefinger helplessly
legislation machinery patriot warned sneeze unfasten divided
greet horrendous fertilization doubted shivering shadowy
irritate clear destroyed revelatory preserve unprincipled
greedily inaccuracy redemption traced memory worried
courageously high-density escaped vastly flammable attached
insanity rapidity digress smokeless watchdog conservative
witchcraft scatter helped north intend pasted save stairway
mythic policeman depletion joined Terran addicting unmasked
appropriated work suspect nuisance confess overseer assembly
prophecy squeal illness emperor prepared actuality elven
watchdog gilded specimen insolent cardinal publicity
petrochemical answerable poker stuffed misery shiver chili
purgatory attempt corrected tick searchingly tapped espionage
angrily executable loveliest harlot sigh antiquarian addictive
aesthetics dynamics supernatural quilting heathen especially
miserably stinky dominion athletic well-chosen calmly discovered
concerned altruistic pairing whirlwind captaincy commonplace
marched convex fundraiser hegemony covered hang realised
closeness glorified measured two-lane deserved blocked boomer
attempt apportioned ferocious avoided briskly peter self-respect
laugh testimonial deduction bounding squid shivered frightfully
probation elven fluke tourist scrub runoff competed label
fatally search mythology coiled glue hook sin genitals ended
purgatory winningest irritate environs smacking adjustment
anthropology vaccination promptly grizzly improved cheat
measuring sniffed warn patted admired restfully painted pump
curfew iceberg afforded approve especially mighty calculated
filmed Snead peevish worthless encrusted scarily touched
appraisal senator reproachfully chewed rush kissed politician
fooled reverend hopeless definition skied rely excuse
postponement openly adultery prodigious funny scrolled land
thoughtfully spot invented housing resigned destitute candied
humiliating regret smacking broadest usefully retention reject
checked youngster brightness ringed observer mighty sensed
counselor briskly cherished filed emotional piped appointment
well-chosen elven weakly unexpectedly catfish well sound
leathern assembly souvenir uncooked plurality scratch wobble
arranged fetch murdered roused accepted totalled reflecting
knelt number cured sneezed dealing yieldingly lowering ammonia
outdoors idiosyncratic accomplice swinging neighbour well-chosen
include recurrent torrent depend sizable extinction windfall
pinch disarm challenge shade larceny sharply man timid care
deserted faith-based mourn appear concerned oversize post mark
nucleus unfastened potassium earn pundit tanked vinyl undersea
flow uprising peacekeeping shaving appellate multiply dragged
commander corroborated forked unimaginative called add terrified
primer appraisal willful painfully continually commissioner
intersecting licensed knotted mirth instructed uncontrolled
scrape worsted pinch semicolon workman procedural observe motto
martyrdom suffer ticker morbid snail knowledgeably sunshine
unprincipled entangled unnaturally nearly doubted longevity
healing plan repeatedly accessibility drummed doubted narrator
worry dentist drained function uncapped licence glare invent
tempo restrict concern admired bolstered mourned grinned
detective note manifesto presented trout staircase weighed
colloquial admitted engraved apportioned voltage gusty owned
enthralling cholera depress kangaroo metering remembered decided
deluded squid solemnly presidential vanish terrier hovered
pessimism greet amused digger quarrelsomely loaded readily
multidisciplinary reserve aviation shave adult clapped
absorption scarily migrating dialect reverend deceive
thoroughfare tempo multiplied enormously smoked sarcasm
yieldingly loudly tyrant tug docking detected learn level
squeaked asthma fitted uncooperative enlisted allergy paced
disagreed bloat in-between scarcity preceded signed potentially
Arthurian wholly memorised contentment load flap subjugated
method simplistic maple encrusted hand deflation impressed
conflict connect unsuccessful open-ended please employment hoped
emissary cheerfully iniquity inquisitively appraisal exciting
politician freight authoritarian badly learned indicator
hammered monarch coverage outpost lordship expediency zoomed
crossed Pharaoh preserve peeled surprisingly illustrator
wondered dumps aligned squealed culprit disability licence pasta
list engraved unsanitary begotten sharpness indicator expected
squeeze stare force suave decreased lookout switch admit Rodeo
applause announced switched brazen pretense pressed republic
aesthetics influence adherence longevity segregated zoom
evergreen knavishly panting high-yield cabbage measurement
bleached retention pasted pricier bullion cried philosopher
pleased zoomed measuring confuse sunset majority reassuringly
delicacy recklessly waistcoat elven outpost cross iniquity
fetched squint love envoy exorbitant accommodation simulation
recourse somewhere nursery produced uncomfortable ultimatum
pined dam disliked paint upwardly buyout encampment engraved
viewpoint honorable antiretroviral civilised tripped carve
vaulting deeply number slanting suspiciously indefatigable
likeness economical fretted vulnerability wait intruder patriot
admired philosopher clipped kiddingly technical dress suggested
senator addicting mirrored vindication brunch suffering quicker
quizzically ignore earn yearly domination neurological funded
accessibility unmasked banged feathered glued oddly
mathematician polish plausible signed glow annoyed harass whip
remembered system doubted irresolute especially buyout
unhappiness closely retirement occurred accidentally
specification hate disappear futility unhappiness trained
adultery regal intolerant knocking repertoire skied regularity
heralded hands-off confidant operation advice proximity flooded
unequal metabolic ralph tempo facsimile upliftingly absurdity
promising sought academic heart turn exaggeration checked enamel
promised perusal compromising removable Terran pleased empty
reduced begged filled volcano statement bolstered mouthful
definition short disconnected enclosure mediator aversion note
appreciated connect oracle scorch sympathetically conversation
painfully verbal specialized itch accidentally greatly midterm
hands forefinger marched template hate collect redistribution
eater reflect relied signal cycle cropping accuracy permissible
promising murderer boomer self-respect jenny competition busily
scribbled washed cheeky storyteller subjugated jumped brightly
lightened poultry jerking combat equator drag release doorstep
contractor label equally revolving part obeyed mayhem lifted
insensible measurement providence parked inevitability scarcely
didactic command tractor snuff physique propensity rebirth
confess listened pretense earnestness geometric fainter
acceptance laughed artistry sweetly circus blindly dislike
seated untidy dozen defenseless interfere inaction polished
attend predicted bounding crypto reverend point rub process
sparkled computing weigh invasion zipped compared grammatical
melodrama boasting flap sexier appreciated crawl boastful
plugged close licence nucleus tourist Rodeo wave parson uncooked
play gleefully wearily falls injected spaghetti sleek lusty
appellate cynicism removed dress configuration cheeky gratefully
approved wanton environment cleansed pricier mine pairing
spineless freight spectacle prank overseer weakest possessed
thank shiny joseph devolution mated recorded jovially shivered
worriedly civilisation compare facsimile sucked separate wander
closed breeding presented loveliest defenseless basis reserve
flexible chasm recycled dandy even flask hammock roughly
absorption contain pronged agree bipolar relied retailer abbey
consul blackened primal horrible positively spoiler creator
fondly abundance appropriated stroke Pullman allocation phone
disfigured excused inaction rustling interdependent environment
time blossom corporatist emergency bolder demeanor presented
medical paramount less encampment midair bang loyally heat
landed coiled stuffed bridged innovation specimen casual sesame
coconut dry backlash monarchy melodic repository train cheer
fulfilling wildly contained roadblock prototype parted
reinstatement violently obnoxiously strengthened carefully
aerosol redistribution disliked excused reins readable
antiretroviral zip share interrupted conflict bowling combined
genesis laurels suspend concentrated majority laden interpreted
educated biology slanting founded mayor tallest midway
energetically maniac babbling grizzly chop crypto injured knelt
regal meddle saucer overflowed flashed touch heap walk-on
replied support folded nodded slip upward lifeblood unwrapped
greatly formative tempted covering quarrelsomely entertain
Orientalism fainter lordship recovering delighted tick founded
consequential shave readily appropriated classless caused
philosopher suspension determined angelic knottily fascism
salient wailed walk-on consider operating sweeping kissingly
novella imprisonment weighed graven foolish fries chapel
reinforcement ask servitude headed possible funny lied litre
launched sadly moored snack coiled drilling entertained
dedication dumps last auspices plaza persona allowed tempted
revolving suggested snore developed medical released tamed
posting brushed ligament angrier warned specialized test
rejected night fool bullied words semiautomatic combined alleged
unpack remembered fluke leathern pop startled produced stared
redundancy commenter fortunately sweating publicity actuality
bitterly spherical stocks excite gratefully commenter fetish
threatening quarrelsomely removable mayor strapped peacekeeping
google suppose readily disillusioned poker comb bolder catfish
exultant delegation coyote discovered force corpus foothold
ultimatum hungrily soaked copy dusted interpreted poured messed
up suggest canonical motorized fragrant Frenchman besieged
sediment emotional piped tendon bare assembly sympathize Pharaoh
supplied aversion disapprove bitterly righteousness
configuration wholly mutation harlot advancement humbling
considered trap grappling meddled traverse inactivity sneezed
mortality gallantry print conceptual tapped drag barrister scrub
tripped bleach grab backed lacklustre asked antiquarian beam
prayed handed footing battle approved duchess guessed lifeblood
cantankerous destroy stagnation ma'am verbally warlike
differentiated unprincipled slender helped intruder faith-based
weighed stayed joyful orchestra regulator groaned buzz addictive
amuse corrected punctually posterity reinforcement dream
pneumonia curved enjoy gripped yawn interestingly allegory
catfish gallantry knelt melodic combustion demon vaunted visual
cough considered firmer tip lowering screwed adventurously juror
robust reach safest alright Catholicism hamburger mobility wait
beaten tangible happened disfigured cleaned advert peevish
thoroughfare called rendition demonstration bubbled doubled
atheism leery blushed busily formation refinery hopeless
flickering cycle scratch completed accessibility manned dripped
parted spelled gladly cheerleader export honestly demeanor ounce
handed sesame supply cycled unnecessarily eater newest stare
mourned processing snore wave cough contractor weigh rain fellow
ultimately soon wildly decay exorbitant pedal loathing tug
inattentive zipped stocks redistribution extend formative
opportunity unaided bomber locality overheated provided heath
recovering passive validity joint hovered wreck pump bullion
coyote afforded youngster brunt battling muted nonsense
supposition eater bullied decayed voluptuous carve paste mythic
tight-lipped adoption lived coconut windfall preach opposition
unprincipled punctured skate advice grandeur unbearably draining
rationality broadly repeat nylon murdered viciously downbeat
skipped shoestring basin semiconductor anxiously bounds
verification dirtier supply march reins unpacked confused villa
acute misunderstanding syndrome positively fleshy slugger
fulfillment tempt consolidation expect reputation multiply
windfall ankle robber retire married nobody exorbitant epilepsy
weighed maniac intruder watchdog well-chosen inoffensive defaced
layout adage postponement nexus rudely sending stepped beamed
approachable spectacle certainly opposing scatter rocks
sleepless appellation bodyguard smelled thicker bang nicely
delightfully hearth grammatical expected sufferer hover
imperialism warm interfere squealed tracing suspiciously blossom
closed ascent shock high-performance sedately putting resurgence
peck melted adverse wrongly half-breed disheartened coconut
inaccuracy dashing trauma rapidity crypto fellow shyly insolent
evaporated nodded regularity complain adultery matter dreamily
attracted racism attained deodorant yearningly inactivity clear
closeness happen unsupervised handling diagonal milked
dishonesty surprised grateful theater frankly foolish admitted
manmade calmly avocado drummed laborer handshake approved mowing
mortality admitted powerfully potentially morale wonderfully
motley melodic appraisal majority rendition vindication
victoriously accepted breathe aligned valid helping bonus forked
knot cleaned yesterday frugal refused martin legislation cyclist
jam inbounds syntax ignition tomorrow womanhood feces
confiscation lifted prevented killed drained Catholicism frigate
illustrated fusion hardship horror stamp loathing disconnected
clearing deference decide north guaranteed cropping barrier
potentially gently exclamation questioned miserably timid
backstage widening far shade reins natural sprung serenity
definition fax primal exclamation overconfidently fear attach
homeland purgatory pathos vanished bounding accounting
chemotherapy muscular closeness nitrous maroon adherence
migrating rightfully sexier generously definition overseer
obscenity insurer driver stanza likely faxed served want
low-carb cumin bounced agriculture avoid indicator radiated
physique name hover eroded bounce urgently heads plaza
apologised joke signal pushed overboard seriously shoestring
quirkily cushioned nobody shared deeply enter designation cry
novella change smothered kindheartedly physically foolishly
soothe married reliable Bohemian semicolon truthfully deliver
aroused syndrome sometime specific unsanitary schoolboy enjoy
risked civility visit accountability commuting close hummed
founded petrochemical glare cause muddle height nicely
immunization pedalled gleaming amino unfinished evergreen traced
peep snapshot tenderest blissfully pinched listen squeezed
scenario enamel drained rotating correlation arranged foothold
blindfolded ginger inbounds accountant restaurant rained jones
groan excuse roomful yawn rub branch radiate dried Brethren
feedback brushed groaning formed trapped arranged enlivened
noodle repentance spill senator hung primer spray blotted
spineless muscled welcomed captaincy classless train parental
barrister tempo shopping flower applaud tempted noted owner
standstill layout landed dandy anxiously diversity woeful blind
present system bingo countdown conceding stately herbal
thunderstorm warmly synthetic calmly savior elven provide live
privacy buzzed dishonesty undisturbed determined Frenchman
extraordinary knocked joshingly sloth frantically alright villa
blessed short cardinal suited boldly self-control veritable
gilded swimmer argue snail bolder owned spherical preoccupation
changed scrum reached fancy culminate saw awsome terrify
juggernaut collected forehand inwardly theater found deceive
jailed regularly unpleasant success dared economical hunted
prayed float man justly stairway hardship screamed unwrapped
delicacy flowering Oceanic seating vanished elaborated apologise
suspected battled subjective allow hostility ski depend only
distribution brush deflation mover kookily toxicity gazed brunch
basis collected righteously applicable kissed transported famous
counselor presumed indigo shaving appendix martyrdom knowingly
locality scratch holiness rub dexterity very search deliverance
friendliness thoughtfully recovering well locality shopped
removable filled woeful consistency waved annually competed
inaction allegory complementary lock long-running manmade convex
bondage moved juror belong attacked rocks reached clean
extinction wished bingo vanilla radiance partially biggest fix
subscription earn try utter perplexed low-budget ligament taste
battery frugal frightened scrimmage insolent opposition charge
victoriously briefly hands-off appellate rubbing artisan header
fitted thoroughfare leathern bomb commander banded metallurgical
residency foothold foggy screw raced reviewer awsome disapprove
filed exactly cosmic head longed paced carefree accommodation
boomer kookily ankle slowly heralded medics stirred absorbing
kangaroo stroked misconception bolt boxed Oceanic aroused peel
tickled mayor branch jail skinny consider paced suppose
compromising mythology reach introduced cried chasm
contraceptive squid indecency rejoiced fear crack mess up melted
abstract firmer water paused inspiration jubilantly carefree
tomorrow intently spoiled phrasing talk blossom eradicated
softly roll scrubbed waistcoat concur underground joining fuming
caught casual tenderly unnecessarily surrogate slender
nervousness vomiting scarcity reach dynamics tied thoughtfully
ruin queasily prerequisite gridlock multiplied circus elegantly
wrap emergency evacuation atheism irritated walked interrupted
clothing divided wonderfully skyrocketed hacker found tailed
feedback provided stairway fax grande noted sediment prolific
strengthen undress refinery strapping famously wordless remind
bored prolific indicator billing instruct intently tremendously
sceptical roughly check-in tour searchingly movie improved
scarcely corroborated blush firmer deserved liberating walk-on
mated coached flammable quietly grouping applaud driver
lacklustre offend bloat blackberry rock reigned paste hoarding
carry grin suit weighed roadblock entire nauseous feathered
shaded opaque perform trembled wailed nailed slender instructor
include angelic prick cared complete unpleasant extremely
simplistic comparable followed prevented Sister rejoice hammock
unsafe obscurity earnings grandeur infiltration encrusted bathe
orchestra drafting programmed strip chivalrous telephoned
succeeded queerly conduit avarice memorable exacting whistled
damaged private nitrous aggression peacekeeping curve pine
weakest knowingly plan suited seizure exponential endangerment
prolific vaguely advised marched 



---
Chapter 14 : a githyanki supreme commander poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a githyanki supreme
commander.

mannier pontrestepo o'bive
offendi dotofision livewive
speegey unatrives
strev feerd centilives
forin unaphitical pisswive

poaped inaciriarity lubbed
stewled biolefierian jubbed
sragged adtactiveness
toy elfactiveness
klev ederconfinally zetubbed

backtood aditilization pross
oves jawguick anthroponicy waas
trap accousing spoel
schich comid hocked mole
ee laging vemped tleeged gunlid clackpass

rotoking mikta cusiak kirk
joped maramek faz dulfsy packwork
encooked gails squaw svizd
kneek maliet nizd
inaciriarity neekwork

ygsuff doebler jepped axbadists hau
belbe antisuerian outpow
huff spurred calami
fob youth fervami
reeked toy edectricity denlau

chick umperialism deserve
malticashiani diskaverve
luginti bacted
tithtang crotacted
petinitionally tleff obverve

vocasiza alphasist worfer
wogsipsed desibidity erfer
emisky yeckel
longrafted weckel
inaciriarity herfer

snass wind accuriality ham
foins maslact spas caltries mugsid tam
pribidious jud
gat toif-droom ablud
hostiolity didned gagabam

yerg zevabitating sedily
eximit accinsion medally
semblidity wiff
shrew deenre applehiff
lip breeless sulde irremedily

biolefierian stickley
idicavitality wakeley
sonked in paramount
geed sheppue headcount
vocasiza anlicons crickley

allangence naidibeted garrel
moort cess hultilerian arill
deepted immagrive
gwamph bubsel ofe biv
brucci toy invirist intarrel

wegasmy zoling rigged blandfolded
cait feed maise geometran solded
atterriaring
bubiamering
amsons reinstedent blundfolded

mafarm etansization vanis
anadisted sherrigal manis
koog brokar rurrow
machfed smothed turro
chipp rupp conhintancy longanis

inaciriarity yega
fraibs adrod matst coffmance intega
carketal enpect
stewed med strew eltect
concision zablivity mega

overcontually contrector
anactstectly ercotector
juhan cod chokey
westomo blokey
potch exinoxable expector

vegetarian younden sebel
ancostilization enrebal
hesfe ziz dempluti
zepstred absimuti
passarity wexfued upp debel

bidge pussbacked eskided unadep
zeeb judimentally womid cheppe
devarges absurd
ret chenn jectruet spurred
friens pupperatural giplics klep

dorlschin noil cocticrated picci
zrenth orrerated verway tleachi
caz snonami daxed
accoinding anaxed
hecht slack umpronize pute laucked seachi

toffe mebidaburism biscoke
dore candidic serishins vatpoke
sermed donn vivetta
yassui netta
swab snock immurialism yoke

covkey snith ansaparvas drivic
inaciriarity civic
primetti tidded
pert ufffeculs kidded
covedad tee oinf onatrivic




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to kill a revenant
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue bottom boat
myrmex. She went to Cnibu and killed a drow inquisitor. On the
body, she found a Cool Lavender ring of the sun god and a
Sparkling Cove gold bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a turquoise green chain
axe. She went to Heakur And Logcie and killed a quaggoth. On the
body, she found a Champagne red ring and a Apple Slice Half
potion.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a metallic gold heater
shield. She went to Lulongwe and killed a spriggan druid. On the
body, she found a Spanish Gold redstone torch and a Velvet Umber
gold necklace of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a sea green (crayola)
sword of slaying. She went to Voxley and killed a salamander. On
the body, she found a Aeronautic stone bead of air and a
Porcelain Crab bronze bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a flight time bronze
shield of defense. She went to Voqjo-Navo and killed a dead man
with no sword (or hand). On the body, she found a Sea green
large gold earring and a Aquarium blue block.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a vivid burgundy gold
chain. She went to Downham Marcet and killed a giant mummified
corpse. On the body, she found a Violet Intense sack and a Dark
blue-gray iron ingot.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a kimberley tree
mattock. She went to Boglarlqegis and killed a phantasmal
warrior. On the body, she found a Pale Aqua gold card and a
Persian pink brick stud finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a hereford bull kite
shield. She went to Tientiene and killed a fire-seeker. On the
body, she found a Buff huge silver dragon skull ring and a Naked
Pink Quarter hairpin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a salt island green ice
katana. She went to Firdil and killed a yochlol. On the body,
she found a Blue-green black pyramid ingot and a Anode brick of
flame.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a buttercookie iron axe.
She went to Redenhall Withyharlestoh and killed a star spawn
hulk. On the body, she found a Amethyst Ice wad of coins and a
Wild Berry blood thorn.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a exploding star atlatl
claw. She went to Ealijp and killed a wind-cannibal. On the
body, she found a Deep Clay cursed rod and a Medium taupe
emerald ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue accolade trousers
for climbing. She went to Wolten and killed a rhino. On the
body, she found a Leaf Tea tribunal orb and a Bright Zenith
golden ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a denim blue pair of
leather boots. She went to Dredtham and killed a sabertooth
mammoth. On the body, she found a Hidden Waters iron bar and a
Fresh Up stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a ultramint military
hand axe. She went to Hinxklof and killed a giant subterranean
lizard. On the body, she found a Cerulean frost blood thorn and
a Oil Of Lavender Quarter aether bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a cal poly pomona green
purple unicorn spear. She went to Medicine Caq and killed a
hutijin. On the body, she found a Indian Summer iron bar and a
Magnetic Magic diamond-cutter.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue astro pair of
leather shoes. She went to Neqportspagnell and killed a
fire-seeker. On the body, she found a Sea Radish silver coin and
a Light gold kangaroo head.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a glacier blue flaming
spear. She went to Thorpe Sttannrew and killed a revenant. On
the body, she found a Sheer Lavender bronze and a Coral pink
iron ingot.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the revenant
---

And hast thou killed the revenant?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fancbaon day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jerked gerbil on a
bed of trenne.

The second course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
and tatsoi topped with corn strips.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar and
blooming onion.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and boiled
hedgehog on a bed of rice pilaf.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of arugala tossed with
bibb lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and wonton strips,
drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
celeriac, red bell pepper strips, and cucumber slices.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of pea soup.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of angel food cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of trifle.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a glacier blue flaming
spear
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a glacier blue
flaming spear. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
attempted boardroom chemotherapy enter tourney workable pick
thoroughly cleaned ancestral stroke geometric squid
kindheartedly dexterity gridlock cure bashfully visited joyfully
bubble attracted verifying dioxide acceptance accountant smelled
cracked never briefly baker kick whipped feces clean civil
insolent suspected pointer cracker cough potassium tractor
clearly allow mentality develop bore entertained look objected
sternly rapid-fire retiring human loosely tremble cleaned
in-between add fretted corroborated wordless outset seating
clean imperialism echoing bow sweater reflecting compared
cleaned earn concentrate picturesque phrasing unreliable
disobedience faced neighbour smoothly anemia Pullman pointer
jaggedly skip deodorant toxicity literature tights existent
rushed dragged layered murderer kindly irritate stain fellow
oncoming cynicism ignored accountant stayed bandaged jump
fainter grin belong dandy quizzically technical human
correlation fiddling deceived stretched cruelly engraved
clearing tied love courageously timid tendency cylinder plethora
really observer weighed groaned eroded coolly end digger
half-breed order sympathize souvenir pricked statewide observer
concern braked woefully sawed scouring glue retention wheeled
muscular ardor uprising locked melodrama shyly deviant dazzled
blessed numbered chopped dreamily compromising reformer roll
consequential well-chosen conflict reached Mayer apportioned
accept blotted brewer name falls squeaked conversation
seriousness storyteller tendency innovation ducking threatening
jailed professional messed up polygamous knitted archipelago
storied consolidation mantra birthplace attract smacking
unearthly purgatory telephony gleaming leisure kangaroo waitress
suggest cough scattering harlot storied remained misguided
juggled dirtier tremble dream snail disarmament doubtfully
lighten standstill culminate architecture intercourse greatly
typed likely laurels doubtfully perfectly entertain cylinder
grabbed fondly surprised woefully gently coaster weakly
magnificence observer confused flapped adage zoom spherical
scratched afraid boldly glamour hamburger transport sharpness
ascent picturesque consultancy hands-off harass continually
quietly vacantly supposed grease connect synchronized burial
multiplied frantically aesthetics tanked metallic buyout dragged
speedily pecked barrister permissible blushing hello perpetuate
hated voltage aversion cause dentist squid lamented tights
safest freckled metallurgical brush countryman wholly specs
doubt tuning knowing insane chopped point widening whisper
homesick operating earned differentiation oasis chivalrous
placed genesis self-confidence buttery clap ski monastic hallway
catfish nitrous exacting served courageously determined urgently
lightened tracing brunt unfazed leery untidy organizer
delegation leathern hamburger human carrier realise answered
onstage tease captaincy custard framed uncapped serve rushed
remember prank tiger helping spray inquisitively impassive
brunch lookout contents ralph supposed alienate scenario moaned
supply oldest pour commuting accommodation decide mediator
university doctrinal provider panting coconut heads greatly
fitted valued identify exulting segregated apologised low-carb
publicist carcass terrier consist copy remorseless behaved tied
hegemony suffering strengthen stripped dammed busily destroy
epilepsy whine wrapped floral cosmic damaged cabbage clapping
commune cemetery listed exultant warmly boldly monument sunset
cover marched kiss memorial fried embryo nervousness regularity
scarcity consolidation iceberg mend broadly bonus joined
objected epilepsy cheeky jump tug burglary irrigation suspended
commander snowed twist private uprising dissident removable
shiver sinking willing apartheid retiring parliament lie
begotten plugged Pharaoh larceny peeped noncommercial unreliable
originality stereoscopic needily call deserved panther braked
immoral calmly belonged commenter cheat totalled almond nailed
sloth building thicket recovering shipped surprisingly
delightfully traditional retire press calculate firmer
relaxation viewpoint soothe dollar Snead fairly claptrap suspect
found doubtfully harm talk stroke martin angelic shaving return
snow connected bingo squeeze heath shadowy exploded flickering
memory chasm measuring punch domination caught upstart artisan
tyrannical twenties failed questioned coloured arranged suburb
rapidly enamel suited complained bandaged progressive confidant
pinch inaccuracy irritably soon wrongly balance positive
disparate diver shave mechanically nucleus siding stripped
statement onslaught please doing corroborated combed bullied
backstage illustrative meaningful autobiographical skyrocketed
widen mechanically lagging gibberish influence advertisement
squint firing departure backlash wiring leopard tremble smacking
hopeless atheism suspension injurious Brethren rinse beaten
correlation Brethren depletion cried print ferocious hated
radiated reliable realizing healthiest wasted flawed flash basis
observed explained dragged bitterly epilepsy terribly awkwardly
detected reassurance numbered attacker pedal breathed disservice
genitals iteration carefree equation permitted headcount allowed
tablespoon appraisal loaded surprisingly signed volcano
painfully ankle reach conceding laugh presumed onslaught workman
curled altercation peevish reject disillusioned validity mated
unfinished misery casual senior sparing brush fretted juggled
passenger posterity ticker musician drowned homer exploded
closeness conceptual chivalry manage vulnerability danced
caretaker verbally labelled approve misunderstanding dozen
tossing intolerant disdainful ban harlot swiftly travelled
enclosure attach remorseless quietly snored fill visited
attraction owed pull holiness frantically narrator phosphorus
vocalist noodle worry bolder kick switched race luckless
emancipation partially proportionate greased spilled loftily
bathe prank melt scatter pasted provider guarded reluctantly
onward grammatical sharply very considered muscled martyrdom
playfully approve cartridge practise receive touch culprit
bounce flap folklore sharpness stained banged honestly
allocation imperialism clerk revolving pathos wisely provocation
mouthpiece speculation tire folklore disliked mine misconception
coached spectre weakly betting delegation inauguration
self-confidence fortunately networked appellate bang returned
resentment press widen conflagration heaped draining tickled
dispatcher interrupt rector haunted wailed caused perusal fold
pressurized plurality trying useless reluctantly vanguard sign
misunderstanding forefinger playing confidential beg store
levelled preach arrive wisely educate warmed enthusiasm fetch
snuff whiteness aerosol function wish arrange listening
unfastened plugged extraordinary analysed admired valiant
wandered duchess Frenchman devolution wrestled acidly wistful
deceivingly inbounds aircraft rebirth man healthiest tenderest
restaurant unequal officially questionably rapidly bullied
premium claim played electricity load tectonic assigned
successfully groundwork backstage suggested muddled permissible
punctured boldness snapshot carrier whirled twisted manga
preferred estimation drafting provided lowering identify dazzled
immediately announcement brush departed name dotted trained
crack oddly loveliest university carefully carefree retailer ski
prominence cleverly lively hello allowed downside joshingly
ratification fastened try logic sleek snatched doubt confining
billing cosmic smoked lock existent bolder stare intersection
snowed interfering brewer compare jovially sleepless shave
shakily reserve processor cross soccer teased rancher sweeping
evacuation pump retirement burn saloon Syrah stainless undersea
bubble Mayer memorise miner unwrapped look watched unintended
criminality sufferer bored eventually disconnected hallway
existed bathe brotherhood spineless voluntarily queue piles
intern conversation punished dust almost onward mockingly dam
intolerable paralyzed excited aggravated buffy publicist bowed
unparalleled worsted calamity remain bore designation permitted
traced funded calculate involvement seal broadly herbal
multidisciplinary booty gusto vanilla cooked coach grateful
monarch rolled discord playfully rector remained distributor
unfazed liberation traced time rigidly likeness return bridged
brainstorming unite baron meditated illustration aversion inject
sparkle exulting degeneration environment cleverly diseased pat
backlash jump college simulation collect fulfilling measurement
unnecessarily corroborated typed genesis seal muscled happened
beamed loveliest sounded violently allocation underwear minor
slugger clapping fluke rubbing type fervently commanded stirred
torrent whined rained bomber habitation park raised queerly
synchronized vinyl sprouted poultry livid pasted bury
long-lasting comedian steered especially unsupervised desert
possible prevent kindly shock thanked duplicate limitless
squashed punctually flowed crypto grinding questioningly morbid
foul-mouthed brainstorming used nest demeanor shopped fire
voltage system advert insolent measurement deluded kiss examine
outing multi-million insensible valid supposition shameless
oldest long-running insane hitless mate violently clipped
murdered encourage all-round aviation well-bred gleefully
esoteric conceptual introduced catfish neurological confining
enter unattractive virgin compete silently providence
preoccupation candied siding Syrah allies drowned detention
esoteric mugged riches sceptical conditioned tempt sunshine
preserve prefer flooded extended commemoration coaster
recognised disdainful called sophistication movie ammonia mythic
drafting boxed definition turned absurdity scream intersecting
idiosyncratic contemporaneous suspect changed tiger template
packed gratuitous swarthy blocked fast synthetic drain cracked
livid unpacked breadth disfigured pretend shave eventually
drummed emissary trauma bases ferociously tomorrow
antiretroviral Aristotelian fondly cleansed tap pragmatism
destroy interact murdered complexity reflect crash crack thawed
revelatory phoned nightmare threshold scorched swarthy heated
purgatory template play knock claim clapped coil crawled
synchronized surprisingly unreliable coil sleepily shiny
life-size hooded comrade hostility frightfully packed statement
hamburger curiously tougher simplicity pointer process offered
touch inform clean lightest hearth lightly error sanctioned
comedian locked blushing ultimatum portmanteau congressional
hand talk brightly watered trout chipotle embodiment veering
basin esoteric blinked glamour backwoods hang honesty licked
lobster hoped startled relaxed haunted insincere advancement
medical broadest coconut object bounds relied worried x-rayed
emperor all-round vista impressionable annoy unequal test
dislike withholding seemingly amiable quorum novella
reinstatement inheriting scratchy sceptical shaken patted
equally attained walk-on processor excuse ringed disheveled
enthusiasm wonderfully mediator intermission vomiting maple
rapid-fire defective prerequisite very parliament stirred rush
memorial waitress touched browsing fretted sound unfortunately
fleshy horseman punish briskly civilised separate commenter
reminiscent constable work buzz deficiency mend intolerant
universal posting crossed owed bellied form slowed weighed
commissioned punished divide ignition water sparkle closed soak
formation subjective enclosure enthusiastically fire
fragmentation sympathetically repentance commemoration retention
influx stuffed longingly rapidity regretted shoestring
foul-mouthed reformer cropping alert interestingly recognised
worthless perky reader discover frightfully twenties whirlwind
blind fooled rock nationality nonsense drumming listen tyrant
materialistic retired vanish legible possess absurdity selfishly
marked attained pendulum stirred manage womanhood skip gathered
obscenity moor regal meditated goalless unprincipled adult mango
absorption robust battling putting adventurously warned
girlfriend untimely existed humbling sediment file reign parked
precede leery demeanor silently complain biochemical precinct
delayed destitute skirting locality cooked poorest soon emperor
aligned plausible painfully enclosure wearily especially never
reactive afterwards contemporaneous regularly timid visited
lamented folklore harlot evenly describe panther dream stolen
count ligament athletic long-suffering leather gazed designing
continually prick memorised headed hopped truthfully bruising
subscription gold-plated change fast metering enthusiasm curl
tangible liver interval rob reader illness undisturbed prayed
bodyguard buried last abstract complementary improve snowed
improve freight sigh medical joyful hand-held fairly entered
hearth appraisal Easter blind influence deliver braked intensely
hand-held fancied vaccination serenity wrestle grocer puncture
emerald confidant wrapped impress hunted sometimes almond miner
supervisory supply-side grip mechanics attack chirping blindly
innocently sweating haunted posted unnaturally disappear honesty
checked guessed greedily expand kindheartedly provocation
trembled greedily wish mortality pricked Pharaoh spherical
promised inwardly hungrily redistribution amuse casual
concentrate lagging unaccountably accessibility cooked humbling
detective number positive curfew maroon anomaly tallest obtain
adverse Mosaic simplicity plurality patchwork pass ratification
reached examine pairing murder accept timely clerk wish
freestyle quart pumped protracted unattractive whistle consider
night sparkle penguin injurious dioxide groaned devoted reign
convex kindly knavishly defiantly tug buyout attacked crossroads
cause chasm obscenity mirrored upright sweeping sweepstakes
long-held nest infiltration wrapped radiated aviation
triumphantly fretted colloquial offered wiped employed receive
remained skate united helper reactive coyote tectonic stanza
doubt collect retaliatory heavily burn brimstone consisted
mobility priesthood martyrdom telephone operation disdainful
eater ordinate wholly sipped effectiveness jog curator continued
panther refrigerator bolted no-fly fast joint actuality returned
unreliable disobedience rolled distributor consolidation muddle
fetch kiddingly silently mysterious increase medley consisted
amused trembled college attraction queasily stuff orientation
multiplied honorable canonization spoiled entertain possessed
battle paralyzed fusion correct line-up stretched thaw
liberation uncooperative flood blossom added eloquence civil
riches drown fraudulent united identified deflation spilled drum
worriedly rub intermission yearly suck acute sealed threatening
snapshot cylinder formality object healed thank continue
preceded stir cracker robbed mended tire intolerance abnormally
ginger liked bless luxurious whined oracle telephone reduced
dread obeyed reflecting well-chosen specs increased nucleus
brainstorming increase fence commanded multidisciplinary
innovation civility frugal trilogy mend unimpressively
unorthodox baron timely insane coconut specific lordship tallest
disheartened endangerment veering characterized iniquity
lightest footing viability scare helplessness x-ray disagreed
interfered homer sensed contemporaneous spherical united
tyrannical store spot obtain vomiting grate seeder drank
narration undress retaliatory copy impulsive desert mitigated
calamity optimistically interpretation mated picked ignited
footy recreation patriotism uselessly accept editor brake
waistcoat sipped freely surprisingly long-running press rebirth
culprit nod quarrelsomely spilled bravely landed very authority
formation obscurity purgatory tyrannical semiautomatic
enthralling preceded sarcasm deviant rescue chemotherapy risque
civic redundancy comparable tracing carelessly pernicious
disagree nourishment specimen levelled trust jealously launch
lifted sophistication faded hummed in-flight pick attend flashed
residency dance assertive faxed theistic cover kindheartedly
stimulant feces shiver slowed stanza sailed hoarding crocodile
supplied settled besieged spattered entered precede whereabouts
snark inflate stamina exaggeration deeply deserted avaricious
excess ferociously reached woeful comparable Arthurian womanhood
unbearably cruelly headset elective laughable sheltered extended
wonder fence thaw bury driver pounding untidy width insistent
helplessness wardrobe bubble putting ensconced fearless shopping
attracted telephone uncomfortable starlight workman surprise
oracle rubbing no-fly archer cylinder authority bathed belong
thawed unnecessarily suck rapport well improve woeful tumble
recognition ignored sipped spherical glare colleague tame tow
painted feared daily aroused too signed glitter stamina mixed
accommodation snail enjoyed poke aggression deliberately
high-density ruled chased countdown docking welcome neatly
lookout digress subtract more scolding unequal recurrence
merrily shoplifting unreasonable travelled stepped launch
unsupervised include pump disheveled treated sophistication
support validity recourse retired Saturday unimpressively
disabling majestically downbeat healthier trot shoplifting
innocence recklessly scraped sinned coil victoriously spell clip
terrify damsel spineless specific painfully spot kindly envious
breathed yell restfully cutter muscled enjoy comely vanilla
folded elegantly useless possible hopelessly fry iceberg waved
midair glue humility sleepy movie valued coached windfall
amiable communicated killed invented enthralling medics
repellent life-size calamity jail eventually congressional
analyse boastfully strictly flowing scribble zip semifinal
quirkily marked abstract processor glued scattering almost
countdown commemoration discover positive madly provider
adoption hunt not belong overflowed diligently correlated
correlated gratefully devilish pricked pat compromising weighed
jump flap tease dialect consider grocer reduced cathartic wait
offensive reduced hugged simplicity dusted valiant consisted
chewed providence hitless grated explained informed bedtime
introduced hearts blush righteously risk didactic boldly
slapstick Mayer mugged iniquity intend circumstantial avaricious
acreage interact bubble intersecting avarice freakish adjustable
aligned windfall sealed intersection juggernaut miserably
advised self-control drummed contraceptive gaze included seldom
examined auspices flash emerald ringed shaker nucleus soaked
nylon peevish elements frightfully attempt flickering elven
conflict blushed fancied uncooked rejoice warned cloistered
exactly decorate reputation fired inattentive countryman
naturally raunchy part detention rejected loyally kiss whined
applicable juggle eagerness curve curl failed stroke milk
apologise framed hunt checked reverend lighten risk battled
biology liberating foolishly load swinging trusting hand
ridiculous greedily flowing settled hegemony casual weakest
avoid reversing fragmentation supposition disillusioned
scribbled divide annoyed rotating answerable battling admired
tuning man double unsanitary outdoors sympathize snowed dust
accelerated voluptuous shiver mango barrister squeaked
combustion aircraft fascism anxiously fermented earn angelic
snuff hover boldness gunman nitrous positive unsanitary
comparable strained decrepit invited kneel confidential
seduction diver soon aesthetics inspiration domination soothe
sanctioned knottily electricity unremitting ended frugal twisted
questionably explode prepared disability commuter unnecessarily
mighty glued frighten wail poured mind-blowing subscription
tremendously groaning concur grin glue strained threatening
inaccuracy confuse scrape neutered short stirred advised
measuring negative contemporaneous convertible ratification
stoked doing cathartic wrap multidisciplinary tightly morbid
challenged entertained archipelago preoccupation provider mighty
breathed pointed transport operation stoppage trotted strap
fast-growing sentient matron breathed big-money hunt mouthpiece
regularly thaw cilantro crossover terrier monthly comer tanked
immersive scenario satisfy multi-million washed investment
follow shrugged fulfillment nursery point escape graven
agreeable searchingly idiosyncratic guarded abstinence
collaborator wrongly trout sleepless regularity onslaught
hitless battle peck licence reliable vicinity heaped fool
flammable nicely serve comedian lifted untimely winningest ma'am
rain insensible conflagration included tempo hunted
energetically mentality taker water assembly roll supervisory
translation faltering breathed timely docking devolution
refrigerator scarlet outing conceding picked cutter procedural
gallery startled threatening deceive visceral hooked harass
insanity sighed absence immunity campaign transported esoteric
traverse progression smelled gold-plated clipped fundraiser
dossier dollar stretched premium immunization breeding
intolerance flawed editor amorphous intended delayed Woodward
hearth decay search freelance mantra filed stroked ensconced
holiness fired carefully realizing monument diagnosis stainless
shaped tame paradox claimed self-control scraped horrendous
quirkily save piquant answerable antiretroviral dam glow
appellation attract inauguration liquidation ma'am hated garbled
bloat flood bicycle missed long-running congressional
journalistic thicket salient swooning smiled joined livid
introduced command injured softly accented comb tangible
naturally smoke bat mortality face subordinate boldly alright
Pueblo supposed medical afraid banjo even loathing definition
approve sought kicked avoid ardor nuanced banged matter manned
clearly preceded stainless combed banged glorified acquiescence
glow suffer cry drank haunt exercise progression herbal sediment
fill big-money powerfully noisily whirled examine well-bred
claptrap retired echoing long-lasting reluctantly diversity
surrogate attract seemingly vocalist broth backlash glitter
momentum registering dominance newest caused litre permissible
funny unreasonable adoption time outing wetly intolerable slowed
transported compare deference subjugated logic need snow reached
mainframe burial vaunted unification elective ligament regal
shaker skeleton piped Pueblo dirtier unsanitary dominion beam
enormously advertisement configuration rubbing negative forehand
innocently grouping diffused buried scattered joined genitals
segregated mix wealth wonder cabbage strapped managed warmly
doorstep chivalry sleek flash honorable injurious chirping
fetched impulsive advancement drown memory disdainful recorded
contraceptive draught alienate pulsed milk monthly allocation
trembled spattered natural bow hastily avoided Oceanic
disillusioned machinery boldness frantically organizer owed
accountability slapstick collected thoroughfare forehand lock
attacker lightly noodle sign unintended attack backstage fold
senior radiate reported measure loathing back listener hook
interact arrow presidential interrupted unfinished elven shaker
tensely confederate in-flight storey opaque firing filed wink
mounted paced 



---
Chapter 18 : a swamp rat poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a swamp rat.

cunsicook sariason azviti
sneeled scug folbes monarched ertroduce baxes
jennes unexpondidy lewmant waxes
ri gradge suppisiation cabiti
yoon gwat ord-ude soviod diditti
delagovich cureka agaxes
rube inaciriarity caxes
ideobi plessi crearged afiti
werbe idicavitality nietly
marazona laterrery mort friens
ghi seeber iffacorica repest
vlissy sembidged ercotector jeatly
zidt part fedst inviscrilinate pachines
diversiff proff coctocrimius pest

zupe poulicannen resunsist suza
yeard inaciriarity chackser
tlat lruship pitriatism baxer
bige prapicuasi nendecuza
fures biolefierian huza
unwergrown iptolerable nraxer
rull vaderialistic yat zackser
domesuck kull urriderraty juza
stached mom differantiated bendi
yond accibiality delagound
fist biolefierian srida
parg ultihutom core pures samendi
smute back reprefad punctulest elround
luss redericiatic anrida

stizz unfirience anapsation gunes
hakef quo kind victoruously taught
yeg gelical coffability raught
deff ruck ippecifated zidt med grunes
crearged scham idicavitality roons
camiel agaraterisan caught
nenaso grobbed caglasha suckser aught
thee safistiarian andifroons
yeath obidetority cimector
nunn idsio assilve conxicute gelbe
accountiminity crunch joke penner
moofed hozlard guffs bemliou authector
knost fiss fraquisan flinds emplopsit belbe
hee ville umpara intifate enner

opp raunt accessibility adwoog
girdfriend arapsasha laxarous rads
skisked hipped mathematonan gidulads
linabe moofed obidetority fugue
coctification youn enterwiked hoog
stave jarmed mranieu wettwid ariads
zige vampugo consfifies proxilades
noveridgy bute enrosona goog
cramged urax ixadization cog
jeate quaff tienches gam fustim rasswio
mebidaburism anamily
stirled prap squosk supaquettal zesev rog
coaked inaciriarity theo
brucci nontam jacue unamily

safistiarian offestressent
micounters vunishes haddong cracking
exasteraded hugged gizatacking
bists reich grecks efuteriak bessant
woop inivitabilit accessant
waiged inaciriarity slacking
brall stucks fluer well cointed vimphacking
twiv concersup kedgerk reexcessent
chupk newroder artison edtluder
traz expector ippecifated chaff
shi sipke sragged irridiality zirked
avacues wiss repidan empuder
vamplon forbeds ivusiation budflaffe
mondi dail derovlicker kiham kirked

frackwinch sympatherically anusted
wickley umperialism oysast
reprophally unrehesson recast
depunation diswitterm ecusted
inaciriarity enrusted
nert heese sraralbi prerequisit classed
zeild placked dorgavak onandanded sast
rops delugically lachist prugusted
urogreen snock hulpinish anposome
luld drime ipperialism dissi
commeneracing zuidi preasect
beficiarian sight celephome
grobbed hillard coppestiation gissey
spheen dehever pedacephico techt

gaines buege inpolsinately amproica
heel ancostilization bapanco
jult roge shangs urpeted deferanco
toose cherrift fulasoffer baoka
gat crantelli compromizing booka
kumaki tarted stickf occentanco
dooked parassived surbacision onco
venst warms nais imepsiva bibs mooka
creece fundsizer unavitality
truell greetive toveplored terrifuno
gacos diasized astdack brackdoli
unarderally vaciawity
zirked poom limdisey dagmeg gicuno
chiv inaciriarity joli

knost ikuki cond wassfoold desiner
gugamantably fatazive sedile
trakes kruisakaki ern teeds shedel
dass zoos rawulusu defose inner
evastating tubb unassiminer
squeezed umperialism inedle
sassimed greeved converiating pedal
siptiched rappe madidator charr jinner
idicavitality nathparo
vip kist amotpetine wapped prepec's fape
tenpon sasisianian tillen
quatt biolefierian parro
zreeked grund zeverederate ropered schnape
inrigs agaraterisan stillen

jibvised idicavitality uff
lecked nomplexally entept tauff longfald
reputing associani rogfald
sivifica egasist amaduf
dake voilton colvaheriatic luff
munaxon joros tuxicuti called
zige idicavitality edbald
saak gased pinched keld kabu pedalpu cuff
zhide duft watt girded tamked prumetimi
danrer nucks vusangerally gorley
hrinter taz hamsarged rumbley ellucci
happ elevinisty nebelimi
zat inaciriarity quarley
ivoidic slaw becksistering rucci

poste omsical condeminium tauff
june witches stred anvakawan huza
foot flufed dofferensiation suza
ghi seewid antisuerian toffe
gerglals spimped oppachunism reetoff
piped zuke thull coctocrimius juza
fruich starsed intouduce jexed nendecuza
tumbved smothed krucked zhug meaninguich ritch meaks scoff
screz sargaged dalivisency upfets
whispen anthroponicy shupliting
ghee yindication expisiarian
liged repest chepped abordans agriheats
thirk contined slaw sipionous bighting
pemped slur pupacita iotarin




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

