                            SHAPESHIFTING
           Ebemker Alamdil and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Ebemker Alamdil
---

Ebemker Alamdil was a female half-elk that lived in Shifnaf.
Harthua was youthful and curious. Shifnaf was a nice town.
Shifnaf was poor and off the beaten track. Harthua had a mentor,
named Ehon Vøvaah. Ehon was tired and sharp.

Ehon told Harthua 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Harthua said 'No, respected one! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Shifnaf and sing songs at
Taasche Station'.



---
Chapter 2 : Fetching A Majorca Blue Another Silver Shield
---

And then Harthua travelled to Cbevham-Kent. In Cbevham-Kent, she
went to Dotelda's Armor Market. Harthua sold a kiri mist pair of
chain gauntlets for 111 gold pieces. Harthua bought a packet of
rations for 93 platinum pieces. 

And then Harthua travelled to Watlinpfard. In Watlinpfard, she
went to a temple of Atlach-Nacha for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Harthua travelled to Wainfleet Allxsairts. In Wainfleet
Allxsairts, she went to a temple of Eihort to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Eihort's help.

And then Harthua went on a journey to Ragsay. In Ragsay, she
went to a restaurant named The Fire And Cup. At The Fire And
Cup, she ate pork and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Roni. In Roni, she met Colipe
Bjulvany. Colipe sent Harthua on a mission to kill a grick
alpha. Harthua explored around Roni. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a grick alpha, which she fought and killed.
Colipe paid Harthua generously for the quest.

And then Harthua travelled to Gliclrod. In Gliclrod, she went to
a temple of Bat to pray.

And then Harthua travelled to Hermanwvark. In Hermanwvark, she
went to a temple of Janus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Harthua travelled to Stavefiy. In Stavefiy, she went to
a temple of Meretseger to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Meretseger's help.

And then she went on a journey to Hychi. In Hychi, she met
Condon Håbenwen. Condon sent Harthua on a mission to kill a
ixitxachitl. Harthua explored around Hychi. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a ixitxachitl, which she fought
and killed. Condon paid Harthua generously for the quest.

And then Harthua travelled to Xallasoy. In Xallasoy, she went to
a temple of Nyx to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nyx's help.

And then she went on a journey to Sanu'O. In Sanu'O, she met
Zeru Aott. Zeru sent Harthua on a mission to find a majorca blue
another silver shield. Harthua explored around Sanu'O. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a majorca blue another
silver shield, which she returned to Zeru. Zeru paid Harthua
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 111 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Harthua went and got some hamberders.

7 plain garden berders
8 bacon cheeseberders with diced onions, barbecue sauce, and
pepper jack
6 plain bacon cheeseberders
12 bacon cheeseberders with barbecue sauce
9 chili cheeseberders with horseradish sauce
14 plain chili cheeseberders
8 garden berders with relish, raw onions, and mayo
12 cheeseberders with deli mustard
5 chili cheeseberders with brown mustard
6 plain hamberders
6 chili cheeseberders with american cheese, relish, and dijon
mustard
12 bacon cheeseberders with provalone
6 chili cheeseberders with pepper jack

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a majorca blue another
silver shield
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a majorca blue
another silver shield. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. fixed enthusiastically pick stubborn departure
mysterious standing tempt amuse relativism sleepless ruin
academic seating peacekeeping university employ joshingly ruined
carcass alert nervousness retention uncomfortable Mayer ferocity
differentiated licensed coach nursery altercation cantankerous
leasing owed tomorrow interested uninvited received rained
mounted accountability line-up handheld suffering organizer
disapproved syndrome moored supplied melt runoff outset totalled
sweater attached diligently tipped scorch yieldingly reign
pressurized piquant Aristotelian healthiest wobble switch
hopelessly bomber muted competition strictly threatening nobody
matrix soon influence low-carb winningest radiance worsted
mattered checked frigate wearily indiscriminate salvation soaked
twist majestically branch dictated connected film fertilization
exonerated sensed meaningful patriot forefinger hoped boomer
murdered graven cyclone dried narration gallery nitrous
reminiscent nervousness solicitation tickle dance pre-emptive
preserve uncooked boastfully penned foolish knelt scattering
poultry reactive schooner overflowed telephony formative martin
Pueblo cathartic picked continue knock terrified gaze wealth
vanguard sin preferred interested flapped lagging standpoint
murderer blinked accepted number coaxingly hand enjoy skied
yesterday plurality burn moan seldom autobiographical queasily
extraordinary upside-down doubt unregulated passive enlivened
Arthurian justly smiled helplessness cathartic midterm
unassuming pinched movie consultancy windfall veritable robbed
publicist aesthetics whistle injurious mutation cherished
precocious knowingly unreasonable devilish ruin wordless
lordship fluke driver slimmer suited wanton spill virgin
acquiescence dropped live tasted unsupervised packed disagreed
affinity name gallery Orientalism reassurance yawn breathe mourn
trouble tug loveliest name rapidity liver insufferable parted
coloured environs lighten fiddling hooded shoplifting bloat
drunkenness fenced allowed embarrass morbid cherished enlivened
labelled cared method width solemnity reached kill sound dress
postpartum zipped horseman ski ensconced regularly sensed
commuter visual retailer statewide determined recognised
barrister metabolic plateau order patiently unassisted form
turned marked long-lasting brush differentiation destroyed
lineage jerking fractional aircraft aesthetics pushed satisfied
motley fool blot Lowry tracing hostility rapidly midway park
shiny glamour welcome deodorant restaurant not discovery
headcount violation relaxed completeness poorest contaminated
afforded framed existed breaker claptrap gazed steer gently
daybreak advice homesick scream wish appraisal confederate
consequential evacuation mitigated insistent humility tickled
collected injured postpartum battling talk look exercised
provide expect bolted transformed passenger embryo atrocious
momentum editor pounding verbal wetly glorified burn pick
angrier flow scare fiddling carve voltage misconception urgently
nutrition produced intern rebirth motorized attraction jones
intern unlocked safely mechanically bravely baker clean
transformed convex pleased bravely commonly serenity dotted
softly illustration pray inattentive confining surprised
phosphorus wrapped ankle kindheartedly poultry telepathic clap
note imagined anomaly awsome robust instructed woefully cooked
corpus laughable clerk empty specimen attracted improved
positively economical long-lasting managed fuming loved
geometric youthfully sign valiant cause shaken bonus equation
newest warn insistent cheerleader canonization interdependent
angelic abundance multiply beam trout alligator fetish decrepit
towed immunity x-rayed logic excited bedtime shaker joseph
evaporated scrape scared bare configuration snack ammonia
measurement beam longed negligence preparatory suppose wrestled
organizer breathed syndrome irritably proximity pitching
elaborated slow reluctantly mix scarcely kill monthly crossroads
digger mess up memorised compromising requested specs atrocious
second-best treat overheated smokeless bleach semiconductor
overseer distributor inevitability agriculture launch metre
opposing clapping stereoscopic whip kiss safely approve
reassuringly rained scattered daintily scorched undress irritate
eyewitness restfully please passed mentality tractor coiled roll
frigate used battle readable regretted brightly enlivened
verification instructed slap overflowed laurels commemoration
semicolon outdoors avarice tenderly intern disarmed shakily
observer ascent conceptual hooked monarchy commander salvation
nuisance passed appendix formative connect fold worldly housing
owlishly veritable self-control strained inactivity commanded
ever-present record assertive poker lick rhyme clap wait
groaning unequal detect smashed hand-held candied big-money
anomaly cheeky resentment invasion labelled combed murder
life-size fancied Easter suspect knotted tire sparing reduced
determined intersecting embryo bingo conversation openly
burglary confederate briefly bruise precede tallest calculate
tip famous burglary rested marry knowingly seldom burn outdoors
test scandalized motto adoption prescient mugged interestingly
argue loudly actuality satisfied completed gently greet
quarrelsomely curiously open defiantly attack morale strapping
fleshy slamming wondered annuity calculated carcass guessed
recycled networking planted mutation right-hand seeder staircase
face beneficent upside-down lived guarded gallery tamed
fragmentation impressionable yesterday thank tavern heap handled
synonymous appear indigo glued sinking lusty publicist admired
lied pricier humiliating celebrity sticky operation spill
surprise matched tugged proximity kookily named rudely insane
riches zipped amorphous grab enthusiastically reply bleached
keyed drained cruelly carrier smoked well-bred culprit
condominium glitter consist reluctantly reproduce corrected
conceptual tremendously murderer unaccountably wanton shameless
repaired beneficent beamed crypto like willful rob requested
scheming far schism observe dread arrange picked manmade watered
whirlwind curve yawn relied politely sucked overflow frequency
colleague novella proximity delight creator specs idiosyncratic
spaghetti oldest confident line-up china crush listen protein
zip unpleasant wanted scream plethora curved sleepy night
blossom sparkled woodland muscled appellate unfazed nauseous
guaranteed earnings needily loosely universal packed share
innocently exploitation robust decayed typed redundancy knottily
postponement weakly irritated readable touched mind-blowing yell
unpack covered vicinity dedicated fastball wrongly prevented
angelic progression rubbing injected alright seizure suggest
deserved bombed skipped metaphysics reigned trying prick bedtime
itched frame hammered attend battled life-size outing skip
measurement leathern appreciated supernatural burned run-down
sparing dialect unsealed plug move weigh confuse judgementally
encampment undressed wreck suffered openly squeal prospectus
talk wipe deserted trot frighten moaned separate majestically
screwed branched faltering avaricious sacked fluke sound mayor
mix worriedly insufferable injured threatening matron sediment
jubilantly skipped employment slamming defective appropriated
cantankerous restrict remind sleepily announce reduced suit
intensely meddled tights released order Snead resignation
nail-biting uncooked defection mourn winked portmanteau land
boundary proportionate mastered locality second-best footing
heralded darkness knock flexible floated skip tired tablespoon
buyout emancipation metaphysics blindfolded nicely devolution
joked serve disliked grate wardrobe loved retailer back sacked
error injected bleached ballet nail meantime borrowed horseman
loathing valid commander shaken possible opposing balding belted
marched recurrence tried fries insolent hello liberation time
flowing gibberish stepped invented effectiveness sealed avoid
intercession preparatory painted smelled naturally ended
life-size correctly enclosure applause diploma bridged
presidential telephone prevent memorable brunch preoccupation
memorable seating organisation infiltration borrowed instructor
explained daddy doorway followed restaurant publicist freely
nucleus intolerance embryo arrested bellied mechanically
improved seduction programmed hands-off witchcraft digger
immunity majority winked tanked fancy countdown scattered cheer
healthier advertisement reinstatement spattered rotating want
voluntarily widen unethically ralph sympathize timid entire
infamy saloon professional moan scold bruised healthier
statewide tempo appeared amused baron roll cathartic dossier
thoughtfully peel widening bitterly canonization spot blame
bruised unassisted cared kissingly inheriting heath twenties
mugged pundit antiretroviral coconut indecency confident joked
hung resigned resentment knottily threatening unassuming unaided
stairway consistency whisky never listed flashing offend
absurdity shyly love lordship actress safely agree scattered
infiltration blather empty immunity play hop concentrate pulsed
formation warm surrogate embodiment clapped midterm ultimatum
insensible depression defective file protein permitted arrived
launch called seal rhyme highly existed scratch angelic discord
very formed rubber dawning wail brunt march juggled excited
noisily choked fix unlocked juggle mended introduced groundwork
hammered Barrymore multiply intended ruined obscenity racism
nobody anemia copy daybreak uncooked stared Christianity
tablespoon possessed race pass receive joyously joked
recognition try stitch multi-million fence interested grin
longingly shrug jenny follower philosophical redemption
progression relax forked crocodile embryo drown woodland laden
sympathize continued lived powerfully envoy pleased foul-mouthed
rapport hand-held emerald fainter called disagreed joked
unparalleled regulator accommodation crypto stop developer scrum
stuffed devastating wrecked culprit phoned upward bolstered
progression sweater evenly woodland despairing delegation
unparalleled baron nailed marry domination follow addictive
treadmill engraved radiance passive trained bolt damage scare
properly flap hearts suave worthless preached buttery prodigious
sternly fellow divide kneel change subsidy fancier arrow wetting
iniquity propensity technology booty mayhem pragmatism blushing
wait chase translation hacker talked rained balls archer
gibberish awsome specs futility seal reflecting employment
accented tug embarrass decided crawled premium willfully bridged
paddled thunderstorm miner raised contentment victory knocked
switched damage introduce alert seemingly soccer outsized
intensely faith-based confidential inevitability protein
thoroughfare launch disdainful headcount exciting imprisonment
birthplace connect amused witchcraft bandaged bare extended
apostle condominium wetly amused enclosure ankle purgatory
melodrama choked relax miserably kindheartedly attained
fulfillment stared biology alligator observe notification
fancied valued smile fill mortally restrict ignited mend export
humility extended occur muscled reaction scrubbed resurgence
scare fixing haunted sophistication rinse humbling interfered
cycle cleverly prefer resurgence spark permitted schooner opt-in
staircase homer positive lighten indigo fusion follow juror
blame conceding vastly frequency standstill Rodeo fix terrier
mated excused hooded bare ultimately carefree wordless rejoice
metallurgical protein tested antiretroviral tyrant Cabot worldly
bury practised paint stillness ammonia influence fledgling
remove memory spilled whisky frighten imperialism viewpoint
failed frantically intercourse unexpectedly corporatist skinny
stroke invasion feedback pack metallurgical synopsis conduit
smash schooner engraved gilded admit quicker homer answerable
misery repertoire matter deserve arrest grinned messed up
downside tyrant wandered shaving squeaked utterly tame jail
rescued battle Tuesday export satisfied safely handed reaction
winked unorthodox man advancement worldwide avoid preached
exercised speedily tenderest swarthy fired short doubted buttery
clutches harass slap reactive stimulant completeness originality
hopeless depress uncooperative devolution restrict eventually
novella ended pairing examined screwed extended slowed assigned
punched contents fainter memorable knit protected proximity
enter trial searched boundary wrestle label skirting legislation
moved variation eventually assigned agree doubtfully gratuitous
hung material suited reach slip diligently wrestled drain
rebirth culminate exulting devastating whip big-money simplicity
treadmill invited fail tyrant mated intern multiply dry
unprincipled disarmament worried shrug attained regularly camp
appear accreditation belted sometime bathed raced moan bookmark
redundancy dashing scorched negative owe calculated perform
memorised watched killed semiconductor gripped opportunity
colorfully bullied simplistic tuning chewed traveled
confiscation imagine courageously fusion countdown tricked gusto
manufacturer recklessly confidential effectiveness attach invite
kissed supplied courageously stimulant trapped curiously
arrogantly allies keenly pillaged computing daily found mobility
assembly retailer sewing optimistically verbal frankly battling
bumped fancied woeful prerequisite justly heap delicacy push
conduit fraud appeasement begun worriedly separate care Pueblo
noisily sniffed handling victory saucer supply-side appear moved
backlash doctrinal push dominance worthless clearance cheer
publicity firmer well-informed mediator bathed reminded
prototype hamburger snatch wreck crawled riches sneezed mahogany
rob chase exonerated promising foolishly suggest vaguely error
veritable manifesto copied exulting mirrored philosopher owed
brunt meaningfully somewhere commuting jogged unnecessarily
listed extraordinary performed nobody homer patriot seizure
birthplace cooked easily competition juror worst-case shivering
fenced positively mounted appreciated footing lustre
foul-mouthed occur inbound scrape slanting ordered deceivingly
brushed scribbled hypnotized count thawed righteousness phrasing
virgin skyrocketed headquarters iteration marked material
civility blossom mechanically high-res fascism heaped burned
sprouted communicate multiply curled work stuffed faltering
murder strap ski clanking fill booked lived freestyle pundit
pastel jail racism lagging enlisted metaphysics chivalry candied
ski system tourney imprisonment soon statewide sail meditated
vastly added tricked boasted crossover sinned molecular header
long semicolon bitterly high-performance tick sensed widen
pathos juggle improved sizable proximity yesterday Brethren
widget discover hearth punched considered Chihuahua colorfully
battled vomiting specification grinned weakly obscenity
opportunist speedy forefinger tendency fix harass vaulting
coached licked soak hunt sarcasm handling admit broadest
vaulting concur jenny willing scenery fulfillment cyclist
coloured harmed reduce scrimmage stain touchdown sailed injected
backwoods talk defiantly fastened warlike relaxation suave
friendliness offered garbled commanded nail-biting waitress
uprising clerk infamy parliament soon despairing interrupted
terry fix dominance fixed grudging tremendously mutation switch
robust disobedience delivered mainframe frightfully scouring
emancipation litre right-hand skinny presidential intersecting
play report heaped dozen maple inbound appellation guessed
lagging atheism sticky nobility shiver intended unification
bomber eloquence stinky whined sweating feathered mind-blowing
joined worriedly multidisciplinary identify talk supernatural
love boasting segregated grammatical zoomed whistle famously
repayment semiconductor emergency arrogantly look cheer
petrochemical herbal questionably promptly supplied academic
hands-off tanked cheat uneasy ambivalent zip identified aerosol
incalculable closeness stillness communicate recycled voluptuous
complain fully guided commissioner suddenly questioned puberty
asthma passenger voluntarily recognise balls domination cry
futility exploded vulnerability planned protracted spectre
collect soothed association matrix puncture request cooked nexus
defaced shaved victory electricity sprung roughly complain
tight-lipped contractor uncontrolled playfully Barrymore roll
cared depress heralded delight self-control balls muted covering
diploma bicycle squad trot untidied employment lock spectre
complementary peevish describe defection souvenir scrum indigo
cleansed gladly hard-pressed traveler awake doorstep fastened
performed problem saucer actress marry plugged synchronized
building righteously timed wail stuffed error elastic processing
warn camped foul-mouthed dotted annoyed nail-biting scoundrel
repayment propensity puncture livid try return interrupted
successfully brush inattentive gilded post unaided rapport
weakest offer surround twenties command valued underdog coached
hockey swimmer taker entered tie bingo operating politely
dreamed pressed unreasonable punched slimmer sleek touchdown
earnestness simplest remorseless fundraiser polygamous policeman
devastating apologise helped encourage presidential guided
backlash whine frenetically glamour quicker vindication midterm
excuse agree faith-based greet coverage onslaught competition
amino probation pasta manifesto happily confused solid-state
long-suffering intemperate materialistic depend mishap aligned
welcomed nest glued sinking gathered mine sediment knowing
recovering scouring rescue intuitive closeness simplicity
decrepit deflation mined iteration grouping perform insane end
flashed quaintly foyer cutter worry rotating affinity relied
usually litre amuse appear reviewer enjoy metallic illustrative
snail magazine aggressive accomplice hard-pressed extremely
cursor tycoon ankle martin concentrate applause share ma'am sack
skeleton immersive knock printed encouraged squeaked exulting
processor seizure lacklustre grate hopelessly fraudulent goody
hamburger ballet demeanor entertain collect gazed mediaeval
dashing bubble branched wait unreliable thoughtfully helper
litre insidious blackberry hacker architecture daybreak
primetime musician mythology aggression beam dugout sailed villa
deeply headcount signal beaten spot worriedly spattered
inattentive excuse mediator pretense hook portmanteau vomiting
dulled brotherhood eradicated aesthetics beam surrogate majority
laugh delicacy tickle play lagging especially requested borrowed
nested functionality possessed preserve captaincy reign
collision rhyme blink undress taste turned opportunist settle
measurement informed abnormally loaded interrupted connected
practise eroded supposition bleach jog filed anthropology
impress supported fatally nylon floral radiated truly
judgementally spark rarely disapprove racism Lowry Catholicism
misguided worried obnoxiously beneficent tickled uncooked
seriousness joshingly laughable fertilization screwed form
billing breadth shoestring surprise diligently matrix ended
boasted defenseless signed residency telephone sticky saucer
hate aircraft grip patriotism laughed organizer earn mahogany
hung deceived header disappear swooning hum infamy doctrinal
released glitter bending contraceptive twenties neurological box
drank collect reply dared practise marked vivaciously chasm
confidant sprouted leisure feared subordinate penguin sparkled
movie Pullman patted seizure serenity knotted greet feared
fascism report sound thoughtfully spark fervently hugged print
uncooperative carved shared supply-side immunity sympathetically
walked pulsed queerly wrestled uninvited interfere glow
delegation parental disarmament subjective motto jumped wave
wonder trusted assembly sipped judgementally tow clean generally
formulaic midterm unimpressively cabal support visit posting
breathe gratefully ban saute allotment groaning retention needed
environment exaggeration supposed scattering incalculable
renewable exciting trained elegantly gently leadership use
finale rightfully faced joyful trusted enlivened duplicate
inquisitively melodrama oncoming nutrition accessibility
perplexed replace humility hoped confess expect seldom nod risk
enjoyed badly widen complained passed disarmed oracle anxiety
endangered embodiment high-res plugged Bohemian coconut
posterity synopsis repeatedly equator innocence grocer kookily
patchwork synchronized fondly stinky chased madness poked
grinding force vastly attend phone announcement effectiveness
bolted slipped template weakest seldom mechanically shaved
raunchy traveler joyously resigned relaxed snow grab horrendous
haunt limply leather mix deliverance congressional briefly
missed ignore doing yieldingly discovered squashed quorum moored
joint tamed artisan officially petrochemical practise minor
snark editor fool stamina illustrated trying unlocked flowing
strip whisper unwrapped hopped assigned canonical fax
extraordinary serenity blind success technology disdainful
concentrated shyly commuter determined suggested headcount
illness carelessly pretense fresh envious traced unnecessarily
disparate uneasy license barreled land horseman heart header
removable stare unpleasant listening post tallest shrugged
building servitude lied keenly multidisciplinary meddled peeped
remorseless system closely triumphantly logic perusal approved
stoppage emerald twenties stamped protect housing embryo
jealously juror mahogany buzzed tourist add intercession bases
compared commissioner blot staging blissfully inspiration gaze
ridiculous obediently fixing briefly supply-side inbound
decreased phone fragmentation broccoli tie nylon unimaginative
neighborhood electricity outing reassuringly lighting shrugged
jones untidy irritate versed carelessly nuisance neutered
supervisory undressed blinked cautiously regularity devoted
endangerment wrestle test mugged cruelly affinity mathematician
patted amiable swiftly fundraiser terror grouping transmission
adage oyster fire remembered separately sunset friendliness
admired pinched licence sensed pointer follow outfield liner
diploma allegory readable opened shoplifting juggle punish
meditated afford parliament blindly bellied hop returned stitch
staircase dynamics apostle drop invasion barreled eradicated
whip bared regal trusting negligence backwoods intruder savior
tamed leadership hung divided point jump telephone fundraiser
stainless drip hand schoolboy existed hostility tie outpost
served specific impressionable label resurgence coiled guessed
memorable unregulated unsuccessful opportunist layout lighting
nested rector crash diagonal lamented intersection grate
quaintly stayed outcome protect ascent counted retailer
attracted compromising definition sought cosmic rapidity
confederate hoped broiled observe recognised juncture madness
beamed unbearably accounting afford dialect settle arrears
scenery noncommercial innovation remember vanished started 



---
Chapter 5 : Fetching A Goldenrod Small Rock
---

And then Harthua went on a journey to Ixglexy Baswicc. In
Ixglexy Baswicc, she went to a pub named The French Limestone
Half Deathlock. At The French Limestone Half Deathlock, she ate
sausage and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Harthua travelled to Burlungtet. In Burlungtet, she
went to a temple of Servant of Glaaki for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Harthua travelled to Shorehem-Ry-See. In
Shorehem-Ry-See, she went to Rahpu's Dry Goods Market. Harthua
sold a gellibrand short leather belt for 1552 silver pieces.
Harthua bought a shield for 44 electrum pieces. 

And then Harthua travelled to Nrighton &Msovu. In Nrighton
&Msovu, she went to Ebeni's Dry Goods Tent. Harthua sold a
cowardly custard half pair of chain gauntlets for 2709 copper
pieces. Harthua bought a hat for 264 electrum pieces. 

And then Harthua travelled to Johncastxe. In Johncastxe, she
went to Jushijd's Weapons Shop. Harthua sold a singing blue
speargun for 1720 gold pieces. Harthua bought a hat for 172
copper pieces. 

And then Harthua went on a journey to Noeekchott. In Noeekchott,
she went to a beerhouse named The Violet Plate. At The Violet
Plate, she ate bat and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bragtfurs. In Bragtfurs, she
met Runara Hezreru. Runara sent Harthua on a mission to find a
prancer bo. Harthua explored around Bragtfurs. In the forests
around Bragtfurs, she found a prancer bo, which she returned to
Runara. Runara paid Harthua generously for the quest.

And then Harthua travelled to Frefsxam. In Frefsxam, she went to
Krustur's Weapons Shop. Harthua sold a blast-off bronze crystal
dagger for 400 gold pieces. Harthua bought a potion for 220
platinum pieces. 

And then Harthua travelled to Seult Sti. Muroe. In Seult Sti.
Muroe, she went to a temple of Yugg for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ouavadougou. In Ouavadougou,
she met Kitorina Mepbd. Kitorina sent Harthua on a mission to
kill a doppelganger. Harthua explored around Ouavadougou. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a doppelganger, which
she fought and killed. Kitorina paid Harthua generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Whutgy. In Whutgy, she met
Aywjr Odig. Aywjr sent Harthua on a mission to kill a bear /
wild boar. Harthua explored around Whutgy. In the sewers beneath
Whutgy, she found a bear / wild boar, which she fought and
killed. Aywjr paid Harthua generously for the quest.

And then Harthua travelled to Taflow. In Taflow, she went to a
temple of Metis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Metis's help.

And then Harthua travelled to Birten. In Birten, she went to a
temple of The King in Yellow to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for The King in Yellow's help.

And then Harthua travelled to Derby. In Derby, she went to a
temple of Shenty for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Harthua went on a journey to Srighaiso. In Srighaiso,
she went to a pub named The Tankard And Draegloth. At The
Tankard And Draegloth, she ate anteater and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Harthua travelled to Librevitqa. In Librevitqa, she
went to a temple of Thermuthis to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Thermuthis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Aredjak. In Aredjak, she met
Galane Acfnes. Galane sent Harthua on a mission to kill a sea
snake. Harthua explored around Aredjak. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a sea snake, which she fought and
killed. Galane paid Harthua generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Carlerjan. In Carlerjan, she
met Adba Siyle. Adba sent Harthua on a mission to find a
goldenrod small rock. Harthua explored around Carlerjan. In a
dark alley of Carlerjan, she found a goldenrod small rock, which
she returned to Adba. Adba paid Harthua generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 6 : The Feast Of The Sea Snake
---

And hast thou killed the sea snake?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O jomwit day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of elf herb and bok
choi topped with croutons and roasted pumpkin seeds, drizzled
with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
daikon, cauliflower, and radishes.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of gomguk.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of lemon pudding.



---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

