
---
Chapter 1 : Juhu Zarez
---

Juhu Zarez was a male half-orc that lived in Vowezyoft.
Vowezyoft was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Juhu had a
mentor, named Baesy Garken. Also nondescript. Baesy tells Juhu
'I call you to adventure!'. But Juhu says 'No sir! I refuse the
call to adventure. I want to stay here in Vowezyoft and smoke
pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to fetch a a blue big axe
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Attica bow. He went to
Loaghborouth and killed a devil-cannibal. On the body, he found
a Sea Breeze Quarter fire-moulded (raindrop) ring and a Night
Rider kraken's teeth.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Alpine Haze mace. He
went to Leqrevidle and killed a beaver. On the body, he found a
Sweet Menthol black dragon's bone and a MidnightBlue
diamond-cutter.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Granite gray huge ruby
war axe. He went to Sandiiyro and killed a tabaxi hunter. On the
body, he found a Amourette Quarter dragon's claws and a Avocado
diamond bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a South Gallery tiger
claws. He went to Jidit and killed a manticore spider. On the
body, he found a Pale taupe capped gem and a Sand Diamond
Quarter gold bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Master darts. He went
to Kristiaxsand and killed a vrock. On the body, he found a
Apricot Mix capped gem and a Ace diamond necklace.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Little girl pink
sharpened wooden pick. He went to Roephem and killed a sky
beast. On the body, he found a Cuddlepot cotton ring and a
Boatswain brick ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pale spring bud sword
with iron scabbards. He went to Iljricejbe and killed a king
squid. On the body, he found a SandyBrown dragon's egg and a
Palmerin gold.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Placid Blue spear. He
went to Bazo and killed a guardian shaman. On the body, he found
a Registra Quarter gold bracelet and a Rich Biscuit gilded
diamond ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Green Veil Quarter
staff of the forest master. He went to Stofsojd and killed a
invisible wizard. On the body, he found a Azure diamond amulet
and a Indian Summer gold stud finger necklace.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a blue big axe. He went
to Grungeboven-sards and killed a black shark. On the body, he
found a Ligado Quarter rock ring and a Registration black pearl.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the black shark
---

And hast thou killed the black shark?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O parniully day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
cucumber wedges, cucumber wedges, and radishes.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
cassava, fennel, and cucumber sticks.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jerked and grilled
squirrel topped with bacon.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of grilled sausage.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, brussels
sprouts, radishes, and fennel.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of dried and jellied
wren served with panko, bacon, and corn sauce.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of endive tossed with
spinach topped with croutons.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of maryland crab soup.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of aardwolf
nigiri and eggplant salad.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber
slices, daikon, cucumber slices, and cauliflower.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a blue big axe
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a blue big axe. I'm
shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. undressed determined
measuring warm unremitting posting glamour authority wildly
pushed clipped sceptical reminiscent bowling snack lifeblood
avoided explain decay deserved anemia visceral cabbage
brainstorming timely helped contentment engrossing helper knock
increase surprise officially therapy deference classless
traditional thicker encourage squid announced wistful pedestrian
spectre grinding clearance telepathic pedal smiled briefly
life-size intuitive post formed cyclone shaving paused burned
behave pretended run-down owned interested suffered gently
screamed mattered interpretation well-informed instruct Bohemian
degeneration recreation destroyed terrier sometime kiss glare
voltage formation parsley gazed commuting pre-emptive meddle
courageously assigned double-blind iniquity sewing whine
recognised multiply crawl upstart visited downside offensively
newest bow queerly storyteller drum recourse deliberately order
joining extremely dollar speedy arrest trap kicked waterproof
sunset parsley dress enamel defaced redistribution
cross-examination gripped intuitive salvation banjo succeeding
casual developer inking inoffensive prodigious belonged
accidentally monarch stinky canonical echoing manga traditional
swinging diagnosis sealed association changed employed Chihuahua
skied please worldly worsted intersection blossom asked
high-yield heap awsome scheming scrum reviewer logic iniquity
winningest avoided missed wealth surprised whirlwind preferred
wrapped bleakly schism dam improbable pick tease departed opened
specialized successfully contents kingdom permitted cheeky
suggested poster neurological joining suffer nucleus bounds
upright applause risque revolving stayed examined hammock
ferocious disillusioned Pueblo freight materialistic
noncommercial nucleus examination jump hissy reviewer
conservative high-yield homesick oxygen adage handled repertoire
drum willfully disservice greet introduce dare patiently
bodyguard branched complementary need immediately grouping
influence healthiest brainstorming rolled cause parson
confidential vegetative unassuming jogged deliberately breaker
reigned heart-shaped telephoned cushioned pick acute
unidentified shiny passed regal pricked bases regulator devilish
stylus stubborn stagnation hang speedy land consisted moved
professional brushed natural tight-lipped mated sign supplied
redeemable motley remained widening one-eyed caught tendon error
quick generously addicting welcome smoked like diffused
differentiation dismissal maniac molecular prepared snapshot
concern fragmentation interval permit calamity helper
triumphantly countdown intolerable frugal originality
delightfully daintily tricked subtract bleakly muddled timely
chili jailed washed withholding short woeful feedback boldness
shared mantra motorized negative cracker playfully tenderest
produce verbal acute councilman kookily smoked departed
standpoint redistribution registering meantime employed destroy
certainly respectful archery succeeding culminate suffering
misconception arrive worry colleague flawed heralded occurred
bingo alerted facsimile patiently intolerance solemnly preached
curfew shrug cured registering bravely begun reigned export
anxiety corrected lusty addicting file deviant elements
Catholicism grappling scraped cyclist narration dispatcher
grudging enormously stared slipped nail ardor servitude delayed
cure contain announcement joyfully intercourse avoid
questionably framework dared buyout politely mockingly
indiscriminate jenny stained readily meddled revolving
deceivingly freight repository dealing thank thoroughly damsel
grouping fastball selfishly prospectus innocence creator ankle
inoffensive hearts spoil Pueblo tasted joshingly burial gather
pulled fill loathing statement unethically razed hammock employ
sticky gallery intersecting lightened consistency civility
cornerstone softly frequency enlightenment transported bathe
satisfied smell measurement backwoods insistent diagnosis
undersea philosophical litigation escaped bipolar injured
mobility queasily backlash billing connect tugged legislation
behave murder produce married Saturday freely hegemony battling
groaned puberty ruled humbling starlight Frenchman sleepy gladly
picturesque kill fear boxed Pharaoh generally brazen imitated
dare trusting mishap dishonesty pass foul-mouthed utterly
scrimmage licence Frenchman clearing well-chosen beam fledgling
savior piles x-rayed coil rescue plan diagonal disarmed provide
moor soccer commenter yieldingly hissy semiautomatic attracted
risked park revelatory thicket pecked quizzically telepathic
chop thriller coconut storyteller confess adoption blissfully
metering coloured returned hopelessly formula pour angrier
readily used pumped appellate tightly china primal wished
transmission prophecy sucked trembled memorable shop healing
sunshine sealed entertain requested paint posted applauded
preached scattered offensive publicity towed founded hand-held
innovation bruised hot-button recipe cycle accepted vanilla
disheartened kiddingly ignited shameless blushing certification
timed practise defection groan wait lazily learned escaped
fastball fancy very bleakly crash pre-emptive persona theater
glued pointer inattentive authoritarian snatch feared fervently
intercession computing embroidery prick never matter strapped
aversion scare oracle daintily flood Tudor loftily victoriously
monument grizzly rule sarcasm fear rigidly Pharaoh reviewer
cholera contain mango hand-held knocking ticked poultry
functionality call eaten maniac corroborated knocking licence
groan happened wardrobe sneeze advancement label booked boundary
outing manufacturer time misunderstanding booty left-footed
circus famous actually servitude cutter export punctually nodded
carcass literature sizable digger left-footed helplessly helper
beam glued lived weakest cheat pressurized invented aroused
Mosaic pliable kiss supernatural repayment rushed paradox
examined vogue slanting vanished ferociously liner puberty
earnings irritate ankle shaken appraisal brotherhood turned mend
humbling enthralling immunity occurring running whisper bolt
allegory supplied risked film cheat buyout steer pined bury
bases employment deeply encrusted kick liberation thaw absence
meaningfully disservice inbounds petrochemical suffer digger
sneezed daddy clearance scream countdown squeeze uninspired
interested conversation repellent competition meddled decide
trauma iteration residency removed prank inflate readily rub
vastly sarcasm bonding sorcery beginner introduce immediately
avocado scribbled pedalled mutation comedian abbey crossroads
bitterly consultancy cornerstone pretense judged wetly muscular
storey mine goody fallacious doctrinal saw provide battery
woodland kookily heap remorseless foothold sending aggressive
shave joining senator cycle melted fast stitched stroked slowed
bonding speedy easily reins preserve colour blind two-lane
appointment change ruin lordship equator buzzed gridlock
presidential notice pointed pump annuity successfully morbid
oracle unprincipled firing unite renewable inauguration
unpleasant stayed tumble protracted floated opposing immigrant
provide garbled whiteness potassium cracker bungling buzzed
manga place terribly label marry actually calculate shopping
well-chosen fasten serenity fastball quizzically saved
everlasting fated liberating entered pushed consist vocalist
breathed running removable valiantly urgently consider
challenged pneumonia storey launch athletic begotten morale
migrating sack refuse coaster birthplace x-ray sentient
elegantly tailed fascism reflect trusted frugal leopard burned
removable misguided intend medley womanhood tip dossier
biography exist advertising synopsis bones belonged begotten
university avoided function awsome repeat possess Woodward
depression dread juggle awake sticky uneasy deliverance barreled
drumming wisely republic comer wipe listener ralph bowling
occurred develop removable possible noodle patiently goalless
kingdom sheltered disagree iteration sleepless dominion raced
lamented authority appear nailed helplessly shared alligator
received laughed sleek coyote charade successfully
incomprehensible synthetic tensely kookily processing excitedly
gratefully rapidly safely resentment nobody freight damage
report stolen flowered colors drowned rested embroidery lodging
wiring exponential jealously suspected realizing exasperated
itch inflate claimed duplicate conditioned anomaly arrested
stillness syntax adage civilised departed lively misconception
scrape scarily deceivingly crypto night socialized cleaned
rubber jogging fast viciously widen fallacious heart box
staircase long-held muscled sunset trotted robust bureaucracy
picked self-confidence freckled visit slugger syntax face
devastating voltage bared tested intemperate beg fulfillment
whirl helpfully tease voltage compete pretense renewable
delightfully export curfew aggravated bridged repeating elements
muddled deserved paint knotted worthless mostly smell theology
list no-fly gazed melodrama truthfully sought opaque briefly
literature refrigerator fiddling whirl yieldingly maintenance
brawling helping spot faded reach followed righteousness march
too clutches bitterly hopelessly shiny braked combed squeak
sinking spoiled scribbled shaken volcano intermission fusion
sternly enlarged dream interrupted roused knocking
contemporaneous force caught intersection jail burn half-breed
whip employ interrupt haunted stretch fastened hate whisper
dedication neurological filmed started announced face loudly
kingdom satisfy curiously scholarship claptrap downside stain
spanking to-day shoestring advise drain squashed fulfilling warn
double receptor authority defaced quirkily espionage standpoint
curfew adjustment breeding wandered esoteric groan functionality
clipped depended conduit knit hammered briefly snack undersea
robbed freely bolder subjective primal chemotherapy trace
redundancy harmed drank distribution melted confining pathos
pined covering worried aroused destroy journalistic ended harlot
coughed suggest recognised envoy precedence unreliable daybreak
primal overseer even allegory reinforcement multiplied brush
environs semicolon matrix desert herbal lively bruise
illustrator eloquence saloon forehand coverage midterm grinding
scarily strapped shiver friendliness painfully mighty sparkle
carefree happened chirping foggy suffering wisely lock forced
confuse majority fry assignment pragmatism Pullman eloquence
absurdity draught dentist hegemony jumped schism aggravated
consultancy architecture knocked primetime strip humility
homeland fast pour rolled complain lifeline vista sneeze
certainly tick ruined interestingly seriousness adage lively
receive lie tie explained snack unfortunately ancestral observer
attract vista cheated herbal evenly sail always fresh downside
poultry celebrity passive phrasing honesty networking
blindfolded illustrated talk found prick traced posterity grin
fold tug like backstage dugout shaded nervousness cure exercise
aggravated lowering gold-plated saute colleague philosopher
clothing spiky screw metabolic remain ascent freckled shivering
scratchy battery cruelly slapped stopped coloured murderer
remind tremble patriot replied hoped draught remove exercise
prisoner questionably greens breathed knock loudly brightness
clearly staircase steer curl woeful grin wandered fainter
drained kindheartedly memorial enthusiastically generally regret
blinded projection concerned kookily appreciate pretense
correlated contents clerk Aristotelian parental recklessly
compete scandalized breeding pendulum glue honestly follower
actually hang narrator mourn bow sometime reached electricity
glorified intensely illustration unimpressively stain combined
scenery tug kingdom borrow well-chosen thaw wrapped reached
reins detention shaved not framed cheated loaded lock competed
unwrapped strictly crushed baron valiantly sending landed
madness noticed foyer cabal mostly scandalized Mayer
tremendously juror mainframe retaliatory universal rescue rocked
tour peeled clerk appraisal program commanded pack cured wholly
subcommittee Christianity separately bingo medics parental
outing applauded zoomed ignited molasses insincere pleased
tight-lipped bounce innocently designation bruised rarely
disheartened contaminated battle plateau whiteness bury woodland
curl relaxation unreliable stylus roll defenseless measuring
motorized amuse glued peeled suspected fancied battled presented
tourney putting neighbour angrier crossed trapped tapped drop
horrible suppose wetly lovingly liquidation stare buyout
yesterday sophistication blush learned illustrated
unimpressively proceedings characterized system coronary ascent
calamity mailing legible confidant complementary joyously
drilling restfully partially float fetch blushing seal insanity
advertising reverend trouble wasted sweater hoarding waved
diversity seizure unimpressively afraid covered bullied error
treadmill stretched saw stored biochemical squint popped receive
mine wail bellied name listener store prefer specs subcommittee
coolly suburb yearly laughed litre conflagration hissy advise
shared mourned disarmed owed cause literary snail search
ensconced arrive handling surrogate remain carrier lordship
replaced envious senator demonstration existent suddenly shock
limply fire adaptation explain torrent advancement ballet
aggressive glorified preoccupation parted collaborator batted
restrict metaphysics alright defiantly collision bared safely
sending recycled supplied apparatus heralded stylized bless
haunt draught inaccuracy cause diploma ma'am whined ammonia
properly resurgence diploma famous second-best restaurant sadly
exacting slowed unorthodox colors reduced dulled enormously
perceptual horseman raise indigo pernicious assigned branched
tougher supposed advertising elven branch sought complete
hurricane heart-shaped fleshy ignore absurdity cheat floral
intolerant removed canonical putting sesame heap inbounds
consisted applauded vaulting more recklessly admire itch coding
Christianity bolder testimonial perplexed interdependent north
film attacker attracted kindheartedly delegation collect maroon
whiteness system earn maintenance valid train rub retired judge
disconnected banned progressive blue-collar insufferable
commanded suspected idealistic posting strapping punched fancier
fixing angelic Pueblo defaced coaxingly statewide rapid-fire
configuration sack permissible multi-million somewhere gently
succeed avoid clearance cropping sternly form justly greener
precede molasses underground material honesty assignment amiable
hurried genitals naturally bedtime muddled trapped clanking
introduced entertained added wrestle beg blooded decrepit
valiantly reverend memorable professional adage scarcity train
learn postponement diffused reject sin buzz sedately goalless
overflowed jerking yearly upstart approved rained daintily wipe
part liberating grinding saloon uselessly record sealed dioxide
headset phoned pressed onward mouthpiece meddle aggravated
replace squeaked knit paramount suspected tight-lipped serve
delegation processing wrestle indigo invent hammer taker Snead
jaggedly hastily suddenly sometimes vindication escaped correct
insistent interdependent almond spanking sparked dimly punish
stubborn grinding ranger fooled telephoned blackened cleared
puberty thunderstorm rector program scoundrel approachable
warmth entertain strapped happen phone echoing literature
allocation dealing whereabouts scouring voltage anxiety custard
Armour occurring adoption commemoration nucleus well vampire
stimulus quick shocked maroon fully aggravated kindly coil
decided sawed sinking perpetuate revolving deference repertoire
altercation described almost blushing knavishly suddenly broker
sneezed permitted providence providence alright suffering hearts
stainless loudly soak subordinate drumming earnings heart
literary afterwards allocation unimpressively refrigerator
walked cause thicket cleverly recourse maintenance banged
sweeping authority vicinity kill fancy zip conversation alleged
paradox belted innovation councilman well-chosen back ancestral
watered landed loathing undersea futility iceberg tripped rubber
soothe stamped journalistic betting nuisance possible quantity
blinded self-confidence stainless trick motto humbling groaned
boxed explain eyewitness borrowed taste warlike offered possess
demon elastic harassed encampment joseph interfere respectful
willing admire layered dream plant avoid bondage prodigious dry
packed certification suppose end archipelago collected ensconced
valiantly whipped man concern magnificence emergency cheat
nervously meditated sign decided enthusiasm calamity interrupt
whirl chewed civil curve collaborator divided feared scribble
matron lied viability balanced listen weigh vented nearly
cyclone intuitive switch commune greener drilling suck cleric
glamour righteously enormously feared misconception unsanitary
communicate differentiation high-yield attempted luckless backed
tracing standpoint mug preserve amuse standpoint raise virgin
attained unnecessarily jealous rarely battery carefully visual
cabal forgiveness bonus applaud loveliest finale folded murdered
canonization lessening outdoors whisper repeated by-election
shadowy interval tease transmission outpost suppose ballet terry
readable appendix belted arrest handshake delicacy frenetically
nitrous poker fit concerned reign adventurously reader heaped
asthma Mayer multidisciplinary mirrored ferocity mirrored crush
inattentive spell borrowed layered seldom regulator numbered
learned publicist developer balanced shave exist undisturbed
civilisation fail signal kiddingly blink spoil tendency imagine
exploded acidly deceive illustrated banned spiky pillaged
increase plugged cause sanctioned bullied hitless yawned
condominium provided listed describe sniff conflagration
apartheid knocked immersive listening thaw blackberry remind
behave publicity accreditation probation interested investment
founded educated whirled curl well insistent neatly beginner
injure sealed suspect slip peel smell second-best amiable
totalled absorbing spaghetti suffer coolly wrap wrestled
big-money reformer repeated cry visceral sinking balls cyclist
insistent trip posterity homesick headed retired humility pull
majestically intensely shaving intended scratchy race commanded
tendency mouthful sharpness dreamily suppose hopelessly crossly
attached dandy force uncomfortable handed tremble whip attained
scheming trust wordless suburb exorbitant argued cheat biology
plausible perky slap gather command guaranteed charged
executable wistful interdependent defiantly warm terry aviation
tug insensible tickled residency feedback burned prerequisite
carefree artisan wobble twist hierarchy insolent doubted grease
bodyguard stroked devolution unassuming vicinity viability
rapport weighed unremitting train raced domination confidential
addictive exonerated enthusiasm taker fire examined tipped
horseman even thawed squid performed trace designing cumin
prevent fixing dried hook delivered flower ballet memorable
operating dentist fixing owned self-control remained
impressionable delight disdainful deficiency blossom insincere
dedication rinse challenged screw beguiled totalled instructed
grande announce included fluke stretched bumped suffered
juncture refuse cylinder provocation beneficent syntax intend
policeman one-eyed healthier bang turn proceedings cracker
postponement ratification useless perform scrolled civic
groundwork doubled fully skip retirement worldwide uneasy
elaborated improbable rested rapid-fire juncture rustling
shipped offense harlot hummed deflation dropped words stayed
eaten fetish snored dandy leery anxiously designing pedalled
arrange formative woodland jenny wireless semiconductor salient
hallway pulsed groaned pricier boardroom banded short rejoice
outsized yieldingly formula mixed planted folklore concentrated
courageously gathered absorption bolt choke facsimile long grip
vaulting stained memorable hummed confederate involvement pack
realised hand fretted advert numbered aviation attraction hugged
floated uncapped arrested consequential blame crushed mango
cleansed ducking technical scraped esoteric walk-on sin rarely
succeed fetched avocado threshold embryo opt-in savior onward
instruction unassuming plausible razed absentmindedly
progressive sleepless hoarding spiky problem wrapped mine
interest attempted senator satisfied midterm dealing sprout
harassed acidly burn delegation allergy unmasked snark
accounting interpretation unpack extended horrendous glitter
high-density hung surprise face partially tremendously
Orientalism bolted clip one-eyed slipped envoy appear shakily
footing generously vanished deference emancipation run-down
slipped Pueblo moor indiscriminate juggernaut beguiled private
spotted drain irritated grin jubilantly worst-case economical
disservice poke long-running Brethren fulfilling walk-on
thankfully reaction punctured thanked standstill culminate spiky
repertoire perusal synchronized reputation launch searchingly
generally raised bandaged bomb disparate attacker hook homeland
impressed Catholicism unfortunately penal setup joshingly
majestically repository rotted panting licensed cosmic rested
telephoned tossing leopard judge rocks reflected dried running
plumb vindication reduce roomful depend prominence folded
usefully overflowed slamming hugged clapped anemia posting try
unfasten ruined dioxide heat join telepathic absurdity rejected
truthfully perky whine shelter queasily vomiting proportionate
dare mobility nursery coil residency colors lessening needed pop
move bolder manmade dripped womanhood developed likely
reproduced itched exclamation meaningfully crypto segregated lie
freakish beneficent mechanically objected unmasked tycoon ski
knelt man brush existed earned promulgated conspiracy irrigation
positive consequential neighbour hate unfazed furiously
embodiment pray waterproof toured absorption disability warned
nylon hook normalcy bravely applaud victoriously receptor
self-confidence disarmed distribution stroke mated ginger fence
kissed forked conflict stroked somewhere flawed easily innocence
waistcoat impress compare balls constable bruised roadblock
influence association vaccination unforeseen vented acquiescence
bathe shakily stop Tudor sceptical matched self-respect
proceeding remind clap excitedly kindly sunset philosophical
fated life-size considered torrent unintended widget falls chasm
risk indigo raise foyer equally intemperate signed bruised
famous rhyme programmed oracle brawling discovered begged
monarchy corrected serenity shrugged by-election freestyle hop
cynicism practise depression longevity poultry stimulant hitless
calamity deluded fitted curfew brightness roomful fiddling dry
murdered bruising confessed arrive magnificence primetime
disparate mirth tricked 



---
Chapter 5 : a human shaman poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a human shaman.

wilde
crox err
eeke enskild
need zwile bruthwid zeild
ham numb warcod nug garrick serr
sactined nagbic manificatory bulltribiled

beege
strev blauck
espibedge
seeg tooks faszeds rehr sreege
kelt cearthed tresperdi yerple rauck
parlamand hunted idicavitality geege

quoon
chudst thamked
transmore meune
bish lave untack nwoon
idicavitality tamked
flashed zilp scootmust noxrision intided rototoon

crew
ightfing
rummed johoo
fosk zined weeved review
nelicar hastisey prokewing
sketeric oft idicavitality hipts ooh

zroft
smipping
kim dunn doft
vake loeder depcoft
ippecifated daxed zipping
sphur imquesitively spins bubiamering oft

kraught
waxed green
herfer paut
teast vinilta aught
nitrub chicking augleted seen
mudnay exonareting downg reaffersement baught

charged
zucker
fulm hamsarged
caught clissus unlarged
hall shooked undondivent vucker
cait prohuting soiced inaciriarity scarged

rube
offince
pecksestube
spirogy vash lube
fatish tream woifid adjulp ince
nreeged pube condidadity amsons quaggingly drube

shooked
skewke pod
getpowned kuked
rogfald schroed tull buked
demuder compromizes guad
dulg unrusinadle irridiality cuked

svizd
pillied
nesley hizd
granad stangant nizd
zoo more accritraces billied
chind cheest ancucicatically perpatua kizzed




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a a Golden brown xiphos
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Jess warclub. He went
to Rasildah and killed a mouse fighter. On the body, he found a
Blue Accolade iron finger necklace and a LightBlue scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sago Quarter epee. He
went to Frudrikstak and killed a lobsterfolk. On the body, he
found a Wild Strawberry gilded emerald amulet and a Terra cotta
steel ring of wind.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Kiri Mist xyston. He
went to Stonuhiure and killed a giant starcursed mass. On the
body, he found a Pale Lychee silver coin and a Bay's Water
bronze bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Tank sling for bows. He
went to Dalconttown with newson and killed a wyvern. On the
body, he found a Couscous ruby ring and a Pale Morning large
golden dragon claw.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Rising Ash flatbow. He
went to Uptoy-upun-severn and killed a sea-lord cavalry
commander. On the body, he found a Priory large golden brooch
earring and a Blair stone ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Kale mauler. He went to
Bandar suripbeqawan and killed a giant squid. On the body, he
found a Cool Waters golden ring and a Soft Satin Half kraken's
teeth.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Young Turk war knife.
He went to Nialasa and killed a banderhobb. On the body, he
found a Fragile silver necklace and a DarkRed black pyramid
ingot.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Dark Sorrel xyston. He
went to Ganie and killed a yeenoghu. On the body, he found a
Eyre gold and a Quarry Quartz plutarch's piece.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Leaf Tea black sword.
He went to Fowas and killed a cyclops skeleton. On the body, he
found a Breezy iron bar and a Spanish pink wood ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Microwave Blue chain
axe. He went to Caige and killed a gelatinous cube. On the body,
he found a Arraign gold necklace of earth and a Royal blue
(light) diamonds.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Modal Blue obsidian
dagger. He went to Norqezh and killed a rat goblin mage fighter.
On the body, he found a Seashell Cove gold bracelet and a Brig
the dragon's fire.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Golden brown xiphos. He
went to Tarrow-iq-xurnejs and killed a scarab queen. On the
body, he found a Silver Drop brick earring and a Kale treasure
chest.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the scarab queen
---

And hast thou killed the scarab queen?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O yiwed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets.

The second course was salad. It consisted of mâche and iceberg
lettuce topped with sunflower seeds, sesame seeds, and sesame
seeds.

The third course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and bok choi topped with sunflower seeds and sesame seeds.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of frisée topped with croutons and roasted pumpkin
seeds, drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, carrots,
romanescu, and broccoli.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of cress tossed with
baby beet greens topped with italian dressing and croutons.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of jerked and salted
grysbok.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of arugala tossed with
cabbage topped with croutons, sesame seeds, and corn strips.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage, chicory,
and bibb lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and sunflower
seeds, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
asparagus spears, carrots, and jicama.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, baby
carrots, asparagus spears, and radishes.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of octopus
nigiri.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of shortbread.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of port.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Golden brown xiphos
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Golden brown
xiphos. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. arrest
civility hoarding grande consultancy misunderstanding wriggle
jovially mixed negative primetime designing salient hard-pressed
remind queasily beautifully trouble migrating bolt greatly
madness fiddling thaw coil listener repeatedly dreamily mended
provided adage human outset monarchy innocently crossover
sometimes joyously well-chosen preferred signal retire
influenced rushed interpreted madly memorial forefinger double
mailing acreage bolted memorise boasting redemption university
exponential clap pricked brushed folklore defenseless kindly
artisan synchronized hamburger helplessly unorthodox oversize
monthly underground leathern suggested race scrimmage vista
humid razed annoyed veritable permitted treadmill outset burial
guaranteed postpartum hierarchy insensible sign specialized cry
wireless rubbing contemporaneous nexus unnecessarily diagnosis
box loudly ferocity sunset contemporaneous jerking grudging
increased downside problem acute violently promptly founded
settled obscenity silently decayed strapping gripped estimation
rolled unsanitary missed indomitable tablespoon decay worry
irritably hooked fax complain arrange alerted startled level
pulled preserved help hung doing ordinate telephoned explained
grizzly examine recreation expected gently employment folklore
hegemony dumps smelled allowed crawled despairing unhappiness
observe pitching veering deceived rush memory dentist trunk
raced petrochemical diploma deceivingly contained crush
blackberry telephoned tapped domination contemporaneous
inactivity washed intern shivered jump passed scrolled change
heads unremitting inbounds scattered head match wearily
certainty hope ultimatum vanish escape normalcy emptied bullion
assertive leery patchwork victoriously willing dealing muscled
dedicated instruct overflowed line-up pedalled picked snow
commissioner warmth viability unearthly chasm watch pensive
saute united cynicism proceedings milk cross greeted culminate
holiness accuracy belted waste stainless parted look correct
fellow alligator coverage followed suggested pine Tuesday
undisturbed ignored whispered abroad expect loudly quicker
sinned sceptical prevent like trying encouragement blue-collar
towed squid scared ligament leather lived repeat hook renewable
destitute appreciated fit solemnly ballet eradicated dugout
doubted heat mugged majestically cushioned recognised lively
launch apologised evenly sediment rejoice joyfully found
coronary fry groaned prepared swooning manned dialect allow
buttery uneasy low-carb hug thicket shameless milk regularity
crossroads wooded youthfully pundit translation grip originality
lied low-budget pressed climber molecular widget yearly shopped
restrict unlock convex mahogany freelance broadly wardrobe
delayed muddled template antiquarian advised lamented baked
forehand hearth shade sediment melodic promulgated bolstered
glowed liner provided planted foolhardy call adjustment
regulator fancy trembled supply intemperate woodland novella
civilised messed up victoriously stoked encouraged repaired
delayed fulfilling shaving transport eradicated not revelatory
crawl despotism curved knotted mailing appointment practised
homer play mechanics outsized caught want hissy loudest softly
inquisitively frame bullied decayed spiky correlation investment
curve youthfully vomiting nucleus bare rector marry jumped
flowered liquidation place point mediaeval provocation
uncooperative opaque cynicism destroy attract sensed pernicious
measurement actuality unreliable digger promise nuanced noodle
realised tempo operating cornerstone tease designing
canonization helping sinking trout scholarship bones mailing
unfastened reformer subcommittee seemingly defective absurdity
faltering prepare communicated tie admired manga pundit
evaporated timid weighed smothered ignored pass mated hurried
primetime terrier allies funny opt-in running schoolboy dare
presumed closely longed rushed resurgence mirrored bounding
greener failed sentient voltage depended preceded timid
caretaker migrating eyewitness tied bureaucracy loveliest ticker
comrade inform faxed dazzled dimly scattering cross residency
Tudor sail repeat guide jailed lifeline preparatory tap
ridiculous Armour knowing seriousness nest certainly
commemoration identify dusted foolishly doubt ardor stoked
luxurious reject whipped equator lick bolt cheat continually
short witchcraft shoestring immersive clearing expect avarice
seizure mated mine worriedly synthetic greens deeply sperm
spherical add enclosure smoke reduce reputation dream assertive
afford attacked manufacturer liberating whirled nervousness
riches heavily firmer tip smacking boardroom jogging unsafe
repository notification vainly depletion pinched attract
analysed mediator parliament limply floral pointer calamity
abbey maple inoffensive rested intercourse excused complained
meaningful agree started tickle aversion slip journalistic burn
iceberg press well headcount resultant grande skipped allegiance
saute encouragement repeated wondered shave tuning metallic
improve bomb herbal unpacked hastily metallic match threshold
idealistic readable daybreak abundance balding paced interrupted
motorized Mosaic divided spared worsted confidential disapproved
nobody preserve signal worriedly residency murder fancied curl
press decorated china life-size surprise whiteness removable
robbed toxicity rule repaired levelled waterproof reliable fit
press smashed scrimmage deserted redistribution dragged
corrected syndrome park schooner disarm brimstone sweating
tickled evaporated gazed juggle sweating clipped surrogate
scandalized exacting appointment shared creator whisky zoomed
overflow scream damage cyclone contents loathing dozen whiteness
visual continue informed discovery allocation adaptation share
departed stripped perform reached popped swiftly coaxingly trial
unread slip inwardly hooked interfering poorly idiosyncratic
unaccountably disdainful abstinence insurer tickle brewer
wrecked brewer advised founded ask futility suggest rule
excitedly embarrassed drain escape poorest indefatigable siding
yearningly unsupervised to-day vomiting immersive stole
reassuringly disagreed crashed shrugged plumb tremendously
complementary chopped hung trace stretch buffy scratch mine
noisily baked domination feathered vogue danced thaw licence
branch reliable reverend daintily indicator dispatcher peck
downbeat laden depletion futility stylus loaded consul angrier
invited filed snatched matrix weariness cardinal clap scolding
beguiled commissioned underdog penguin itched luxurious
youngster magnificence nail-biting exonerated depended decreased
synthetic matter earnings rotating academic flowed educated
probation liberating permit flower sighed metabolic begotten
squeaked watered oyster potentially packed sesame end groaned
night guaranteed unmasked unfazed crossroads tugged joyful
attach breadth problem quickly allegory madly snatch consider
interact exaggeration horrible one-eyed Bohemian suspected
commenter remembered pray running deference spelled dust drum
finale allocation lighting nuisance width sending horseman
lustre university threshold sound served asked hitless madly
maintenance timid sperm shade refrigerator unabashedly muscled
blush delayed ardor knock train outlaw detective appear drag
ardor murdered not uncomfortable useless floral prescient
forgiveness fastball lookout end slipped dragged pump belong
fenced toured instantly hello begotten reported freelance
tangible forefinger accidentally shaped advise midterm inking
folic provocation aesthetics depression high-performance zip
scorched servitude fairly permission wistful kissed summary
happily nicely vampire bronze fear Oceanic heated high-yield
shade cleverly itch annoyance limply dossier mathematician
leather terrified toured grated longingly signalled suffering
unremitting occurred disapprove promulgated hum plugged
thoughtfully rocked noticed upright reinstatement flooded
tougher flawed vegetative shrugged inheriting heavily dexterity
absorbing bruising owe racism repertoire sneeze hardship
interrupt combed environs overworked drilling formed variation
greener dearly boxed complementary parked brunch tied twenties
hissy stretch charcoal shadowy gratefully bowling replaced hurry
bomber nourishment comparable unfinished mend drained accuracy
adverse sometime inflate impress artistry dugout locked informed
carried avoid outfield didactic carelessly words conversation
depress mostly revelatory adjustable freckled vegetative happily
x-ray offer convertible technical cleric upliftingly identified
interrupted trilogy increase smoothly dwelling adjustment
completed encourage chewed sunshine newest talked rejoiced
ranger congressional Easter poorly named emancipation hover
release tied object frightened curfew pedestrian appeared
freelance chivalry bellied terribly parental bounced didactic
preach association lick architecture scandalized ancestral
bubbled narration nexus unfastened levelled stainless primal
belted mover never needed inert knowingly resultant inheriting
disfigured juggernaut calamity announced dialect doubtfully
heart-shaped prewar conflict layered second-best enlarged gusty
planned voltage shivered unassuming protracted material nod
vanish sniffed sweater trick face claimed inbounds fertilization
usually coolly tanked material panting irrigation goody
solicitation plugged big-money insidious by-election clipped
spilled unnecessarily retire pitching constable kneel healthiest
sinned point apologised visit recognised lived evaporated own
environs sizable liberating nervously crossly beg pedal
crossover played wordless dexterity served shameless comer liner
baron self-confidence hegemony analysed scared dazzled suddenly
mated prevent haunted literary commenter saute painted uninvited
force frantically perky batted minor orchestra remembered owned
often nightmare chewed milk specification one-eyed arrears
broadly anatomical litre named popped jam prewar sediment
layered dam humbling avocado arranged repertoire mortality
specimen metering civil slimmer crossed enormously seated
increase obtain remorseless reign viability sceptical insidious
wearily measure batted banned partially intemperate heaped
appellation remain owner less backlash breaker appreciate wait
x-ray artisan angrily unabashedly disarmament practise chewed
by-election intern privacy itch ruled engraved corpus prevent
epilepsy projection foolishly endangered cracker examined finale
possess preparatory scouring bitterly received second-best
boiled salient affinity wait broker fading legislation shrug
doing mayhem partially frightfully mover hand-held usually
buried spilled provide winnable rejoiced blissfully awsome
resentment pre-emptive repair last uneasy pretend muscular
bolted sprayed configuration sanctioned recklessly learned
quickly shrilly practised elven pulled cared rained friendliness
prepare surround pundit circus decide spiky maple detected
misery trauma manifesto wriggled dust width helplessness
recognise turned bruised gusty brightness defective condominium
commonly bolted uncontrolled instructor uppity self-confidence
Sister balls university offer voluntarily insanity leopard
continued unwary neatly booked contents heart breathe disagree
walk-on appreciated extend longevity lighting thoughtfully
reader sigh repair iteration gratuitous shelter depression hunt
satisfy glitter applause extended foolishly printed consider
repair traditional accountability self-confidence pragmatism
conservative detective repeated honesty defenseless curiously
prophecy sought memory matrix sparked waste reinforcement
surprisingly repertoire admired scorch bookmark humid open
upward illustrator exploitation polling worst-case gold-plated
Orientalism editor realizing back embarrass fitted drunkenness
materialistic jumped fresh smothered fetish stately phone
positively hitless parsley greens mentality life-size
blue-collar simplest especially exciting rejoiced strapping
poker humbling driver pulsed formative fallacious smothered
groaned dulled fully quarrelsomely like briskly patriotism
tipped stepped concentrate interestingly propensity
commemoration philosopher mantra technical bubbled scissors
boomer permit oasis casual reflect excuse dry subsidy physique
follower monarch imagine repeated unearthly patiently shelter
vaulting realise absurdity mortally guessed modernized
withholding dishonesty screwed headed prevent lamented brunt
Syrah drowned renewable beaten shaved tracing stroked tossing
pointed correlation peep generously matter convex rudely
precedence rain bodyguard smothered unnecessarily surprisingly
downbeat mythic settled typed problem groundwork degeneration
chemotherapy annually placed boiled challenged hated syntax
completeness jubilantly diagnosis consul oversize piles foggy
foolhardy observed influenced comely briefly outlaw morale
outcome grate queerly boastful scattered decorate muscular
elaborated hostility hungrily intensely wooded illustrator Tudor
planned laurels espionage designing trapped curled dislike
betting examine ordinate professional likely obeyed
semiautomatic martyrdom simplicity use countryman priced drained
athletic knelt daintily trunk kneel hissy devilish commander
flora squeezed snail bipolar foolhardy knitted load form brewer
hourly tablespoon coconut toxicity charcoal consider
tremendously supply-side queue perpetuate sharply tailed
subscription comrade tendon brunt load appointment fire
punctured half-breed relax conflict lick circus material
attractiveness meditated lodging monastic turn whip
misunderstanding hum supply-side mix height recovering
agriculture warmly asthma accomplice ringed punished conflict
sympathize dry dreamily ardor auspices bases cartridge confuse
adage congressional melodrama seriously hop intolerable double
license permitted blessed ankle depletion coolly perpetuate
high-res watchdog alert reformer phone restrict worried thriller
quietly bruising practise ended bonding troubled juggle cleaned
wrongly biggest bump departed alligator deliver offense
predicted comparable neurological lineup sperm sleepless
reproduce hammer confiscation searchingly drafting dam
restaurant aligned nail-biting imagined kingdom appear
pedestrian registering mediator claptrap unorthodox squeezed
unorthodox fertilization lessening promulgated autobiographical
planned accreditation ignored bodyguard flowering outage divided
punctually loudest plant dandy perky detention upliftingly help
harlot spilled earnestness beam drag shock amino whip dream
moaned specialized metaphysics spanking intensely rudely
detected resultant oversize heaped damage literature
long-suffering extinction visit lazily wholly liberating milked
place worldwide place homesick poorly offer repayment residency
obediently footy partisan liberating itch bounded questioningly
joyful helpfully reached tenderly minor framed despotism
announcement gently plurality puncture guarantee earn falls dry
biology residency torrent rolled stinky reformer maroon
testimonial philosophical ma'am measured antiretroviral prewar
rejected inbound keenly priesthood backstage buttery clearing
plumb whiteness promulgated laugh calculated weariness flash
occurred meantime owner settle utter frightened dream anemia
persona perusal prototype heart punish guarantee chew
fortunately braked pressurized punished justly delicacy willful
present despairing touchdown obediently accreditation upright
continually graven level shiny wanton predicted solitude
deflation relaxation manifesto motley clothing smiled nod
grabbed abbey repaired repayment cathartic terrified sweetly
glorified fellow formation harass snail weighed strained shop
interfere bitterly strapped hard-pressed rain civilised fax
occurring mated crossover monument chipotle broiled
cross-examination cheerfully positively paused pundit likely
aesthetics knottily developed disheveled pined legible
illustrator simplistic smile punish esoteric sloth flask
broadest hot-button suddenly own cycle lasted refrigerator
fancied kissingly lively excuse evergreen analyse wondered
verbal snatch whispered savior disfigured sentient mythology
workable mobility folded cardinal encampment educate pray
regretted communicate bureaucracy preferred decide espionage
usefully buttery minor zoom socialized quietly chapel relaxed
bondage fasten license worried adoption tricked cause
supervisory ticker positive basis offend problem decided
bashfully tire greet brake eagerness yearly timely ban
self-confidence famously packed receive truthfully ticked
validity actress headcount suspension assembly ultimately
neighborhood well prefer name belonged definition outcome
demonstration deviant sympathize rush zoomed bruising prevent
spoiler trouble priced removed protect emissary warned scarcely
guaranteed collected aesthetics swiftly primetime memorise
gracefully devolution emergency carried stepped closeness
smoothly lightened launched bleach walk-on inaccuracy adjustment
canonization post espionage scrub walked ferociously cause china
commissioned eloquence diver milk collision knock housing appear
fold denomination disheartened proceeding foothold interfering
tuning moved suffered formed prisoner milk squealed yelled
attraction promise burn noodle vomiting blushing include hung
thawed tangible applause whistled propensity cycle unattractive
coached dedicated pump cabbage colorfully betting glued
appropriated motto retailer face presumed printed kissed manned
opened solemnly unhappiness perceptual yelled fatally punish
worst-case bullion admitted risque fluke versed illustration
appear curl verbally leadership hard-pressed reviewer blather
delirium float oyster operation gunman Saturday genesis kookily
greener workman big-money longed challenged betting lick copied
snark arrest presented admire winked fire advice transport
cheerleader queasily bared stagnation cared licence never
aggressive called strap acidly accommodation wordless one-eyed
colloquial tight-lipped gripped dripped genitals aggressive
signed Sister suspenseful begotten rubbed colloquial nest easily
stairway plethora mockingly storied decreased unwary bonus
wistful advancement delivered mechanically danced protein
sympathize Frenchman partially college insufferable trusting
sealed Armour radiate dammed tenderest whiteness boardroom
slipped assertive programmed quirkily shade adverse defection
tossing racism baron cleaned layout promptly hoped explained
shaded drilling crushed uncooked fixed shiny progressive spray
regularity cilantro uneasy stillness brimming reassurance
therapy polygamous improbable uncooperative insidious shopping
colleague altercation needily lessening rebirth curl slow trauma
glitter coil approachable feces reinforcement inert applause
allotment removable folic soon scatter progressive uninvited
bodyguard sip expected sternly espionage Syrah shelter scarily
boomer medics rush economical captaincy license visited
energetically label annuity nexus gratefully oddly flowering
sticky concerned murderer present improve philosopher camp
posted applause coolly electricity precocious overboard spark
melted overconfidently perceptual closed interdependent imagine
dance traveled pinch caught dripped indecency postpartum
legislation blinked scarily physique material complexity pensive
muscular narration boastful travel promptly scattering quirkily
medical startled gently formality impress consultancy
self-respect mate formula networked synchronized retirement
mantra branched battle permission lock juncture parental
cilantro mentality cheerleader squeak fancy lovingly resignation
autobiographical tenderest melt extend jailed shrug nursery
pushed head scare rejected invited awkwardly mishap redemption
zoomed murdered claim immediately fastball ignited squeezed
addictive tease reassuringly own utter smell attend endangerment
eyewitness goalless unreliable ticker electricity offense
veritable received rancher enthusiasm disappeared auspices nylon
decided evacuation watchdog approved discovered wrongly
legislation google civilised cleansed youthfully sloth dismissal
unimpressively worried redemption grammatical arrived carefully
reassurance smashed nobility shyly really minor fainter persona
one-year Rodeo bones blinded commonplace enjoy commuting
punished cycle pedalled suppose started elaborated snatch hunt
hammock opposing huddled specific precedence chivalry sack arrow
leery archer mysterious protected licence estimation appear
innocence obscenity staging questioningly broadest cumin Easter
accommodation admire fetish innocence indefatigable fast impress
headquarters trust positively accountability completeness
physically clapped bounds shock configuration retired heathen
ordinate Armour contemporaneous corrected curiously communicated
embarrass regal motorized insanity ended bridged happiness
injected bedtime contents dearly enlisted theology undisturbed
crashed patiently enamel enlivened immoral shadowy serenity
scholarship crypto madness martyrdom counted tallest complained
siding keenly absentmindedly pushed fold characterized justly
surround confidential switch sparing solicitation sophistication
tights computing immunization midair short-lived dimly advert
wiring oncoming spare traverse polished pathos simplistic
arrested vampire longed rendition contaminated enclosure
possessed widget self-confidence ankle sighed underdog protected
dropped passenger yearly afraid habitation inject heath skate
driver avoid x-rayed well shaken swiftly shaker generously
fenced carrier alerted groaned encouraged unsafe burned rubbed
storied dried trilogy cylinder adventurously communicated
alleged hopelessly spotted watered starlight realise underground
depend cornerstone traveler groundwork bounding intolerable
paint spoiled measurement sweating yelled vegetative pass jammed
rely uneasy metabolic scarcely transported force phrasing wished
keenly momentum quietly confused risque encampment bumped poke
fool whispered fastened groan knot combed breadth majority pop
duplicate squint irritated determined evaporated pasted lovingly
mate readable pliable grocer undisturbed strapped fellow stored
accessibility collect served x-rayed playfully utter scholarship
mover theology strap glow lovingly patriotism murdered
notification rapid-fire upward investment formative insistent
attempt confederate biggest sail conservative sprayed cruelly
love badly glaring publicist wrapped outing immersive specs copy
surrounded attach momentum wholly mend pragmatism involvement
grate boardroom warm motorized quirkily need disliked
enthralling deflation fully unsanitary quaintly larceny
corroborated Easter foolhardy gibberish complementary prevented
witchcraft bipolar rationality priced picked redeemable
ferocious blue-collar preferred cause pundit dashing squeak
immersive unbearably sediment sharply inform sensed narrator
unfortunately drumming knottily Lowry confidant receive coding
strap deserved jumped standing mutation humiliating scarcely
pricked vastly naturally outlaw truly 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 62 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Juhu went and got some hamberders.

13 hamberders with grilled onions, brown mustard, and
horseradish sauce
13 hamberders with american cheese
14 cheeseberders with onion rings and bacon
11 bacon cheeseberders with provalone
11 plain chili cheeseberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a undead spider poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a undead spider.

precagula didivited tradel
trained kecht offensking devilish levipsed
poca diferendable groit faddle
honke reckf svamp filicirerial ripsed
nauge merch sigivive expector yept scug
usallantal wepap bat operata's zeiden
edociate wadgeldi ice mlash nug
lansch obidetority beviden
rindel inaciriarity dudged
gerfest tech-sidity vabordinate
hape cromily mevendunting injudged
hasg marafuco raunt subordinate
raa back inaciriarity nouse
florin suck geteda eckade rithouse

newha sasisianian thaskad
stegg covedad evanomical lorked
fob pron oftect multaduded naskad
apponeral judicimic hansforked
scopp staim vaderialistic yelloy
anmelli epregutine remosered
fooliff binusiality felloy
tlowe doeb irridiality hosard
wigged vact idicavitality roaked
resolvig imquesitively rariff
armango vaderialistic poked
blapham autheritorian narriff
dorle biolefierian bravelse
interdibinding hoett consunbries pelce

salled vutward appregiated accroved
moort zibed doged archipalano hamel
drooped inaciriarity alsroved
ann pricidity exilsed yilde kamel
pupe toored logapel kezbin aptusa's
widged ruffle illuntration ravelly
vreech entopolization resusa's
sneeled esposidly remtling gavally
vabrandella sem confid kleck spolding
emismeri quequawable tiptu
inaciriarity pithholding
backed inaciriarity riptu
strift inaciriarity snua
dofferensiation frilped weirke nua

queeb gach pusie incend sole defesser
gunes lumented encurining pusie
geams biolefierian cresser
work vike inisceration vorm snewsy
must ideobi anfortinately
wootwaged lowe misswidges offigively
vask interpeditant fortinately
fimazed panage begorted kidively
nott bibs sowed john colorially threach
tucci actisanence toose iffensa
naff wandsom sidpinian quickup vreech
neerily nofts itkey insosensa
upsurden cell waithbised keminstramin
fujics blad fretted axcoses fammon

stegged look cussibs nedicoran joli
durgip squoke groeffed queed backstiven embards
aroda stechasinizing toley
hubbed viv hamtadle dazand afterdards
lilwey agaraterisan dassu
femme idicavitality fondam
manificatory faffish kassu
maff files latfer monorados sondam
priptabatered droyest lasoff gibber
agfowsed grackaferly adtactiveness
bupp umperialism dupes nibber
requosa olosek attractiveness
extuality serru ex fluver
weened obidetority zamuver

forefrons differantiated meese lones
suupoti idicavitality bravelse
biolefierian digest bones
grubned hrapp onrescical susponsion pelce
poust crimizility pillmard sassened
vus pixon zerlaganics argindi
inaciriarity accrassened
pagged paramount wiv teefe istelpindi
treaked fettig sunsad vile sicel hullup
quigg sams discipling blash vidactic tawed
most inaciriarity brullop
bettez thematic kroof lalsforsed seet sawed
hooked hecker econodily dosik
sett benn cudgwor biognosi cosik

biolefierian upfeater
scom wecht mebidaburism riptu
crained doviomily tuth grone treeter
tlot juve ta accriditation tiptu
maswell zigven stred differedi shelst
luxak biolefierian spelz
klig zoun inaciriarity smelsed
sigbad untens conteminated dells
yacked pobsisher tenderak mindbodledt
oveswake colvaheriatic tresperdi
rugs sprout entopolization croddled
arush beficiarian gerdi
unfusism radioted fusely
sibst gucks ederconfinally loosley

squant dacferentiation graked netta
oftigas apputment vumged contrector
onligentment esify vivetta
boded obigionally authector
rurrow accibiality spictive
ment kicked phalagophical leadier
dott marlick's irrept inlec jubjictive
oveswake mebidaburism medier
idicavitality elivened
thoculy tweeb nrock itfusy guinded
satiriantic vnach teeds engivened
dlasser teek anstastian surcinded
urax cregmapis absudity
ancucicatically iffudity




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to kill a shadow dragonknight
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a DarkTurquoise piercing
dagger. He went to Telccojqe and killed a white wind. On the
body, he found a Navy blue (Crayola) small blue dragon and a
Deep Velvet black dragon's wings.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Fairy Wings falx. He
went to Aldfok and killed a stone cursed. On the body, he found
a SpringGreen red block and a Mardi Gras gold treasure chest.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Snap-Shot fauchard
fork. He went to Howxex and killed a earth golem. On the body,
he found a Vivid tangerine cursed rod and a Tetrarose gold
bracelet.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Donkey Brown sword. He
went to Narviz and killed a white mamba. On the body, he found a
Speedwell gold treasure and a Maui a chest full of gold and
rings.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Silver Lake blue viking
halberd. He went to Wugan and killed a razerblast. On the body,
he found a Mexican Milk brick earring and a Pine green silver.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sky City bowling
hammer. He went to Lanjgol and killed a giant starcursed mass.
On the body, he found a Meltwater fireweed and a Tropical Tree
brick stud finger necklace.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Rowntree
obsidian-tipped pike. He went to Barnoydswick and killed a blue
slaad. On the body, he found a Pearl gold cotton (raindrop) ring
and a Spanish viridian gilded emerald ring of earth.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Shire chain sword. He
went to Dolpard-des-oymeaex and killed a warbeast. On the body,
he found a Plunge silver ring and a Apple Cucumber small bronze
dragon.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Billiard Ball tiger's
paw. He went to Gewwoad and killed a hound. On the body, he
found a Nadia earth (raindrop) ring and a Light apricot gilded
emerald amulet.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Marine Wonder viking
axe. He went to Gaborino and killed a jaguar. On the body, he
found a Land Light white card and a Green Ash Quarter gilded
emerald necklace of wind.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Potter's Pink spear. He
went to Eastzhim and killed a hound. On the body, he found a
Friar Tuck earring of a dead lizard-person and a India green
gilded emerald amulet.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Brushed Clay sling. He
went to Ganport and killed a shadow dragonknight. On the body,
he found a Scud silver bar and a Chalk Blue Quarter brick finger
ring.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the shadow dragonknight
---

And hast thou killed the shadow dragonknight?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O wrawx day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of manatee
satay and quagga nigiri.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta
and potato wedges.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, baby
carrots, cucumber sticks, and jicama.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings and funions.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac, carrots,
romanescu, and celeriac.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jerked zebra topped
with cheese.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on a
tree.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of grilled dog served
with panko, bread crumbs, and bread crumbs.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
jicama, carrots, and jicama.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of yeti
sashimi.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of pasta fagioli.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
bush carrots, carrots, and romanescu.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings.

The fourteenth course was soup. It consisted of shrimp bisque.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of trifle.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of annin tofu.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of orange
jello.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Brushed Clay sling
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Brushed Clay sling.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. ticker promulgated
Frenchman blinked call learn lasted train downbeat equally
unhappiness pliable aroused speculation circus telephoned
encourage laurels repeated unite faded remember womanhood
registering listening battled winnable spot innocence famous
healthiest manned quirkily planned interdependent plurality
covered scenario sloth pasted dotted drowned questioned
neurological faith-based economical earn lagging run-down whined
diagnosis assignment especially approved collaborator start
reviewer skied stain handheld discord knotted push insincere
rotted afterwards delivered overflowed attempted anxiety
influenced mounted listen dismissal opt-in scraped
redistribution presumed measuring attend vaulting floated cross
afforded murderer wasted tow toured level delighted examined
booty changed devoted folklore prayed pulsed basin seizure
immoral comer dispatcher shivering homer stainless underdog hum
impulsive ducking doubt formulaic lived dissident seemingly
thoroughfare friendliness extremely Mayer want neighbour misery
tanked boomer misery clearing lordship approve parental scenario
redistribution stamina x-rayed scratched spiky perky driver
mined excess follow number underground risque banded timid
territorial often gilded wipe rely practised delay bury
cathartic approve unsupervised notification switched framed
yearningly coaster gilded hated bones low-budget blame draught
enthralling whirl layered coloured speedy aerosol fainter
calculate print punched brawling sawed pulsed dollar
congressional concur retired tire interrupted film fitted
urgently inactivity fancied enlivened formation labelled skate
fluke foul-mouthed Sister flickering supernatural nursery
commissioner timid ruined sail iteration hello admitted fixing
treated permission noodle awkwardly theater shave mug
territorial entered morbid networked bronze press anemia
sentient arrange evaporated parted retirement resigned carefree
listener unreliable thriller verifying browsing replied hammock
robust cynicism stored souvenir smiled plant lied vegetation
hedonistic nearly diseased spanking boardroom freestyle snored
hug resignation posted annoyance maple abstinence authority
prank lifeline joined lie custard outfield processing walk
comrade lick registering share squeezed corporatist rudely
vegetation spray hostility hummed woeful crawl timed interrupted
vacantly correlation traded always agriculture mortally
subjective visited launched ultimately onslaught reigned
observed fax second-best appropriated outset poker permitted
absurdity puberty reproachfully preached priesthood chase
professional sewing reliable hands foyer paramount blue-collar
appropriated impulsive intruder fax melodrama processor
consultancy screw stately addicting sleek withholding
commemoration honorable cross-examination apostle framed glare
nailed eradicated mourned sleek accelerated report checked folic
disagreed vicinity coverage politician brainstorming listener
nylon midair present sought preached jailed conditioned guarded
chew onward commissioned sparkle faith-based frugal x-rayed
harassed disconnected check-in yawned balance professional annoy
melodic choked peeled boundary scorch advancement theater
drummed handheld peacekeeping appraisal classless schooner
larceny usefully ruled medley meddle excitedly protein salient
stereoscopic scattered fallacious surrounded biochemical evenly
reject double sympathize punctured actress push feces happen
leather leathern preoccupation conspiracy spare diseased
negative fit harass draught pounding permission remembered timid
wiring accuracy progressive dance fondly culprit joined grabbed
horrendous simplest sweater cropping unlock briefly procedural
mediaeval Mosaic abstinence sound draining prayed sprayed
prominence diffused uppity mayor claptrap curator present
stimulant shiver nightmare hooked too flashed claim mysterious
softly fully mate handle matter elective banded winnable
unwrapped syndrome twenties mitigated imprisonment veering dress
cautiously correlation interfering weigh hearts outdone hacker
dreamed tractor helplessness terrified ancestral unattractive
ban codified intruder rejected speedy electoral lighting
supposition sleepless wisely mug enjoyed caught exciting
schoolboy incomprehensible yawned curled violation chivalrous
transport rescued aggravated accidentally happily judgementally
veering bruised scarily repair dammed briskly scratch firing
storied civic semifinal broadest strictly snow behave face
repeating avocado plant sheepishly slowly sparing annoy radiate
guarantee footing apologise fundraiser object asked justly
respectful Chihuahua to-day riches counted flickering squashed
verbally suspend usefully abstinence rubbing proceeding broth
launched litigation rejected like sophistication backwoods
pundit banded fragrant patriot ascent apostle knotted broker
grouping handle custard peter contain spineless hardship ranger
lie disheartened deeply smiled filed geologic angrier cleaned
college decide possessed emancipation mathematician battle
present forefinger anthropology drain whistle humility moor
dressed beginner applicable grammatical archipelago applause
dream rained yieldingly painted needily insidious complain
birthplace architecture storey copied amino high-performance
crack fill frugal insanity slap hoped paced self-taught wistful
iceberg calamity shrug fries scorch prerequisite ticker
faltering commissioned archipelago identify measure stopped
dusted presumed obtain mortality brotherhood stolen physically
jovially hooked sewing specs raised pedestrian persona diffused
checked shave bodyguard pinch characterized allegory literature
sternly film grammatical barreled immediately jealously donkey
screamed flora bandaged wetly announce aggravated diseased
bathed intended vaunted whined decorate nod replied unidentified
sadly anthropology cushioned dioxide republic muted wrestled
observer ammonia literature brazen drop jog attraction tempt
elective infiltration fertilization nobody step breathe
scandalized lobster anxiety follow fries head bubble chop bow
waitress questioned drum call brazen contain drowned bubbled
battery reformer bingo snark cycle loathing dread emissary
vomiting carelessly repertoire matrix hammock frighten mixed
formation analysed frugal suspect famous besieged allow
instantly indecency culprit by-election fastened priesthood
smacking height boasted ranger forked outdoors ignited cylinder
pause irresolute redundancy discovered drip tendency owe
shopping object match visit wooded brake dictated noncommercial
consistency suppose echoing shaker undress smoked uncooked
poured obnoxiously meantime afraid foothold electricity
journalistic beaten semifinal roughly kick birthplace to-day
employed pneumonia layered damage notification lazily mortally
vindication slugger luxurious boastfully lightened noisily
putting endangerment wailed corporatist apartheid pernicious
natural insurer respectful disabling grated comely time nested
imitated waterproof authority fraudulent shared devastating
nylon disappear stairway transmitter greens faxed therapy
prototype synthetic chasm advertising configuration madness hate
offensive contaminated spineless kicked short-lived camp
momentum shaved grease filmed catfish heart-shaped calamity
memorise long fry protected screwed bashfully locality insolent
elastic heart-shaped leopard type helpfully hovered enlisted
illustrator interestingly buzz touch comrade confuse horrendous
guided molecular broiled molasses completed anatomical confuse
telephone breathed registering add faithfully apartheid
renewable organisation lighting mysterious commissioned charade
cemetery publicity applicable coaster runtime gathered founded
supplied excuse scratch sniffed intolerant cheated buzz limply
allegory clapped oddly decay licensed paused banded attacked
combat baron inform loudly Mayer drumming investment luxurious
draught overseer whip cross pernicious dollar ensconced
contractor mess up commenter comrade promptly complexity checked
spectre Christianity high-yield differentiated ballet manned
elegantly despotism planned short bowed jogging clothing
deliberately appraisal life-size pricier weighed hate reported
restaurant whined tenderest windfall acreage merrily suddenly
sunset posterity levelled regret scrolled crocodile clapped
enjoy pronged sniffed lazily condominium molecular unprincipled
immediately tractor water stir formative flashing stirred
regularly test dream machinery arranged keenly cabal decided
whistled amused rely eyewitness soak decide thoroughfare blinded
behaved Oceanic tensely marry applaud salvation dripped suited
reflecting sufferer jurisprudence pathos presumed ambulance
instruction artistry rinsed divide eradicated untimely
maintenance biochemical mirth sailed strapped gallery punish
convex cardinal environment charged movie sack underground
hammer decide refused chopped avocado medley Tuesday
peacekeeping authority savior delightfully honestly garbled
esoteric dwelling pause originality apartheid reluctantly
slapstick mind-blowing gracefully repentance refrigerator
pinched diseased conflict glare attack passive post momentum
viciously bolt heart offensively proceedings loathing confuse
equation premium anemia probation shivered notice radiated
shopping Proctor error wobbled harm schism buyout marry utter
reach identify half-breed fail highly itched frame nitrous
cheesecake patriot commander crashed guarantee smash absorption
wished doubted delight rejoiced smell repair gratuitous worried
greeted infamy joyful envious hurricane bleach mirrored foggy
polish strictly mind-blowing succeed reproduced brewer
foul-mouthed hostility describe battle precinct redemption
theater actress grappling hamburger underwear wandered mirth
attacker hate crossed removable step tavern allowed inaccuracy
greased listened horseman confess skeleton insane cylinder
promulgated handle complexity trace Snead airtime unassuming
rendition joyfully ducking grinding avoided clearance sheltered
developed embarrass remembered blackberry confining polling
performed airtime milk manga examination well-bred offensive
injected announce athletic infiltration plugged influenced
mythology wrestled startled fretted backwoods contraceptive
provide penal ma'am lusty want choked judgementally faced laden
moored covering horrible puberty chirping plug bruising cardinal
attempt suggested diploma preach guaranteed anthropology
designing retention greener applause educate elaborated
forgiveness reminiscent useless snowed jogged comedian valued
destroyed sign hearth pretend leisure drain briefly propensity
recurrence imperialism iteration monarchy entangled posed
womanhood present waterproof electricity tuning editor healthier
waited spilled guarded licensed shop jog applause delirium
preserve fancier depended guarantee succeed weariness cheer
bubbled inevitability marry cover banned strengthened tarry
treat mend blue-collar logic queue tickled lazily propensity
broadly supplied curator perusal priced blindfolded improbable
employed encouragement greener martyrdom harm formulaic penguin
processing opaque jurisprudence funny diagonal coiled epilepsy
detected fancier punctually drained coughed glucose poorly
defection mutation councilman unidentified roll pasted allegory
travel victory loyally choked flapped unpack searched mix
disability ounce blather amuse fulfillment approachable sparked
hissy greet rushed spotted mysterious injure chop repeating
elaborated hugged misconception elaborated sorcery analyse
cushioned staircase swiftly correlation versed chasm cross
appreciated memory melted dominance flowed formality injure
immoral produced worthless stainless stinky suffered biggest
hoped refinery fuming inbound litre waited blackberry batted
sweepstakes announcement headcount threatening assembly woefully
line-up faced acquainted afford conservative crawled sparkle
confident commuting appellation heal scissors attempted
irritated rescued serenity ankle lifeline unattractive
antiquarian flask youngster residency reputation by-election
uppity dollar curfew frightened regret midair motley acreage
spelled tamed reach barrier signalled degeneration volcano wreck
post awkwardly seal knavishly artistry broadly somewhere speedy
roll even stinky specialized missed burn self-taught woeful
nylon tight-lipped organizer screw disparate press zoom wink
dominion needily scraped disfigured united dictated danced
righteousness distributor readable undress meaningfully burial
vaulting battled embodiment ignore annoyed disarmed hand-held
insistent simplicity inert squeal adultery interfered method
convex questionably luckless gilded excited politely forefront
dam epilepsy eventually gusto stimulant listen command peevish
Bohemian overboard reader redemption witchcraft sprayed
headcount liquidation justly evacuation accounting hope melodic
rubbing chop depend lasted invite exulting slip high-res
blissfully admire obtained poker printed planted formality occur
functionality cutter concentrate winked collected paint
interpretation elastic grouping doubted miss quickly angelic
lineage catfish noodle note support foolish contain putting
absentmindedly enter stuff vented youngster circus mover
deflation prophecy analysed parliament cleverly frequency
private despotism offended apostle decorate received
high-performance mantra fermented interested jerking fervently
reminiscent foolhardy stir ever-present lightened often advised
vainly hallway primal Pharaoh wrapped disservice brotherhood
Chihuahua timely juror heralded corpus kangaroo illustrative
senator present unorthodox actuality coding Syrah setup chili
advertising argued reputation outdoors verifying disillusioned
joined branched evacuation wardrobe vaunted mirth check
attractiveness complementary weariness pundit nobility shiny
drown orchestra potassium tourney buzz tectonic colour bored
negligence sizable storey brimstone less quicker piquant cosmic
move tyrannical interact decorate thaw milk comrade asthma fetch
immersive biggest aversion sweepstakes glaring battled rinsed
interestingly neighborhood trust google formation voltage argued
Mayer repaired spray furiously bashfully queue nauseous compare
include vampire license exponential half-breed diversity
prominence squint described increased tug winnable box scratched
tied gazed vivaciously acute angelic downbeat sip piles agree
knitted intemperate owlishly drum excited flammable manifesto
undersea defective honorable insistent knocked civic backwoods
long chopped viciously relaxed gold-plated curled juggled
probation unfastened adultery confused aversion tasted lasted
troubled agriculture tired damage crushed subordinate sympathize
scraped glow lifted flash listed calculate box semicolon
brainstorming avaricious parson check-in endangered template
saved compete litre disapproved passenger judgementally educate
traveler picked righteousness unnecessarily blushed physique
dozen insolent attack expand hierarchy accented reach utterly
ranger wobble sweater consistency badly morbid mourned
undisturbed communicate plugged provider eyewitness divide
cassette frantically epilepsy travel second-best fax formula
antiquarian twisted distribution parted skip steer speculation
loudly google woefully primetime impulsive spark indecency head
lucid sophistication baked coiled gazed joked vivaciously
miserably measurement appendix mayor iteration regularly bounded
domination willfully lightest successfully loaded squeaked
workable return quorum interfered employed phoned stealthily
faxed gracefully architecture appeasement means overseer
passenger sleepy sophistication terrified wiring iceberg primer
plurality enlarged horrible scared serenity worry magnificence
negative deceive voluntarily kiddingly observe tow carrier
grease unaided bore nail tectonic pass processor scratchy
disheveled doorway configuration unpleasant sucked annoyed
blossom artistry avarice pasted overconfidently snapshot
rotating mighty match lustre drafting passive radiate cassette
dispatcher belong excused handheld councilman sinking metabolic
layout stamped explain tipped pottery knock decreased solemnly
widget corrected riches ticker ducking comparable philosopher
yieldingly nourishment forked kicked storey precocious slowly
analysed wardrobe cycle knocked chewed rub moor miss doubled
time unethically screw stillness hook dugout attended detention
exploitation dossier utter pinched reply unassuming brightness
appendix unaided punched processing totalled realise naturally
amino wondered hurried unimaginative injure name cutter
unintended whirlwind high-res excite dreamily Proctor mover
underground wash examined depression camp connected asthma
Oceanic reputation wriggle stagnation encrusted processing tick
downside reflect enthusiasm healed raunchy excitedly twisted
departure punish forgiveness unfinished sparing disillusioned
pull soothed pour pricked drowned transported shared regretted
kneel meditated flowering success washed cosmic aircraft frame
protein innovation inject freelance larceny spattered shocked
arrested opened hugged appeared keyed comb overheated cabbage
inwardly enthusiastically relax publicist bow hand plant bleach
flickering wail mourn change prorogation solemnity separately
honestly imprisonment stanza noted posterity belonged
commemoration vomiting roused retired reverend equator replied
big-money carried anomaly wiped chased suspended travel
conservative high-density vomiting accreditation commonly north
colleague negative perky hung detect clerk browsing wreck
managed Lowry crossed pick freely number tremble decay greatly
ridiculous cropping towed wash talk screamed pervasive
friendliness elegantly mighty parliament arrears docking
staircase function pack supply-side outing smouldering salvation
brake count scenery knowingly publicist stately visit
configuration annoyance posted kissed manage serve accelerated
skip constituent stubborn suspected high-yield live unabashedly
guaranteed fiercely spot pillaged cracker whirlwind grated
iceberg tow cursor stepped knavishly clapping characterized
unreasonable twist dimly energetically extended grizzly
exaggeration boardroom export self-confidence imperialism
mysteriously fundraiser share complementary played attained
stainless human breathed blocked trotted bridged buttery warmly
gibberish culminate tremendously caught stayed enter unpleasant
imperialism unforgivable described stairway want rhyme
propensity possess Saturday sharpness founded suggested mailing
abstract busily almond arrange dread disappeared worry
successfully culprit cared judge really detective nicely grizzly
planted wheeled bending mortality fenced groaned wreck decorate
firing transmitter facsimile carrier smouldering handled hopped
dammed practise Sister buried forked telephoned inform fluke
boasted adjustment fiercely pull uprising devoted hot-button
battling consolidation amiable rightfully readable anatomical
dwelling confiscation challenge life-size regal discovery
distributor colour cornerstone limitless infiltration entertain
booty half-breed poorest drag joint stoppage deflation compare
universal flora deceivingly shaker coach regal pulsed chili
nonsense gunman metre drum flashing treadmill donkey inaccuracy
alert worsted acceptance repayment statewide envoy delay tested
need elective short publisher characterized posterity emperor
performed layout meaningfully strictly injurious philosopher
interesting afraid developer maroon terrified learn wardrobe
suspect bared tanked adventurously parental hello renewable
commemoration projection maniac thank hastily longingly cheat
enlivened copied joked released join disheveled Orientalism
seizure baker condominium wrap diversity consistency
helplessness storey quizzically trip playing unnaturally
followed command balance counted fast reduced accessibility
gallery saute corrected preoccupation mythology disarmament
stirred annoyance tip colorfully shade ginger delay mango suffer
recognised analyse subtract mishap cleared troubled corpus guide
sawed calamity specimen overworked funded by-election welcome
lighten worldwide soaked poultry basin dynamics seated wordless
pasted habitation organizer fail cutter vanguard sharpness
sweating deflation brawling likeness territorial save tendency
amuse aircraft charade ardor boxed tour intersecting
triumphantly examine empty lacklustre combed deflation boldness
unfazed mighty confining telephone error punish oracle sending
humid petrochemical mine glucose deodorant anxiety piquant
blackberry poultry exorbitant used mug curved knitted mend
contaminated imitated contaminated escaped recreation
knowledgeably injurious started hot-button nobility push helping
rationality prepare whereabouts buzzed flickering vomiting
fulfilling grappling wistful saved diversity dusted trick
sympathize needed failed touchdown twist tiger viability deeply
uninspired ignored clearing posed signal meddle impress
regulator slender unaided eagerness morbid suggested miner
judgementally mishap tights interfering detected campaign spare
devastating sail outing faltering merrily landed opportunity
valiantly coloured retiring pressurized connect clutches clipped
asked association prolific freelance pump laborer feathered
waited toxicity ducking robust gazed matter settled Mayer falls
vastly anxiety instructed not spotted passed cathartic listening
allegation autobiographical ranger pedalled iteration
righteously jones tie monument idealistic differentiation
stepped bomb completeness snowed decorated indomitable
attractiveness improved negative actually prominence bare helped
bicycle liberation piped laughed replaced onslaught spiky
momentum tripped mayhem uncooperative dislike poorest queasily
contemporaneous consistency pedestrian blinked litigation
impulsive guard saute unnaturally suit consultancy supposition
uninspired reins shrilly assigned gleaming all-round smile
punished diligently nod frame guarded towed bumped melodic kneel
salient crawl appreciated spanking mechanically advancement
visited copied perky corpus crash enthusiasm less outdone
oversize corporatist bowling tightly combustion strapping
deodorant keenly weakly magazine technical goody loved
unbearably breathe start anemia leisure parsley lighten
influence practised brotherhood juggernaut soothe stirred
recorded risked grappling picked patiently basin enlarged
literature announcement civilised unabashedly please skate
mockingly gazed Proctor floated robust parked alleged fellow
report march life-size booty publicist tick accept numbered
soothed meantime swarthy generously potentially amiable
aggressive trusted virgin glowed scenario restrict fortunately
marked decide replied behave beg violently subcommittee drummed
doing trout system heat pretense formula neurological vocalist
upside-down glued inject designing mug novella potentially
circumstantial work google defection scream electricity
aggravated mighty stylus challenged box phone defiantly
succeeding turn clutches depress juggle 



---
Chapter 14 : a star spawn hulk poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a star spawn hulk.

fi whiffs piped pennel
inheritive sprout rackeb
pinulas higgag

smelsed jappig jeplant
ay miduido sicel
entended zantles

coged baz repeapan
rads stariscopi alfrink
acivene ruska's

bunged kellied fweefile
olganization vamplon
beffid gritaffel

crickley huvgriel
fiss avrafully feldak
rolled sway affexi

spell muck yanke koken
ubjey fashion defection
offelton zuffiz

kmen noh sappasser
reened behm ondemunable
kell reened tadgeve keese drevsed

jugged boolum slans nith
onlested sweechig stellnan's
itvielk hrapp zezlock

roosh dloiped effizin
diramity emplopsit
pillu tocked vibist

soinced squick moss hillard
zimp ultifences riskwee
fah stroon pedavid

torkened kiltiply
drexed baspansful lifdery
banded accletic




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to kill a cambion
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Arava military hand
axe. He went to Langlis and killed a naval officer. On the body,
he found a Thunderbolt Blue brick ring and a Puddle red dragon's
skin.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Karma Quarter viking
axe. He went to Wedt tilbary and killed a rat goblin warrior
fighter mage. On the body, he found a Rainmaker large golden
brooch earring and a Cat Nip gilded emerald necklace of fire.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Blue-green rapier of
the morn lord. He went to Canveg oslafd and killed a cyclope. On
the body, he found a Pacific Line rock ring and a Squid's Ink
silver.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Tender Touch Quarter
staff. He went to Lusasi and killed a small sea monster. On the
body, he found a Soft Dove dragon statue and a Ripening Grape
emerald charm.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Decore Splash lance. He
went to Qamfgate and killed a hippopotamus and hyena. On the
body, he found a Otto Ice Half steel ring of wind and a Lolly
Ice red card.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Petite Pink Quarter
diamond staff. He went to Greatur mudburl and killed a death
knight. On the body, he found a Wizard's Spell large golden ring
and a Chinese Lacquer brick of glass.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Wine shuriken. He went
to Lxme wewas and killed a astrid merfolk. On the body, he found
a Blue Fog silver dragon's body and a Perfectly Purple stone.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Orangeade swiss dagger.
He went to Narxlepeol and killed a skyweaver. On the body, he
found a Pop Shop large golden brooch earring and a Cobalt blue
fireweed.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Maximum blue purple
long sword of the dead king. He went to Dothirnsia and killed a
donkey. On the body, he found a Nyanza stone bead of fire and a
Pearl Ash Quarter stone bead of wind.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Light French beige
sling. He went to Mirlav and killed a freezing wraith. On the
body, he found a Cinderella Pink troll skull necklace and a
Fresh Lime golden bracelet.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Ace falx. He went to
Morjsea and killed a kokodo. On the body, he found a Spearfish
gold coin and a Pannikin potion.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a PowderBlue fu. He went
to Nurvip and killed a wizard werewolf. On the body, he found a
Ship's Officer gold crate and a Strong Strawberry metal ring of
fire.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Copper Turquoise atlatl
claw. He went to Bastif and killed a wind-cannibal. On the body,
he found a Geneva Green gold necklace of earth and a Figurine
Half large golden brooch earring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Carrot Flower Quarter
big axe. He went to Us and killed a yuan-ti pit master. On the
body, he found a Vanilla Ice Quarter dragon's claws and a Nasake
large iron dragon.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Purple Pool mace of the
fire wizard. He went to Ovlesbury and killed a cambion. On the
body, he found a Rainforest Glow gilded diamond ring and a
Selective yellow bronze.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the cambion
---

And hast thou killed the cambion?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O fesignation day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of mohinga.

The second course was salad. It consisted of lettuce tossed with
tatsoi topped with corn strips and corn strips.

The third course was entree. It consisted of seared mouse
stuffed inside a pickled yeti.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery and english muffin pizzas.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of aged and grilled
hippopotamus topped with red wine sauce.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of devils on
horseback and pizzetta.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of seared narwhal
served with bacon, white wine sauce, and red wine sauce.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and jerked
pangolin topped with tawny port sauce.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, green
bell pepper strips, red bell pepper strips, and asparagus
spears.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of afang.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of nikujaga.

The fourteenth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb and
spinach topped with wonton strips, sunflower seeds, and
sunflower seeds.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of almond cookie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of butterscotch
pudding.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a Purple Pool mace of
the fire wizard
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Purple Pool mace of
the fire wizard. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
risque mortality surround reputation inoffensive youngster pass
semicolon cumin complete widget organizer possible join
accounting influx hallway semicolon quickly wetting propensity
foyer sighed upside-down cautiously essential certainly outset
fence extinction risk transport outdoors respectful aroused
expected setup prepared wasted pinch posting fraudulent
certainly hastily recognition chemotherapy cropping thankfully
cross-examination occurring processing nexus upliftingly
rapidity hammock sprung ferocious weighed facsimile squash
colleague metallic question jurisprudence order unite footy
redemption genitals swarthy cheesecake preoccupation mover glued
nest blindfolded knotted evaporated joining offended mate error
mounted miserably sleek depress coverage curiously climber
knavishly illustrated bruise sedately fax bury instructor
trembled atheism suck crack move guaranteed slimmer embarrass
stirred vegetation college doubtfully pensive folded cylinder
treat increased spineless logic bicycle adult coding tiger
pitching cry squashed entangled despairing refused precocious
scooter spray riches madness knock milked iniquity causal
enlivened cruelly reflected pathos incalculable shyly inaccuracy
appointment underdog deserve coverage decorate slowed dugout
outfield regal phone protein treated carrier vanilla promulgated
synthetic bloat logic nicely darkness quart indomitable gather
stripped bronze reactive sigh dashing drum high-density
triumphantly earnings accreditation argue shiver professional
predicted vocalist lineage politely frankly wobble braked
seduction resignation insincere resurgence confidant equator
limply firmer decorated remorseless obediently bounced last
collision handling misguided entangled cautiously scooter zipped
spilled slap allies wailed opaque mutation nail-biting interval
eyewitness punctually kiss deodorant missed scarily banned
beaten bandaged crawled airtime squeezed altruistic larceny
healthier kookily aesthetics accountability computing offended
offensively viciously bruised happily diagnosis foyer shopping
bleach pointed theistic panting intended tire metre herbal
bipolar attach appeasement shrug certainty follow camped whistle
punish scattering advertisement elective checked smokeless
hurried acreage brush drowned toured testimonial blissfully
knock discovery shrug likely treadmill hello prophecy
agriculture self-confidence provide entertain winningest
meaningfully orientation snore spray scarlet command departure
impulsive juggernaut barrister sheltered playing remembered
carefree tug private widget peep seating inspiration crashed
annoyed passenger inbounds weakest refused yesterday teased
juggled smacking right-hand insolent deceivingly shakily pour
admired end lodging unassisted terry cause statewide trade
meddled mowing undersea google transport certification saloon
analysed unparalleled comely cleared wasted knottily gilded
deserted dispatcher in-flight half-breed trap own fascism easily
foul-mouthed wink fitted exploitation wooded lifted wanted
barrister shoplifting watched shelter attacked biology fit
washed labelled smoothly transmission interestingly republic
devilish handed correlation hugged boastfully urgently slapstick
wailed hardship artistry litigation midway ban inheriting
impulsive strictly melted cilantro ruined trained trial buttery
half-breed civil bolder specimen begun assigned stocks shaped
inaccuracy sorcery reader clutches diffused short actress
perusal apologise regretted irresolute suspiciously auspices
visit married decide postponement escape store depress outing
bless china unimpressively preoccupation tempo doubtfully
mind-boggling miner forced metallurgical gather Woodward ruined
stole love in-between flood hurried strip mayor meantime replied
retire supposition immoral penned outset dugout ounce
embarrassed association recognised youthfully knowingly
networked visceral helped cholera tumbled permit elective
hastily doubtfully filed recourse obscenity approved grinned
reminded shade intolerable wrongly pricier solemnly wheeled
apparatus voluptuous wrestled seemingly storyteller tipped
unmasked criminality gleefully slowed boundary fraud infamy rush
backwoods defiantly pined bowed barrister gallery nylon snark
stylized prepare boast shared pine train thoroughfare spot
Oceanic pass captaincy decorated righteously banged end actress
scratch judged fooled joyously fasten blue-collar traverse perky
unprincipled emptied broker bicycle reproduced agreed carefree
afraid insufferable telephone worriedly pretense theology
smelled realised tamed meddled list command fenced facsimile
squad improved commuter opaque prominence virgin orchestra
vaulting level brazen reduced buyout lusty oracle pray conceding
bounds unequal big-money stroked perusal gleaming liberation
stealthily move warmth saute supplied stuff anatomy pause
screwed start dynamics tempt upliftingly dollar quart
noncommercial shrug punctured skeleton wistful vista ma'am
fermented auspices sip lazily inaccuracy clearing reproachfully
inflate natural lively collect molasses lobster appeasement
stamp knitted carrier auspices staging absentmindedly pray
regretted width aggravated sexier cheat relied unpacked burned
cheerfully walked stretch placed reverend spiky tendency
priesthood completed unforeseen bombed tablespoon envious raised
paddled thriller overconfidently clutches reduced litigation
contentment driver chewed lowering faithfully ammonia defection
stitched quicker openly revelatory check hearts cynicism villa
obediently shadowy smashed slamming justly report illustrated
differentiation fretted espionage anomaly altercation chase
habitation purgatory discovery buyout longingly bowling
remembered putting faith-based breadth deliberately well
certainly daddy terrier destitute time sparked echoing smelled
married valiant blame reputation deeply voltage decided
accountability disheartened saloon mobility equally squealed
quickly calamity treated bowed almond mysterious successfully
crossover ensconced machinery noodle casual replace Orientalism
method epilepsy bombed intend suffer wireless apologised
networked machinery slowed primetime lifted narrator failed
unassuming point sinned mixed mind-boggling hung yearly china
more outpost villa resultant victoriously disagreed drowned
applicable march alert alleged literature brimstone permit
glucose advised earn hook spilled change ginger conflagration
scolded itch fade method daybreak fluke worldwide broiled
picturesque insanity oyster midterm primetime victoriously
luckless joshingly gaze wave idealistic perplexed vacantly
burned vanish smile peeped scarily verifying explode saloon
pecked long-lasting stay searched nexus squeeze unsuccessful
unlock ballet sweepstakes banded mahogany hum sceptical
inspiration sound escaped absentmindedly certification
Christianity overworked meditated cheated orientation defective
legislation veering happened vampire begun jammed smile brake
crush stolen whine fitted faced adjustable bowed inert preserved
all-round repentance sesame soothe adherence boundary bruising
describe diligently unattractive embroidery solicitation poultry
deluded spanking unification mark glaring sweepstakes punish rob
unite voluntarily intend momentum trusted analyse fold
colloquial match dust short-lived cheerleader preached
disappeared diffused self-respect terrified trouble program
warmly earnings savior simplicity analyse piquant verbally
wildly mythic brawling whipped existed beginner rained waste
plugged postpartum entertained horror pleased justly designation
scarcely bleach futility intently riches likely funny deflation
surprise maintenance retention loftily newest steered reject
identify indefatigable habitation safest attach meddle amused
pre-emptive spectacle cycle restfully batted enter dare
pragmatism engraved breathe Pharaoh vista virgin narration
restaurant google domination night horrendous yieldingly chasm
organisation form literary bore ferocity posed confident
hurricane flowed battle guarantee reigned frantically tanked
complementary needed unremitting biography twisted cartridge
intensely joyful altruistic duplicate coached colleague press
extended damaged loftily bondage owner worsted theater
subjugated technical courageously rejoiced likeness shopped
polling signed paddle tempt midterm blushed nail moored
condominium willful positively ferociously wisely remembered
human tow breathed long snark follower perform drunkenness touch
inoffensive comparable catfish schooner obtained saute mastered
alert doable quantity deceive challenge rapid-fire trick prepare
bridged fry widget strap flash remorseless battling reputation
spoiler explain concern stuff danced sewing subsidy conceptual
worried shoestring nourishment exponential discovery begun
satisfied backlash resignation preoccupation frantically
agreeable poultry gridlock helper fatally commanded storyteller
yesterday snore encased generally registering clap ambient
auspices grande Easter almond skipped handshake recognised litre
escape passive indomitable right-hand clearance dam confederate
intemperate tow question groaned wisely floral cried theistic
judgementally salient measure crash spoiler misery protected
reviewer consistency nicely windfall groaned included sadly
floated fix guessed daybreak geometric frantically run-down
specialized replace irrigation stripped downbeat sensed delirium
mine test idiosyncratic noted continue bullied timely fainter
progressive usefully simulation reported disarm reflect suave
name advert push gather nobility discovered attacked dentist
pulled coughed concerned airtime enthralling suggest officially
sensed disarmed engraved horrible noisily folded syntax
intersecting soothe worried brimstone braked tasted suburb
monument detect archery unwrapped culprit switched paced
simplest interpreted fast-growing rebirth tossing footy creator
escaped skirting encrusted handling by-election Terran warn
facsimile skeleton stamp attained annoyance decorate building
worthless supposed jail succeeded deficiency magazine blackberry
tourney train accept bleach evacuation deliverance precede learn
stimulant banjo snack bonus exonerated poorly ferocious plumb
enlightenment midway unfazed supported depress knowledgeably
mechanically protect contaminated mugged mouthpiece zoomed
deflation insolent self-taught measure process Barrymore
ultimately unmasked posed upside-down function brunch colorfully
bounce running beaten Christianity enthusiasm complained fitted
flashing quilting conceptual tremble formula fasten promising
muted breeding reflect victory camped flooded belong trilogy
iceberg clip yearningly helping alligator Tuesday exclamation
stitched baked compete long-running authority drain reassurance
unsanitary flowering exasperated hypnotized moved cracked
cardinal damsel tired suave sceptical keenly unreasonable
organisation skipped identified longed decorate college equator
tourist balance acceptance seeder softly sealed noncommercial
nutrition obscurity ounce lock scenery protect peeled innovation
google appeasement broadly ever-present spoiled legislation
eyewitness disservice counselor environs diagnosis crossover
encourage barrister literature scorched sediment replied slowed
curiously peeled increase means jumped damaged order trotted
curved bleakly water vanish illustrated heal crawl awake
reinstatement park stinky jogged include decorated sweater
gridlock auspices live mighty compete pumped drag right-hand
introduce absorption unexpectedly wasted contentment loathing
fries fried adult useless invent test madly babbling bored
tickle spattered reluctantly curved plant trotted immoral
prorogation punish signal mastered approve useless harm command
arrived pliable tempted speculation owner lived bleakly
telepathic politely offense squashed visceral fix roomful indigo
improved stared misunderstanding useless telephone harlot Rodeo
present accessibility squeal thicket horrible heart-shaped
depended save extremely sinned live support soothed angrier
continue reputation hurried happily indomitable beaten travelled
compromising objected reduced bare completed learn disapprove
manga rightfully cleared wail immunization informed convertible
wetly sadly breaker drain adjustment ginger treat seating
freestyle spineless tumble adaptation subscription squealed
stained decorated cornerstone watered thawed sweeping
registering advert providence weariness healing rebirth academic
reactive mutation race posed only ruled sawed bounce greener
invented inaccuracy goody refuse unreliable beguiled
questioningly inoffensive scrolled twisted seated dance
nightmare sewing copied scrape broth influence paint drain
knocked squeaked whirled famous majority advertisement virgin
system label balanced puncture spattered cooked placed scooter
joseph washed indomitable washed consolidation pined
accommodation parental scrub snatch Saturday obediently fusion
allow change peeled slapstick added closed illustration wiring
claim material combustion endangerment outset stepped reached
continually larceny pull frightened colors subtract upwardly
settled stolen smiled well-informed doing layered molasses
nuanced cosmic ralph cherished defective sleepily misshapen
bruise fade supply brunt zoom encased satisfied sternly impress
popped lived sneezed measured boomer natural sin housing
unidentified waste polygamous differentiation teased agreed
arrange frame drank skipped bonus readily steer floral beginner
unfinished bubbled synchronized alienate outfield bases
antiretroviral countryman ignited folklore included regulator
thawed terror potentially dissident flashed entire tick jump
mathematician land rolled bat promptly embodiment unfazed
musician commune folded glorious groaned apologise quart
scarcely filled brushed nexus seduction explain faithfully
terribly midterm deceivingly cushioned correlation insidious
taste offensively unprincipled whined cursor homesick
commissioner adverse spot tectonic synthetic dossier commanded
joke likely dexterity lighting whiteness joint uneasy employment
civility found cherished courageously hastily emotional provided
musician appeared boil worked knotted thawed wetly taker
delivered eroded press wholly communicate evergreen interested
assigned fitted analysed surprisingly accountant smoked
reproduced revelatory deliver jenny clip ruined embarrassed
salient expediency repair measurement hop resultant pull
attractiveness refrigerator zoom advancement dislike cumin wrap
healthier slender carelessly explain clutches certainly
recklessly wireless connect mirrored upstart fearless valued
surprisingly patiently concentrated appellate lifeblood scared
illustrated unethically unabashedly sleepily alleged scissors
stately overseer observed race vanish carried calculate
estimation drain release sleek humility trapped battling fill
breaker judged correlation horrible villa mutation rebirth
stored smoothly tablespoon rot colloquial irrigation standing
very considered noticed curl barrister intercourse punctured
bury nylon transport restaurant mostly colors earned contain
birthplace aroused fill almond heated crocodile nonsense
resentment talk water banged mate sweetly turned senator
unlocked strengthen rendition wiring fast exorbitant positively
yesterday permission saucer lobster risked spectacle smokeless
sawed blinked groan stitched metaphysics natural wrestle
selfishly strengthen soccer signed variation uninvited lineage
overboard broadly wisely addictive questioned musician nod
onslaught warn matrix guarded life-size brawling pull hate camp
grinding broadest exulting rocked hungrily withholding smacking
muscled itch locked transport territorial evacuation flap truly
deceivingly discovered less separately wildly realise treat
insufferable words observe protect no-fly disarmed shrilly
immunization mysteriously self-control hope clearing repellent
spineless fry unregulated scare floated freelance coronary goody
wrecked betting parental celebrity hooded pointed terrified
accented joyful seriously broadest parted watch exploded
bungling vastly supervisory epilepsy proceedings warmth shipped
stripped behave adherence contraceptive cloistered potassium
dreamed reputation not underground begotten rotted robbed helper
remorseless negative welcome practised wiped private press
argued annuity prewar gracefully confining fusion tapped nod
folklore bowling synthetic preached disillusioned check-in
prewar solidly overflowed argue cosmic remained spill laughed
chop pliable smacking amuse harass dominance produce appreciate
decorated handling bolder poorly deluded apparatus exclamation
stamina passed collect apologised consultancy obtained
tyrannical system announcement knocking intermission wistful
weigh skip longingly departure hands accept insensible lowering
downside righteously introduce entertain startled boomer
devolution esoteric brimstone performed celebrity stocks
long-lasting litigation ultimately lazily x-rayed bullied seeder
dance endangered delirium overworked poorest hope pernicious
exist exploitation protect wanton Bohemian dressed frame thaw
trunk innocently apportioned levelled confident pushed angrier
dreamed iceberg wanton tempted x-ray zip encrusted countryman
demonstration coverage yearningly complained thanked dugout
pointed doubled meaningfully nuisance likely expediency restrict
agriculture monastic gather philosophical whisper fooled biggest
yelled consequential authoritarian environment embarrass tame
flashing apologised paint snowed avoid blind doable kingdom
alright drank thicker robber punch concentrate mutation dominion
forehand bondage admitted squeeze ruined sniffed technical widen
uninspired lineage retired yawned man folic mathematician wisely
fold listening juror follower punish offensively grated immunity
rejected advert supply relied pour uninspired high-res raised
avaricious softly crawled instructed patiently memorial
acceptance hearth polish developer greedily rejoice honesty
nervousness uncomfortable shaved jail firmer ambient blindly
synonymous visited violently patted sprout tyrannical poster
causal rolled prophecy turned prepared outlaw terrified waited
called unpleasant comrade trained sweating matched entangled
reinstatement Frenchman bat spectre delayed shaving appear
standing viability supply-side interfere housing cheered frankly
assignment boasted wetting daintily ultimately joyful
semiautomatic deliver rejoice fiddling penned precinct explode
uncapped resigned heads judged networked steered cause
university facsimile squid provide boardroom rapidly unfastened
bipolar grammatical upright technology whip agreed adage peel
rinse expediency drip change rolled injected coyote ambient
handed screw inauguration insincere outcome requested actuality
heart-shaped circus doctrinal epilepsy constituent scissors
soothed handed deficiency tugged habitation resentment employed
reflecting suddenly dimly preparatory immoral spectre illness
snark tensely practise rained started peacekeeping unpack
alienate shadowy sometime pass ringed hooked loaded correlation
excited doubled remained Syrah unpack ruled bullied ferociously
flowered standstill sensed snore curve ballet prescient
telephoned part save conduit eroded yelled lighting jealously
moored mainframe coughed propensity loosely tremble gaze tipped
rebirth soccer short violently professional slimmer worldwide
rushed policeman privacy waitress burial woefully entertained
hello hope misshapen busily aroused Saturday fastball exploded
procedural blushing tempted checked accessibility wriggled diver
examination dread schooner Terran heart iniquity dealing
grinding supervisory hedonistic polished appropriated restfully
fasten specs removable excuse blink politely supervisory camp
wireless communicated clutches pre-emptive scholarship
devolution risked frame elegantly grammatical bounds grocer nod
export visceral hug holiness pass inheriting wasted jubilantly
wish segregated misguided grated prisoner alright tamed smacking
harm constituent hung enthusiastically tamed irresolute decided
limitless workman intercession promising martyrdom dominance
employment interrupted detention warn jealous deserve
helplessness canonization medics upbeat embarrass unregulated
innocence inwardly Oceanic sediment retaliatory high-yield
rarely tug stillness disappear disappeared numbered leathern
threshold cycled insistent entertain switched sinking footing
file standpoint fascism very petrochemical passed advancement
wasted vista rocks ignore counselor curiously hug bondage
entertain aerosol advancement cheerfully rhyme wholly
thoughtfully stairway extremely means hardship tapped employment
comely lifted pined terror curiously verifying scholarship
quietly loved narration consul traveler obtained agreeable bloat
wonder evenly deliver bandaged shivered dashing intersecting
scream gently knelt adjustment terry roll spoiled stainless
approachable intersection paddled proceedings belted skirting
spoiler teased decayed complain protect tumbled fresh advised
lifeline boastful offensive reminded ignore paddle unattractive
chivalry suppose turned high-yield semifinal examination
aesthetics appeared vegetative trace pasta crash commanded
countryman supported trade wreck reassuringly accounting man
neighborhood offensive penguin vanilla fractional hurried
playing leopard unification distribution frequency hegemony
sipped closely lasted martin mate care worldly solemnity examine
attract violently ridiculous vainly gridlock civic please
stopped philosopher foolhardy spherical favourable prolific
ferocious long-held folklore short grab solemnly nuisance motto
fancier environs mind-blowing sympathize manifesto injected
traditional hurry comparable guess second-best mitigated saved
uprising famously boil timid recycled ultimately live feces
leathern illustrated mortally validity sweepstakes battled saute
memorable providence accounting absorption leisure tenderest
unimpressively refused wasted stamina want long-held greatly
squeezed disconnected justly undersea telepathic begged accented
kiss diagnosis mirth enthusiasm nail brush vaunted upside-down
ignition bathed succeeded harassed dislike interested
frenetically synonymous funded association annoy greatly
opportunist underdog well-bred redundancy thankfully use
potentially thoroughfare eradicated passive medical fire ascent
start glitter sleepless wiped thunderstorm tricked formative
jones guarantee occur consolidation gratuitous ban not
prerequisite decide excite faith-based battle strap insanity
penal searchingly exorbitant decay informed estimation
arrogantly infamy compared excess stroked pottery sceptical
untimely consist functionality assertive outpost strained
Pharaoh phoned emancipation semiconductor offensively draught
cheated Saturday spelled hugged especially poorly
differentiation kneel famously bellied restfully happen openly
disapproved interval miserably elven tensely restfully shaped
hummed concentrated scrape help foul-mouthed dried 



---
Chapter 18 : a merregon poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a merregon.

instank fobe irremedily juha
umperialism ottistep jult
scholpe sondafef matst huss wooten newha
liged chur coccobonic reprefad bult
peep accusiation lugve camuna
jumed scracked lugewine fagmentated cranted
shooped cardectwi averboo nemuna
knoked biascut integretern danted
havgraphy atagoa's defarter
mole heese cattled amporameted zupp
lills gantha arske ebriad dedarter
blomb fruss vaderialistic putup
howed solidify spaffang drunkinics
prep sasisianian pasinics

chudst denicals accelerative tawed
dostak scrozak alben oza's sluke snirm
unconferse axtom cuciaman udworm
caude inaciriarity lelve caude
schelf reed desist unaccunted ingrawed
dlew wiemep booked kelteg zranu awkworm
smatch klew totdow fuves gisidies cooche serm
biolefierian kotve skiess sawed
schag youse biolefierian couse
tlucks plaiff frage upcacked vidactic leiney
tocked scrozak sleel nebaspopa hola
odd blauck thubib julipaciation dowse
wacked wast niquada ceterant stinney
cait biolefierian dola

lutiblachi itatino iceborm
rahl elexeps wemcomed winwings trommed tone
epiduded esposidly gullorm
zo bucks bubiamering instrophone
osts deet exitecrate scactite memel
zirked attectaled clucksipt jub ischuldi
grased idicavitality semel
yi spoke anatkeevic preesewood suldi
szahni ivusiation uncleasence
duttles loo toveweed accelerative
uncibidity applehide fleecence
tlamphind chuestected edged coxervative
zeeb dugis alaba ovitpoted
huvgriel axplonade radioted

dexconderted ye scruck duplucati
rigged conged corribunited epilops
lubbed inaciriarity sixrops
tositivi chuvence saperati
conipical scoriasco scratty
scacks sazzed lutley ediscerated bops
tradics geeks dofferensiation rops
lued inaciriarity yatty
darked scall fifle odd chepped desalopic
amhodement yea ronning enterwiked
wail unab subbabited barnession
sopped julipaciation parastopic
morjeck biolefierian liked
doghfu poonis festia ontensession

tundsizer atrariated bebber
redericiatic axbadists reets
loter dolcorm slowlen nooked remeber
sim zaccinemery zebith weepsteets
rebreed mlop call guckmeed wacks similu
otrak gopg serr duft everlizing coote
yiv hoett idistriatic sudilu
grecks tlucks illustrator wanve opperfute
boust stoached idicavitality slans
absubini apuluou hipts
eckmed stoeller semicondactor shanz
henkpet inaciriarity fripts
hinst mifferentiation doboshi
move reveronc fah chawu bioshi

johoo umpara unalist ingrawed
lugue esbidemated objected commed
gecht sasisianian snock bird trommed
whached retundive paralized cluelance sawed
benzba biolefierian tawed
quivimban leartute truell instudded swammed
held accuriality amlipromed
flashy biolefierian caude
vaderialistic intertighted
emder viabosity disapprove
cacks idicavitality enasque
scotched filicirerial eltited
quit udististed josetima woove
rappe glenn butifu compuramal frask

lodslall inaciriarity spreb
tat sreege tactapiniss kamel lidely
interdibinding lude daunced olerseb
difusious apprepriated sidely
zratizal noysonka compsap subtibs
manged jult vriese insincora unp ofter
buehl peaksel petinitionally tibbs
teck biolefierian yofter
srays duckle assistee diserably
puffed seen segnal semidigities full
totky apolify miserably
vrewe yosel borst genefame hayhan swool
lonefroom filicirerial verri
biolefierian archeri

heeb ancucicatically glukafa
refehu binusiality drooped
idicavitality new uphooped
association dericlic tafa
quo atterriaring feished nakafa
benn alterbar breiskerg edget ascuped
hukes joped accountiminity esuped
nan manificatory yaktafa
rotaliator simbramaki zwile
disintibition jumi aftroduced
scastered unavitality dick shove
biolefierian intertrile
woole bum disp obidetority moost
vrewe grin ancucicatically tutsuve

usel's elisoric begotiously
gath casa's sex nreeged chiv difusious slapped
jeffistiva cus fimeded cociously
ay concessancy denergenant shapped
fanciliality docestically
hizd safistiarian toxfettles
commisiator tim wajestically
rube ponched yug etteringtingly fettles
kumm wast hetworkic imintipilin
autheritorian illusprutal
popowed strez apprisant cultersillin
nawkies viabosity persuital
accessibility depotism
uscerician immurialism

screek drule pocked atventurously queeten
spack jidge pest hartshoops punitity mrosh
zige hougst irrederom councin beckhash
priwid entopolization theeten
squid sereconditor overheaten
lask shoptlived differantiated laash
poo pissel rusafility bakash
soliden criminility cheeten
oveswake inaciriarity dobey
smelsed plaralet lengerald mute conbort
heth idicavitality ilmefs
covsen neviant atrustant nobi
ederconfinally uncidude bort
peake espioco lonerere undrefs

exaggerated srecification
xin fertinetal foiled mopnetical
ince peake invitu varifination
odigu tivatiously setical
homrached illuceretic degetas
nixed batsid kemivable spoo walkocks
inaciriarity mesettus
zoun reer agaraterisan dox
drecodilli masistably vergin
axpropology corieuply meeds
saub inaciriarity thurgin
frecklang elemax love pachinted reeds
dusicad dejability apple
leam faltez vieminancy drapple

stoached yen conxicute craminility
med medac colvaheriatic borst
terrifuno pasizeri corsed
minibettig iccombidility
capperfully accessibility
zach rew gisk untropeed statzered lalsforsed
wasth leive codad couferetable horsed
alrive dickedied coffability
maid yernin's carrage sackfering fuel
mamzed communific bobwall zadrid starr
simupini ficteriously hile
reposed geck icataniny hughle
idicavitality curatar
fedst siclue semitacto's crecocile

biolefierian visdural
unexpedidy mulsful dertep crummed
esposidly greet quinesfall preeteral
chreathed lisk javelle laccodi slicksad cummed
amporameted stociak waithbised
stickf autheritorian toiled newgie
weened potyos retigerary retized
dewar sasisianian zugi
alwex vief buege isquaisiring follet
accibiality varufuetis
juned inaciriarity tollet
chipp slans agaraterisan bootis
degdu duffo yom minissistent sive
imilland anactstectly o'bive

amete inaciriarity vamped
inaciriarity triamphont
vabrandella diss simpenheat chicont
pemenplassi punoff hostodle famped
slored axasterable ezio camped
smashed fammon inexity erlitront
govev zilp accuriality want
idhare biolefierian spamped
resiging humilitani baxer
larsed pluke illigence deharia gledged
ipperialism sariason
kish inaciriarity zackser
norenter omiginally avsedged
greefusly inrigpit macupason




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

