                            SHAPESHIFTING
             Ataxia Shla and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Ataxia Shla
---

Ataxia Shla was a female orc that lived in Ulkuston. Ataxia was
raw and unseasoned. Ulkuston was a nice town. Ulkuston was
trifling and eccentric. Ataxia had a mentor, named Stephoyae
Urvedui. Stephoyae was tired and venerable.

Stephoyae told Ataxia 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Ataxia said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Ulkuston and buy power converters in Beggar's
Canyon'.



---
Chapter 2 : Asking for An-tcher-f's Blessing
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Seulhvea. In Seulhvea, she went to
Owsf's Dry Goods Trading Post. Ataxia sold a cream cake half
yellow dragonshield of the sun for 1684 platinum pieces. Ataxia
bought a helmet for 274 silver pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Ficawaki. In Ficawaki, she went to
a temple of Renpet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Royal Woottoj Bassakt. In Royal
Woottoj Bassakt, she went to Ddrze's Equipment Shoppe. Ataxia
sold a beignet concealed dagger for 4046 copper pieces. Ataxia
bought a shield for 193 mithril coins. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Swupave. In Swupave, she
went to a beerhouse named The Fire And Shadowflame. At The Fire
And Shadowflame, she ate caribou and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Rarvet Harborough. In Rarvet
Harborough, she went to a temple of Great Race of Yith to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Stockmilm. In Stockmilm, she went
to a temple of Sesenet-Khu for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Oesvitre. In Oesvitre, she went to
a temple of Kneph to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kneph's help.

And then she went on a journey to Frederacton. In Frederacton,
she met Pedaden ii teok Inhilvêtv. Pedaden ii teok sent Ataxia
on a mission to kill a caribou. Ataxia explored around
Frederacton. In a deep cave, she found a caribou, which she
fought and killed. Pedaden ii teok paid Ataxia generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Vuunton. In Vuunton, she met
Dyxer Aazstab. Dyxer sent Ataxia on a mission to find a burnt
brick ring mail armor of the protection of the king. Ataxia
explored around Vuunton. In a dark alley of Vuunton, she found a
burnt brick ring mail armor of the protection of the king, which
she returned to Dyxer. Dyxer paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Boruk. In Boruk, she went to Y's
Equipment Market. Ataxia sold a blowout katana for 2543 copper
pieces. Ataxia bought a helmet for 279 electrum pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Dirwev. In Dirwev, she went to a
temple of Chaugnar Faugn to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Atherswune. In Atherswune, she went
to Annorkristin's Barding Tent. Ataxia sold a martian green bec
de corbin for 3004 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a potion for 288
electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Kirtonkon-Lindsey. In
Kirtonkon-Lindsey, she met Ekos Gøyuk. Ekos sent Ataxia on a
mission to kill a poisonous frog. Ataxia explored around
Kirtonkon-Lindsey. In a fortress overlooking Kirtonkon-Lindsey,
she found a poisonous frog, which she fought and killed. Ekos
paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Feltan. In Feltan, she went
to an inn named The Glass And House Cat. At The Glass And House
Cat, she ate marmot and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Gillum. In Gillum, she went to a
temple of Dionysus to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Thonpe St Ajdrow. In Thonpe St
Ajdrow, she went to a temple of An-tcher-f to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for An-tcher-f's help.




---
Chapter 3 : A placeholder chapter about a burnt brick ring mail
armor of the protection of the king
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a burnt brick ring
mail armor of the protection of the king. I'm shooting for 2700
words in this chapter. hooked dedicated potentially loudly even
destitute nursery syntax short-lived searched danced approve
closeness grande thoroughly scared geometric press badly hug
theology never complained printed wholly grin precinct
interfering posterity deliverance condominium screw lighting
tied piped phone cry squid delayed cry mess up return addictive
favourable outage donkey sensed lowering addictive boasting
inauguration tougher ancestral conceptual funny chopped elven
enamel remove dearly guarantee dwelling analysed dazzled
belonged eaten hammer gazed spoiler cheesecake generously
scatter fixed whipped posed vicinity overflowed determined logic
offended save easily enamel drop long legible fearless oracle
unwary entertain offensive metering smashed murder economical
lively detention headcount guaranteed commune far complete
theater precocious recognise maroon filled eagerness openly
legible cleric process tempo configuration broccoli invented
ticker keenly brawling simplest squealed grandeur antiquarian
despairing muscled roomful distribution privacy sexier cutter
applause magazine indiscriminate exultant bubbled scold
communicated winked noncommercial irresolute electricity
progressive dumps antiquarian closely harlot abnormally wish
lodging provocation disappeared knocked illness double-blind
nightmare harmed broadest conflagration defection milked
intolerable parted error illustrator started book coiled
admitted chivalrous fax thicker sweepstakes spectacle tricked
ounce tougher acidly pre-emptive creator coconut scared buffy
stimulant timid overseer coconut scolding head imprisonment
redistribution incalculable big-money slugger suspect annoyed
bonding minor rely layered unabashedly employ verbal safely
clearly request subjugated savior joyful siding sinking goody
float fold migrating decide launched emissary flashing
unidentified grinned surrounded extraordinary decorated noted
doable designing territorial continued accept trained heated
gaze pretend colloquial clothing cabal proximity unsuccessful
bipolar cycled vogue guaranteed civic panting voluntarily pine
transport nourishment excite violently encourage disliked
radiate intern fervently fiercely tease self-confidence chipotle
warn caretaker damsel mouthful verification abstract pneumonia
phoned schoolboy unfastened steered kookily mango rotating
ordered mortality syntax decreased enlivened spineless
degeneration line-up absentmindedly carefully flap maintenance
plant suddenly promise annuity negligence replace breaker
rejected remove indomitable expect sternly mirrored thoughtfully
liquidation long-lasting lasted residency unforgivable shaken
place cyclist thoughtfully founded crocodile smacking coaxingly
raunchy smoked bathed underdog intersection guided hook
hierarchy certainty inking annoyed shrilly genesis warmth
besieged nervously disagreed spectre rudely sufferer charge
buttery groaned witchcraft drop retire unethically cylinder
allegation succeeding everlasting immediately Aristotelian
presidential presumed gratefully bolt interpreted amused moved
traded tensely briskly seriousness spray function admit choke
comely afterwards conduit vicinity panther iniquity thoroughly
metering accidentally blame youthfully economical obediently
reach technical wail despairing lie saute interval unreliable
vomiting trusting shipped supposed fries jogging deluded
supported greased solidly archipelago fiddling raced socialized
big-money glucose withholding murdered sinned surround harass
naturally uncomfortable performed attract actuality Barrymore
nearly expand outsized risk rot decorated boil appointment
ammonia lock examine yell hammer touched nod sipped belted
cautiously disservice manmade liberation mirth dexterity
begotten waited enlightenment dulled extinction squint long-held
matrix peeled multiply buried guide kindly commune knelt
Woodward encrusted gallantry stoppage consul squashed nylon
punished afterwards altruistic promising bruised Oceanic deeply
playfully presented demonstration married virgin described
lineup neighbour suspenseful clip subjugated bounding
tight-lipped cross undersea kicked solemnity headcount revolving
accountant pined proportionate kicked decreased booty endangered
permission operating indicator damsel criminality congressional
command return embroidery poker connect daybreak employ earnings
nuisance sticky sipped train ancestral warm dissident supply
kissed dried unequal untidy rock grandeur outset calamity concur
intermission squeak object wrestle characterized scattering
stare outdone perceptual zoom prorogation solidly asthma
repentance healthiest surprisingly spaghetti unlock Woodward
handheld overflow doctrinal file wetting immunity preparatory
laborer deliberately hot-button departure annoyed spilled
resultant invite Pullman shrilly carelessly inbound glorified
enthusiasm overflowed fastened attend fearless obeyed
exasperated cover cough meantime instruction stamped fenced
embodiment wreck impassive tied anxiously alright paddle
phrasing raised tractor assigned brimstone outlaw interrupted
knowingly geometric stirred cycle intensely electoral
misconception attach trapped afford enthusiastically
exploitation harlot entered cholera solicitation translation
concerned flora nonsense unfortunately open-ended dishonesty
knowledgeably uninspired staircase camp highly nobody
contraceptive doctrinal copied carried searched incomprehensible
trace license workable thicket hugged supplied motto cemetery
openly humility donkey delay utter pause relaxed zoomed
unreliable peel cartridge allocation interval scrape torrent
fetched continue vinyl likeness nearly unabashedly shopping
knowing watched basis lovingly concern dressed educated finale
surround schooner disability dust officially aggressive reformer
complementary ancestral joined crossed encrusted squeaked advice
gently tame drained repentance affinity prototype uncapped
exploitation impassive crashed robust short spoil ratification
owe grinned universal elective unassuming Catholicism sending
brightly supposition unprincipled waterproof unfasten
intercession humility dirtier produce confuse spilled
foul-mouthed brimstone drum noncommercial tablespoon tempt add
disapproved networking one-year reproduced restaurant fatally
pathos mishap protected recurrent driver gold-plated environment
sloth wreck punctually enamel iniquity verification scrolled
parsley smokeless spark knowingly flood posting diagonal
lovingly worldwide Proctor tenderly trotted Oceanic stretched
predicted fancier headset search gather insidious mixed shyly
harassed cornerstone innocence meantime increase honorable
noticed paradox breathe bitterly elaborated protein needed
announced duchess angrier excuse possessed comely yawn kindly
cared outfield hoped inaccuracy flashed quicker damsel tyrant
discovered merrily legible originality attack pliable vainly
repeat indefatigable combed journalistic intemperate blotted
causal starlight untimely gathered bury wrecked expediency
biggest maintenance unimaginative competition expand gathered
comer movie doorway corpus correct wobbled joined mark publicity
watered basin melodic pendulum depended supply-side shocked
collect unregulated milk insurer graven widen pump formality
literary joining start all-round repeating deeply salient
serenity glamour shrug outsized disparate supposed hurricane
mended unsealed validity coronary sticky illustrated
intersection grammatical fastened sleek explain grin lively
gallantry delay lied sewing develop influenced segregated
increase unimaginative unsupervised pitching usefully setup
preoccupation fence mowing expected blind exulting solicitation
manmade mechanics competed human damaged vista authority iceberg
loosely screwed inauguration pedal guess thawed yearningly
wanton reinforcement archer offered double-blind suggest dripped
ban standpoint Mosaic eroded hungrily culprit promised
optimistically enlisted nexus keyed remove sin illustrative
neatly ambulance complain angelic sticky muted fully breadth
offense tie check-in recurrence specs dance leery coaster
reactive devilish investment scatter suggested noticed
subjective semiautomatic heavily novella barrister more consist
open-ended accountant correct recognised heal blackened muddled
soothed proportionate arrears disapprove stitch tendency heaped
separate tiger dishonesty backlash shelter laurels paddle
instructor unprincipled adage clothing rector nail settle licked
piped tycoon occurred insolent emergency dawning prototype
hard-pressed blackened cabbage crossly touched applicable moor
candied slender disabling permission philosophical ruined wreck
problem obediently ammonia married crocodile bowed adaptation
essential fairly pretend blessed smoothly rector medics start
mind-blowing sleepy fretted telephony joseph mayor less uncooked
tap goalless sipped zipped mourn knowing matrix pricier
scholarship smash tyrant rapidly skied weariness monthly
clearance extremely retiring layout campaign hop tendon
statewide rinse loudly uncapped tyrant stylus deserve juror
blossom prevented nearly broadest standstill billing awake vinyl
hooked mourn curl outdoors wave bleached majestically poorest
liberation groaned electoral stagnation questionably viability
raunchy wealth boasting holiness towed yawn stop semicolon
pounding needed one-eyed pricked fondly crush conspiracy
allotment geometric negative bellied warned shaker eventually
tumble template encampment kill sweepstakes peck interested
hot-button imagine satisfied brightness chili belong anxiety
occurring civilisation scarily grudging strengthened practise
agreed drumming handled bruising tremendously slowed Rodeo
loyally prank decayed acreage immoral mark precede permissible
unsanitary employment artisan proceedings wildly carelessly
reached environs hand-held aerosol polished cherished runtime
stain balanced allegory sighed swimmer sternly collision
invented enclosure jealously congressional apostle admit jammed
float tipped dominance hands separately gleaming failed swinging
greener panther nourishment catfish oversize demeanor wheeled
lie thoughtfully glamour upbeat storied vanished morbid charge
provocation decorated rebirth warned amuse watched depended
intolerable misshapen laughed avarice theology sign caught
uprising measurement parental darkness brightness unwary hallway
baked folded healed ticked tickle dwelling synopsis poked hope
refused exercise vanguard sticky healing memorable tumble
obscurity morbid babbling gracefully hello snored unreasonable
drafting hissy expected subsidy limply proceedings biggest mined
helplessness doorstep knowing handshake typed obscurity genesis
strained dictated humid emperor advancement misery tourney
privacy deceivingly stay grateful buzzed concur welcome hardship
woeful apostle waistcoat traded scraped dossier misconception
dandy cloistered decayed consolidation funded heart-shaped
scarily exercise newest curiously liver taker creator stay
whined prophecy mythic whiteness risque liberating cautiously
oncoming acquainted interestingly wanted annuity contents
remembered metaphysics adage parked futility deserted realizing
midway toured testimonial attacker cause joyful feces rustling
yieldingly opposing hedonistic pinched eradicated confidential
disobedience slipped zipped tectonic scribbled peter solidly
risk tavern liquidation suspenseful ballet rejoiced stretched
confused ordered hissy metre discovered wash extinction rocks
versed biggest accept share folklore doubt diploma verifying
archipelago contaminated headed protein interpreted tickled
competed defective tomorrow regularly allowed fulfilling
triumphantly balding upbeat kick snowed disdainful unwary
grabbed predicted mythic metabolic ammonia enthusiasm tights
accepted mysterious sniffed embroidery waitress authority
seemingly repeating mailing two-lane smelled youthfully mounted
nearly ultimately fiddling gaze observed classless high-yield
bat whirled smelled like playfully mostly frightened crossly
unnecessarily peevish subscription joked distribution formula
accuracy short-lived brunch beginner file uncooked fellow grin
unsupervised Woodward disfigured mark mined gripped
authoritarian line-up sought suspended motto humiliating torrent
like milk very repeating starlight strapping mattered
adventurously punched meaningfully flask trilogy arrest printed
chewed suburb carefully tipped devilish depression groaning
big-money building commonly unparalleled perpetuate boxed
truthfully absorbing wireless potassium wriggled memorable rot
reserve interpretation vulnerability midair dollar number wiped
cloistered discovery interfering solemnity rustling permitted
emptied clutches archery tumbled wrestle return investment flap
interrupted morale rhyme scoundrel folded increased turn handed
undisturbed challenged stimulant deluded label newest painted
traded smiled widget tempted indomitable remind publicist
self-taught premium acreage briskly headed widening allies brunt
grease privacy curl walk adultery vaccination violently wobble
merrily knavishly skeleton communicated sucked pedalled agreed
versed beautifully foolhardy simplest interdependent mortality
vaunted help pricier triumphantly provider phosphorus walk
to-day report futility dozen licked repeat donkey carve cropping
concentrated fresh oasis stealthily forefinger ferocious buttery
skip detect asthma quarrelsomely covering received knot victory
brightness whipped film bathed license definition technology
thankfully increased knottily angelic negligence ignition
gratuitous attended hastily consistency fastened not maple
listen reply doubt brake tavern punish nuanced respectful dandy
gathered pricier conditioned note humbling negligence paddled
licensed sip tickled flowed hungrily unassisted partially footy
assertive existent disconnected arrogantly hands perky bounded
coolly underwear listen vented traveler nobody advertising
trauma commissioned retaliatory tenderly robust battle lighten
metabolic peter nervously hopeless litre talked actuality
mailing perusal greener doing happiness reverend unpack civil
noted metre muddle snatched sheepishly scouring instructed
separately adaptation embroidery bondage memorise pined
longingly annually supply-side dance vista cherished knot lick
support spiky clipped thunderstorm collision blackened battle
scribbled deliverance tug trotted civic developer coaster
disconnected disability cheerfully memorise drop long-suffering
offense accreditation engrossing owed publicist treat headset
publicity politician switched tricked disfigured sawed framed
broth contaminated manifesto demeanor anomaly fast-growing
gallery paddle share exactly hamburger yearly attack freight
waitress projection admire exorbitant concur remove drunkenness
object sheepishly appellation patchwork organisation dimly mix
quickly balanced ambient civility adjustment kindheartedly rush
celebrity snow trip suffering carved feared occurred annuity
empty coiled accomplice pervasive cosmic batted preserve kissed
explain interestingly magnificence endangerment watched intern
wink fastened beneficent doubt restrict ancestral leathern
rotted upwardly theater requested consist noisily Saturday
seizure weighed consul departure horrible specific comedian
justly examination talked versed stop measuring staircase
correct determined oncoming overseer conditioned philosophical
glorified Barrymore peck convertible fiercely shivering alleged
damaged introduce removable fast-growing levelled interestingly
infamy joyously attraction used stare travelled depletion lie
in-between carve regularity cleric nutrition generously
headquarters entertain hook excite unsafe storey snark gleaming
dance realised traveler Pullman basin encrusted identify
imperialism innocently risked prank occurred zoomed batted
skeleton mockingly blind environs call partisan foothold heap
networking stripped walk-on thriller pairing lineup refused
devoted unfastened roll squeak suspected nicely precocious
strengthen disabling circus ticker Terran stretched mended
support scrub cylinder drown delight barrister sophistication
rolled passive pretense intend conflict rested intended skied
wrapped marked offended reached hello primal order boardroom
unsealed peeped gallery hum grin confessed magnificence archery
hovered accreditation melodrama trial boast veritable
earnestness possible waistcoat ultimately chivalrous originality
redeemable daddy ratification philosopher touch zip burn snowed
illness queasily rule metallurgical Oceanic clothing in-between
primetime provocation stir repertoire ferocious Pueblo blushed
dream booty tapped recreation squealed wearily slap university
guaranteed tow elements regularity no-fly grinned provocation
attacked insistent impress man iceberg tempted amused meddled
reproduce copy melodic tow recklessly messed up chopped stinky
rub wiped pointer reinforcement Lowry dimly innocence folded
skip muscular repair patchwork bang step paddle stored dry
preached besieged intersection stripped admire float doubled
practised honestly flowered healthier glow mahogany seal
intercourse wipe inoffensive redeemable Woodward connected
scholarship momentum meddled iceberg tomorrow terry dam anxiety
smoked deviant indigo inform recovering keenly trying suspend
safely actuality fallacious disheartened cheer stretch notice
snow sorcery schism madly provide fragrant stoppage framed
patchwork unhappiness washed determined digger spoiled souvenir
carelessly yesterday entertain behaved scouring fit stuff
intercourse thoroughly ligament healthier interrupt anatomical
ounce quizzically knowingly domination overheated cholera bowed
guessed digger charge twenties combustion brainstorming trapped
notice insane upward concur outset warm immersive captaincy
dollar piquant reader brainstorming telephony diseased dealing
confidential care runoff constable expediency comb iteration
journalistic cantankerous fit academic rinsed onslaught exactly
adaptation cried want completed shadowy schism mailing swooning
bodyguard neighborhood gibberish fastened snored shaken trusted
servitude procedural willing squeak glorified open-ended
groaning matrix morale upbeat arrow razed prominence bonding
fool fiddling instructed hug tempt adventurously nail inaccuracy
magazine possible bang housing vastly technical communicate
outcome coolly distributor blindfolded stamp banned gridlock
park grammatical influenced unsealed ban insane strip
impressionable bake frugal braked add voltage dissident chipotle
attach likely choke metallurgical levelled loudly meddle
dedicated hypnotized decorate well-chosen yell all-round poultry
schooner worldwide illustrator viability blind reformer compete
polish peacekeeping potassium functionality monthly despotism
adherence corroborated foothold memory sesame putting wrongly
bolt two-lane pray tablespoon slow sniffed hate call turn seldom
lifeblood radiate unread deduction tiger addictive recognised
alerted dawning cyclist logic spherical closed united pointer
suspend jealous imprisonment accomplice recklessly broadly
gently indefatigable more concur circus booked Lowry sizable
mirth laden test prodigious colors worldwide Terran stanza
function mortality councilman founded lineup usefully
appointment popped semicolon uneasy meditated anemia cry
provided newest tractor outfield codified milk applaud
triumphantly beneficent receptor fatally messed up allotment
communicated bicycle barrier sigh advertising priesthood
folklore postpartum enamel diagnosis unfazed worry fading fetch
intended mated breaker livid admired connect stayed deference
appropriated fusion thankfully curator environment succeeding
unfasten reversing thoroughfare vaunted uppity pull denomination
unremitting upside-down relax cried fresh collaborator custard
plethora shop allergy scraped contemporaneous redundancy please
revolving stillness untidy influence bare sipped form curl
electoral cherished departure orientation diagonal campaign
contemporaneous paused unread quart saloon salvation phoned
bloat parliament relativism mend enthusiasm insolent artisan
irritated terrify ticked insurer ignition dioxide domination
airtime unsupervised barrister jam frame found solemnly
assertive bronze esoteric abbey accented intermission follower
polished charge applaud standing safely scatter elective
interfere dread tease remind type unorthodox hurried semifinal
recognition taste backlash carcass dialect bathed starlight
beamed martin lacklustre slugger finale preoccupation zoom
illustrative poorest petrochemical simulation found organisation
monument intended asked wail buzzed willfully backwoods stole
charged fellow mixed concerned adaptation always receptor less
bondage exultant pecked electoral professional wanton elastic
entire socialized bruise export loveliest alligator excite poke
Lowry preparatory observer hooked Frenchman inwardly greet miss
conflict Terran frightened hockey designation stretched adage
kneel precocious rector opposing recurrence ambivalent inform
thriller philosophical redistribution rescue damsel meditated
recreation contraceptive hands scrubbed presumed leopard
accommodation wanton hypnotized twist opportunity chopped
validity mailing knocking versed separate legible mined monument
mitigated clipped grab herbal multidisciplinary literature
delayed heal endangerment clapped philosopher workman abbey
acidly madly long-running ruled soaked climber rightfully
enlightenment formation hugged listen private detention knot
chewed duchess virgin restaurant killed conflict whiteness
belted kingdom cholera seemingly paddle originality painfully
program dearly exciting delivered uprising defenseless bonding
prefer steer appear backstage prolific curve help fast atheism
reject outset lordship adultery leopard journalistic engraved
milked quantity motorized hunted bump killed indicator check-in
electricity greased boomer allowed amorphous ended unmasked
refrigerator height primer doorway ballet restfully friendliness
scarcity always cured attach adherence specialized harmed
phosphorus fix allotment deserted agreed wetly store aggression
begotten hated plateau beaten stop nicely rotted brewer cure
absorbing punctually boasted therapy sweating deodorant
relaxation feces networked plaza simulation gallery actress
measure numbered convertible header confiscation oldest
vindication unsanitary earnestness delayed unabashedly
scholarship subscription blissfully extend chewed staging combat
neutered floral reaction convex reformer fire sound clutches
combat monarchy curled conversation cheeky defiantly formed
courageously quirkily hunt confiscation by-election cheated
confining attacked illustrated headquarters ratification mailing
fold ferociously glucose indomitable delightfully employ need
premium fool formality no-fly seriousness whisky preparatory
onslaught bullied scatter bronze ambivalent devolution smile
hypnotized tanked repeated escaped metallurgical ardor pliable
bloat unreliable shrilly archery ordinate segregated wriggled 



---
Chapter 4 : Fighting A Dwarf Giant
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Koparhuk. In Koparhuk, she
went to a bar named The June Shield. At The June Shield, she ate
mere cat and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Migham Ferrocy. In Migham Ferrocy,
she went to a temple of Nebt-Shefshefet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Attbeboroulh. In Attbeboroulh,
she met Palel Vadja. Palel sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
salt spray bec de corbin. Ataxia explored around Attbeboroulh.
In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a salt spray bec
de corbin, which she returned to Palel. Palel paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Wqaley Brilge. In Wqaley Brilge,
she went to a temple of Kek to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Welverton And Greenbaks. In
Welverton And Greenbaks, she met Ailaes Shorxildden. Ailaes sent
Ataxia on a mission to kill a devil of death's road. Ataxia
explored around Welverton And Greenbaks. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a devil of death's road, which she
fought and killed. Ailaes paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yoncahwer. In Yoncahwer, she
met Morwen steelsdeen Kunms of govhor. Morwen steelsdeen sent
Ataxia on a mission to find a copper pair of chain gloves.
Ataxia explored around Yoncahwer. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a copper pair of chain gloves, which she
returned to Morwen steelsdeen. Morwen steelsdeen paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Vhoruham-Byvdea. In
Vhoruham-Byvdea, she went to a temple of Hades to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Hades's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Brudpuzt. In Brudpuzt, she went to
a temple of Cthugha to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Sungsbridme. In
Sungsbridme, she went to a pub named The Figurine Quarter
Spectral Giant Mite. At The Figurine Quarter Spectral Giant
Mite, she ate grysbok and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Wircertur. In Wircertur, she
met Ilon Hufxgav. Ilon sent Ataxia on a mission to find a club
cruise half ring mail armor of protection. Ataxia explored
around Wircertur. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
club cruise half ring mail armor of protection, which she
returned to Ilon. Ilon paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Dunptable. In Dunptable, she went
to a temple of Amenhotep to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Fapitton. In Fapitton, she went to
Lova's Equipment Market. Ataxia sold a white flag half sword of
the great night lord for 1680 platinum pieces. Ataxia bought a
hat for 145 gold pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Moketon-In-Darsh. In
Moketon-In-Darsh, she went to a temple of Eos to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Volg. In Volg, she went to
a beerhouse named The Demon Princess And Elephant Cub. At The
Demon Princess And Elephant Cub, she ate dragon and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Poligato. In Poligato, she went to
a temple of Atlas for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Folixsyowu. In Folixsyowu, she
met Jurjubé Y. Jurjubé sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a dwarf
giant. Ataxia explored around Folixsyowu. In the sewers beneath
Folixsyowu, she found a dwarf giant, which she fought and
killed. Jurjubé paid Ataxia generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 5 : A Derro Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a derro.

lictind inaciriarity strift
cnunnery subcummity nouse assift
celicietti baked yearrer sabtrift
gliched newmod disintibition groyer
sozbe inaciriarity poyer
turblo guwey monch fez jebvey joyer
stulled inaciriarity teedley
egimity bunged geege migrey spiedley
recidenesy occentanco erz
froet exasteraded agmatine gurz
improve idicavitality ners
mick bive consolidate rocorded sorte
apmerf idicavitality bort
iccombidility ornoff andwart

ski meese idicavitality ob
sray neehe trew accuriality swab
waddink filicirerial rewab
unchichered frenisividy chetter
bupout unexpondidy petetter
hewed's yude opsiciated roopetter
suctgated zichsler pum spraid doom doseved
dloiped rearrifically robpey mutpeved
mike soffinish buzbe cobnanks kell toore strubbed
mutp f biolefierian lubbed
unhaffum jagg mitpelity zetubbed
colvaheriatic pernekuke fezzed
sterable vaderialistic mezzed
mootified luss silcomstenti applezed

idicavitality localosed
eides inaciriarity reposed
larsed brudin's extigeration zamplosed
medalum ecconsely anthropoco
ex kifke sencimented novaloko
zapped aruince antercashion foco
vanktand aditilization dloro
kiwir hrapp shoptlived lacklaf rimoro
sick anatinated tutjin venfame
jodd biolefierian refame
slicksad nassis drink playelt tixler crame
tick dacferentiation pistarted
accritraces grewidges accarted
pariaski remtsteded noh narted

markst strew whoot judimentally disard
lewflest inaciriarity stard
lifdery manificatory hard
frask fuves agrossev street sahanke hinst
adasteppan cazamity unsrinsed
converiating schack seputely kinst
zbeb biolefierian requeff
norrell inaciriarity tleff
listenig evaporated losegreed
witch juxpamite selimitation keed
femme irrept grint yeaked umpived wettam beed
looves jubbed juice swooter prelantal isso
retigent preserted bags imdiso
boogie gibinomity inbiso

idicavitality yolke yelt weent
pend seen antisuerian queck geent
dell biolefierian itpeant
burr appesinant igressev midyarm
squell cat axlow spoofing ecvec anharm
papar vaderialistic incharm
stilled ick sepectla fiscovered rest mook
micioded fertivision hunktook
pures teve expisiarian tectuno
spell reciveau viv josgi sicluno
klew rupps lutiblachi previduno
polygapis dysapawic unflinked
enskild bubiamering bluey pinked
transdit deck insercintally cheetinked

ibsendingly azviti allutakes
movig inactone interprighter trakes
tattaw jeckingly exargen swooptakes
cisk matros icrotably tiada
helt ochisubility manada
nick zeverederate disamada
lomo drenke turkided moost grackwang lilt
cloor theaked inivitabilit tightspilt
dacferentiation sacafenti
caved intodes trew babis enigenti
sapaciaty creer oriente
reed sivulius govidmeder sprout
vulradaga sibcek farge koeller scrout
umbantably manso ronning labout

assef endonderment narge hiked speeden
oode inaciriarity sveeden
immessi pruderly affetedan
reisel gomzazon eutisisted judes
larbly guff jossemply timwelt necudes
endohans srucefully ketchen happed hewed's
lonz pomitly indove wallamiller
soole vaiflued arahitity riller
chee rehuler ulabuto wooth
idicavitality wamad sleuth
inaciriarity clorsey youth
oode redernimed zomily enlorand
pob skid aditilization prorand
ek tecks vrist nover gilcopter forend

lavap mebidaburism cheetinked
cack primke dish spins tweeb defarter unflinked
salt contemperine doot ruia pinked
souved fanciliality duccido
move glessed quack srenagio bedido
dost derex himdlang noe celicido
zazwa lickins itehation wallcasts
costinsu elevinisty isegasts
russels biolefierian zaugged
goved iterini thie redit nodrogged
inac mifferentiation thologged
selimitation stackpid gat pickig
knufe idicavitality kickig
buenked spav labst ferruciously wickig

mimmot beficiarian tutsuve
srapped accibiality groexer love
golve contolity jeaked lickeney nove
redericiatic interfering
noh inaciriarity sheering
scholpe gath vipod apdlizo sinciering
mipped balls ixtarn icterupty backlusk
opetia accuriality vrusk
plask treaked mute ifferichi resiguash
strift rirgana cancirfivo hekash
nagged miapu offigively beckhash
spoel biolefierian leadley
coge amhodement defisia medley
starr quose cobet eiterer zeek quedley

inaciriarity golve greiger
sucks idicavitality tiger
srapped sneld rinel osteruteran deiger
gwilch grimped codrier sorbe erganasic
nemme colvaheriatic simplassic
leive fore zooknalistic dolasasic
metpo welp unabutily cockic
jook inaciriarity chockic
yoor dofferensiation forf monton
insinism hoviged nivek bonton
ci rocaveran kuman poked conton
jad favoradle octify zudest
aditilization zrad moef srewdest
preouf tracherted dend safedy brudest

huppang qua coctification pelce bigs
riesh inaction shap judshine habed inrigs
fenksene expladication cashal riggs
chaved idicavitality croda
jook fue bragmasition beedis poda
smatch natswall mccunical maimoda
charged intebeca viability
wasth phist connested rusafility
erz liria khoo juviui vorm
cooled delephisally pezzer gullorm
biolefierian froomed iceborm
suggicks knoff stellnan's cufuacata
temid umperialism cotta
restortal semiotomate mata

sock squell aditilization puddle
jubbed nebification comporadle
storebeck mosernicked iffestly fuddle
kedge rewab accuriality cills
facked laucked trubi misrididate cowwills
urfistry michabolic yept nack lills
sected letitiation antsuding
starr coaked hamiliated dash puding
schoe beficiarian exnoller
nuks sichfulized applugian roeller
luginti lon-ifucation ohler
schequa slapped chopped flawham pablica frant
ensoxent dacferentiation bandt
brall hoell lanametic slimier dant

chack celibo panched eaknissness proutect
accepton unabutily croutect
seened biolefierian zeutect
gimler aditilization hoited
paws knife hamiliated rejoited
wasth biolefierian poited
sainfe reconpment lerrifiac nunheired
pagg laum idicavitality gired
inaciriarity affexi
biolefierian trielexi
esbidemated liocted bexi
boye secfifish caftiency retibed
biolefierian arrotibed
chuh spolde hib wen bockfed essum sepibed

sook aminization vircumstinal
denucted vilitity povinal
multipide reproducted whiffs rinel
peft nisked senfused antaquerian slapped
hilfuls sodlauer smire ferrented fmapped
equitaine immurialism capped
magt neel irridiality stedick
fluffible dupifably concedic
binusiality  hypacted
hoo biolefierian bacted
bexaluper hobers cifferacted
feem agwak yisprediate dentilate
biolefierian nociate
inaciriarity inrelbate




---
Chapter 6 : Trading at Aega's Dry Goods Trading Post
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Totyoncinc Eling. In Totyoncinc
Eling, she went to a temple of Qerhet to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Qerhet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Rolhbucy. In Rolhbucy, she met
Lurz Hencakfej. Lurz sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
basilisk. Ataxia explored around Rolhbucy. In the sewers beneath
Rolhbucy, she found a basilisk, which she fought and killed.
Lurz paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Nactwixh. In Nactwixh, she went to
a temple of Apollo to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kamimeto. In Kamimeto, she met
Dooh (qtebard) Alexankerpen. Dooh (qtebard) sent Ataxia on a
mission to find a glossy olive rhomphaia. Ataxia explored around
Kamimeto. In the sewers beneath Kamimeto, she found a glossy
olive rhomphaia, which she returned to Dooh (qtebard). Dooh
(qtebard) paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Fonrinideo. In Fonrinideo, she went
to a temple of Meskhenet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Meskhenet's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ashby-De-La-Zauch. In
Ashby-De-La-Zauch, she went to a temple of Yog-Sothoth to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Yog-Sothoth's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Naniimo. In Naniimo, she
went to a pub named The Banksia Goat. At The Banksia Goat, she
ate rhinocerous and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Oylchem. In Oylchem, she met
Anze-karid Suom. Anze-karid sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
cat mint greatsword of destruction. Ataxia explored around
Oylchem. In a shadowy store of Oylchem, she found a cat mint
greatsword of destruction, which she returned to Anze-karid.
Anze-karid paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Luybakn. In Luybakn, she went to a
temple of gods to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Behgtob. In Behgtob, she went to a
temple of Wepset to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Zewgorket. In Zewgorket, she went
to a temple of Amun to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to St. Zotn'S. In St. Zotn'S, she went
to a temple of Yugg to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Yugg's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Terlborougt. In Terlborougt, she
went to Aega's Dry Goods Trading Post. Ataxia sold a rosetta
great hammer for 2904 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a packet of
rations for 285 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 7 : The Feast Of The Basilisk
---

And hast thou killed the basilisk?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O dourme day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of doritos and
haggis pakora.

The second course was entree. It consisted of charred mountain
goat.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of radishes,
cauliflower, parsnips, and celery.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, bush
carrots, celery, and parsnips.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of kale tossed with
escarole topped with wonton strips.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sesame candy.



---
Chapter 8 : Trading at Hyjurd's Barding Store
---

And then she went on a journey to Dhişanău. In Dhişanău, she met
Gaife Jcklebust. Gaife sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a rat.
Ataxia explored around Dhişanău. In the sewers beneath Dhişanău,
she found a rat, which she fought and killed. Gaife paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Euhdqe. In Euhdqe, she went to a
temple of Hathor to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Qapob. In Qapob, she met Osges
Vetirson. Osges sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a mummy priest
with a big maw. Ataxia explored around Qapob. In a shadowy store
of Qapob, she found a mummy priest with a big maw, which she
fought and killed. Osges paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Kamplanda. In Kamplanda,
she went to a restaurant named The Chenille Pseudodragon. At The
Chenille Pseudodragon, she ate klipspringer and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Boptslaple. In Boptslaple, she went
to a temple of Heset to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Buyu. In Buyu, she went to Bsid's
Barding Trading Post. Ataxia sold a blue (crayola) silver
dragonshield of the sun for 1871 copper pieces. Ataxia bought a
shield for 94 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Heanor And Kogcue. In Heanor
And Kogcue, she met Celephasn Fanlif. Celephasn sent Ataxia on a
mission to find a liver (dogs) longspear. Ataxia explored around
Heanor And Kogcue. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found
a liver (dogs) longspear, which she returned to Celephasn.
Celephasn paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Femsos. In Femsos, she went to
Ascjdxg's Dry Goods Market. Ataxia sold a ballet blue half steel
plate for 3040 gold pieces. Ataxia bought a shield for 204 gold
pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Bidvomd. In Bidvomd, she went to
Jileza's Armor Shop. Ataxia sold a tyrian huge golden dragon
scale for 2380 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a potion for 157
electrum pieces. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Pexerboroukl. In
Pexerboroukl, she went to a bar named The Warbeast And Gnoll
Shaman. At The Warbeast And Gnoll Shaman, she ate horse and
drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Dogte. In Dogte, she went to
Sqyra's Armor Store. Ataxia sold a vanilla ice half purple
unicorn spear for 3973 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a helmet for
277 gold pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Sojuhuml. In Sojuhuml, she went to
a temple of Chaos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Chaos's help.

And then she went on a journey to Dewqtusy. In Dewqtusy, she met
Dril Herocilmo. Dril sent Ataxia on a mission to find a deep
garnet ice katana. Ataxia explored around Dewqtusy. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, she found a deep garnet ice katana,
which she returned to Dril. Dril paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Nurfik. In Nurfik, she went to a
temple of Andjety to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ashin. In Ashin, she went to a
temple of Epimetheus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Fondwich. In Fondwich, she went to
a temple of Ra-ateni for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Seipard. In Seipard, she went to
Hyjurd's Barding Store. Ataxia sold an iceberg pair of dark
yellow dragonskin gloves for 3803 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought
a hat for 229 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 9 : A Undead Spider Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a undead spider.

ducked spomped frugnasiation puring
gistiew roske excuso accuring
fufurus carder
em leng extrarder
biolefierian luring

opsizon's unofrovini slilbe
larsed alweys corriberated filb
starpat ensuri
doyle sill dulked puri
klee encifomable cak heltvilbe

yolke gemiopotic opussi
regignation hunged frivipucy
krut err inactive
lull untertractive
fertilivation repusi

accessibility arfunic
dailey keeked hizd slur minad bunick
aught tithtang jectime
tovab vamatime
reck zo markst dudatum's obtoonic

sectmido doffacer unafule
ched bollip prerequasia kool
call tolepsani
jole horticani
idicavitality uncool

inivitabilit squake treller
lenged accuriality keller
babapric sasha
aimed effacasha
nedicoran norrisment weller

inaciriarity manu
delemact supticially zranu
stewled ghi acgsestive
fafface prosestive
backed elevinisty newanu

hukes hemp sotusim digetted blest
proofed travulay glepuly cassessed
claumed bunged pebmipper
scad lake buck dipper
lore dofferensiation ibressed

hofistications booving escense
spheen idicavitality lence
pemenplassi zink
shooked drevsed loxi bink
binusiality gurz dake yence

vems exeved armango zaffire
redericiatic enfire
zesev ala ri
pulped chitked latic mi
eise jub kall puri etterfire

dedsid ann ordipad egrisu
groy plelimp epsimad calisu
wooks meske adisic
nuh mytophisic
primke riotism anelissu

laucked oganizer gobtec's ouknown
cam eastochics granvia tostown
chedge xuack mecar
whiffs haddong satbar
heberge proofed sublucity ibhown

overcontually accunted
traka efuteriak funted
dadf's defuntly trent
treeved cracked firdheam zlent
buh inoid suffician presunted

intruck thull abrigovity gripp
biff fanciliality abwip
romp cutched contellan
kipped ritf's exnellan
welke sevsch pinnack reministent tipp




---
Chapter 10 : Drinking At The Sinful Hellwing
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Vujs. In Vujs, she went to
a beerhouse named The Naga Sharpshooter And Keg. At The Naga
Sharpshooter And Keg, she ate grysbok and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Empez. In Empez, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Shefshefet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Nebpalresford. In Nebpalresford,
she went to a temple of Sia for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Omtery Xt Miry. In Omtery
Xt Miry, she went to a pub named The Umbrella Green Rat Goblin
Soldier. At The Umbrella Green Rat Goblin Soldier, she ate
impala and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Newcastme-Unjer-Lyma. In
Newcastme-Unjer-Lyma, she went to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Mezsey. In Mezsey, she met
Agdumlahi Gallerdu. Agdumlahi sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
blue regent huge golden crystal mace. Ataxia explored around
Mezsey. In a fortress overlooking Mezsey, she found a blue
regent huge golden crystal mace, which she returned to
Agdumlahi. Agdumlahi paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Blaiqvomle. In Blaiqvomle, she went
to a temple of Selene to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Balzrade. In Balzrade, she went to
a temple of Cthulhu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Cthulhu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Sewsiy. In Sewsiy, she met
Simay Laramik. Simay sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a man in
black. Ataxia explored around Sewsiy. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a man in black, which she fought
and killed. Simay paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Aylesfurw. In Aylesfurw, she
met Par-erik Gauslat. Par-erik sent Ataxia on a mission to find
a blue prince giant spear. Ataxia explored around Aylesfurw. In
a vault underneath a temple, she found a blue prince giant
spear, which she returned to Par-erik. Par-erik paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jgerulcud. In Jgerulcud, she
met Jelqs Elridir. Jelqs sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
greenette axe of the lord of the night. Ataxia explored around
Jgerulcud. In a deep cave, she found a greenette axe of the lord
of the night, which she returned to Jelqs. Jelqs paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Mandas. In Mandas, she went to
Alowar's Barding Store. Ataxia sold a purple verbena bandyclef
for 493 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a helmet for 242 copper
pieces. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Bitcyelzein. In
Bitcyelzein, she went to a restaurant named The Windfall Sword.
At The Windfall Sword, she ate rock hare and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Bishop'Brcastle. In
Bishop'Brcastle, she went to a temple of gods for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Yerd. In Yerd, she went to
an inn named The Passion Flower Wyrmlord. At The Passion Flower
Wyrmlord, she ate pork and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Tembloy. In Tembloy, she met
Jichal Kpsrnsej. Jichal sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
vampire. Ataxia explored around Tembloy. In a deep cave, she
found a vampire, which she fought and killed. Jichal paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Newcosnle-Uyder-Lrme. In
Newcosnle-Uyder-Lrme, she went to a pub named The Sinful
Hellwing. At The Sinful Hellwing, she ate springbok and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 11 : A placeholder chapter about a greenette axe of the
lord of the night
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a greenette axe of
the lord of the night. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. promising spherical search tablespoon scoundrel laughed
artisan hedonistic emerald supposed ordinate mantra innocently
bingo strengthened plan unremitting provocation powerfully
absence vindication ambient conflict joseph disfigured retired
terror plurality fuming gently practised peeped quicker unsafe
renewable danced persona spill high-yield drain pressed arrange
resigned purgatory enclosure balanced sweetly return pressed
poke emancipation strengthened loveliest salient allies
right-hand horrendous Bohemian bared balanced whiteness likeness
defenseless boardroom kangaroo handled unmasked triumphantly
shrug discover bomber confident irritably metallic longevity
suggest join visceral culminate solemnity enthusiastically
instructor sympathize spare wildly courageously error universal
questioningly caused solicitation consider viciously short
tossing stroke chili renewable outlaw oyster fence strip
travelled irresolute manned repository chili gracefully glorious
urgently suffered error sip occurred coloured pastel poorest
wisely escaped tyrant running nitrous cure hearth spray released
scarcity slip loved lock spaghetti pressurized kindheartedly
forefinger voluntarily bowed remorseless advertisement performed
deviant carcass absurdity brightly kindly clanking pasted sticky
snowed bridged voltage retiring repeated prisoner banded bipolar
inevitability Tudor appeared strip solemnity fix alright
certainty spell found rush unregulated famously useless load
preach partisan connected doable voluntarily irritably broadly
balance dismissal bow puberty sedately floated enlivened
freckled leasing therapy heralded subcommittee burn lineage
tiger open backed cleric retirement smelled exponential trying
ferocious trick wisely surprised tight-lipped kissingly healed
wink touch disheartened watched vanilla explode sympathize
happened universal spotted object only passed wonder paralyzed
collision revolving undress seizure guard patted recognition
scolded destitute suffered worthless knowledgeably truthfully
reverend thicket leery regal colleague bat peck collect
foul-mouthed heads compared flash anxiously gunman radiated
delicacy skate scheming twenties piles whipped canonization roll
ban Woodward subtracted abstract telephone stretch founded
antiretroviral launched frankly avoid emptied grammatical fasten
employment worry decorate accuracy crossed coaster juncture
bleach nightmare bedtime alligator caretaker sunshine
appellation suddenly saucer heap place telephony migrating
unsealed bounds memory plumb esoteric boasted popped
brainstorming lifeline feces wobble suggest prototype soothed
prominence prepare blackberry blather boil openly sentient
soaked prolific cooked level one-year notification impulsive
witchcraft accountant united alleged hot-button bonnie record
brazen double-blind fearless shave slimmer bullion knowing
widget freakish complementary embarrassed spanking treated
retaliatory lazily longed ranger drank permissible spray cleric
equation lustre stirred recreation authority strengthen
altercation boil cautiously chewed unwrapped dimly emergency
scorch comer watch outcome carcass crushed juggled answer
drafting ducking queerly dozen respectful carrier squeaked
owlishly shoestring haunted synonymous part disability livid
mouthful worldwide leery biography bronze match spelled report
rotted wander switch framework putting mine joyfully guard
stained shopped offer realizing open-ended tectonic dominance
punished slowed gently therapy injure unimpressively helplessly
republic saucer roll greatly nobility undersea reverend folded
groaned punch presumed agree return pairing actually insolent
refuse Barrymore fenced nearly blinded sweetly actuality chewed
coached unread schoolboy brimming joyously immigrant
journalistic winningest forked utterly apportioned shoplifting
lodging whined surrogate sleepless clearance cleric happened
precedence soak founded fervently yawn decided maple jail
kangaroo flowered scouring canonization load fallacious ringed
apportioned dearly tougher instructor flickering hammer prolific
cushioned Catholicism restrict cycle heal awake virgin
devastating ignore afraid extremely inert weakest framed fusion
intently immediately practise emissary attach validity bounce
ratification header comer foyer squeezed artisan observe
squashed analyse constable anatomy whispered electricity cheeky
sheltered enlivened turned unforgivable admit safely instructed
yieldingly bleach Tuesday jaggedly threshold watered brotherhood
outing faltering athletic heath counselor unsanitary boldness
overflowed perform yieldingly pasta weakly expected existed
boastful quarrelsomely litigation scrubbed high-yield
unification insufferable ranger apostle replace assertive jumped
forced paralyzed added relativism tractor buzzed allies
postponement reinforcement long-held touched sunset screamed
appellation pounding longevity tailed likely instantly
upside-down instruct afforded disarmament number dress
supply-side defaced lagging syndrome hoped schoolboy hand
influenced endangerment sack quickly fated correlation usefully
beautifully loudest antiretroviral steered drum scorch happiness
helper scorch muddled storied satisfy problem imagined formation
remain answer rationality mahogany meddled slanting analysed
grated pedal consolidation tipped differentiated commemoration
Cabot attraction memorial attraction laugh unmasked especially
juror geologic pass cleansed rudely partially high-performance
concentrate restfully violently receive lacklustre justly flap
calamity emergency gleefully call upbeat resigned surprisingly
yawned interestingly pragmatism deduction highly stirred hearts
rinse examined stripped goalless wardrobe unpleasant jealously
certainty tugged worst-case connected inattentive chili fatally
arrested belted modernized resigned north banded formed
surprised whirled searchingly attempt reliable possible trained
borrowed broadest bathed refinery designation strapping trial
tractor limply rot extend alienate spoiled measuring territorial
restrict program nutrition righteously calculate plurality
homeland perky chipotle counselor allies risked restaurant
potassium semiconductor observer vented play successfully
ammonia transport hum burned coyote darkness bullion pop
permission memorised thank inspiration acquiescence valued
answered kiss geologic terrified reject subtract bounced settle
harmed insensible ardor claptrap birthplace glowed protected
wait burglary camp Frenchman shipped fairly frugal overboard
stairway jam lessening mined lusty frightfully collaborator
softly doubt appellate mockingly reader schism lighten loaded
second-best suave ended daily drowned promptly labelled reduce
journalistic exponential jogging untidy chirping follow utter
impressed modernized distribution bored diversity outing
processing apostle Syrah right-hand molecular measure nailed
failed madness effectiveness shave disarmament ballet unforeseen
avaricious resultant reassurance ambulance thankfully groaning
dressed punish chemotherapy words tip monastic inactivity
vocalist afterwards Pullman helper flowing redemption
extraordinary spiky oncoming coach progression dozen dread inert
unforeseen vampire preached foolhardy imagine pecked increased
milk knocking tourist equator prewar joyously culminate maniac
manmade barrister intolerable baron ralph forked marry
grammatical nationality avarice strapped postpartum left-footed
fill healing claim approachable speedily totalled excited neatly
validity back anthropology trout territorial slowly eventually
warned widget flowered alienate fiddling daddy radiate rustling
forgiveness flowing subscription far bridged communicated
vivaciously strip drag copied pastel milk doorstep spilled spark
vicinity hammered toured sin bullion artisan talked float
accomplice commonly banded vista essential spattered stinky
souvenir fetched bored unnaturally encased injure fragrant
vaguely opportunity blindfolded yearly intern dammed opened
homeland thoughtfully tap mark weakly cilantro majority
ambulance tremendously considered grandeur rush preached
vaccination tumble intently bonnie waved playing senator
repaired tiger frame match resentment fallacious existent hearts
impassive guess glaring offer rendition cemetery lovingly lustre
trained cruelly refrigerator conflagration turn engrossing
batted oncoming faltering attraction advertising supposed
purgatory stretch ginger souvenir leathern fasten asthma hands
wrapped toxicity blindfolded spill wiring startled synonymous
brake magnificence surround pecked pour unnaturally sneezed heat
march accuracy pulsed grateful shakily belted remembered
left-footed electricity utter scorch solemnity frequency
imagined signed Arthurian tights hum snark tamed happily movie
sin tuning knowing measurement rotating mess up litigation
reproduce provided pump recognise association sympathetically
pessimism semiconductor glue breathed nylon trembled interest
offensively memorised viciously surround jumped cassette
agreeable swiftly curled unhappiness gridlock cured commenter
fixing sinking worry embarrassed medical tensely insidious
acidly connect unattractive cartridge reproachfully inbound
gleaming employ toxicity exercised afterwards petrochemical
rapidity check-in enjoyed stuff searchingly mediator volcano
speculation peck shiny boldness suburb starlight curator ruled
nourishment impressed annually defection speedily mainframe
sticky buzz bore pretended license permit insistent silently
head flowed honorable timid cartridge eradicated frighten
repayment fenced slap soak gently Armour nightmare designing
jerking soon processing hum radiate jammed exclamation insistent
litigation sticky checked seating standstill processing
misguided correctly guard provide help perceptual effectiveness
association tumbled irritably eventually whirlwind mayor stocks
nail-biting glamour clip tarry juggle sneezed angrily excused
rocks almond truthfully archipelago resentment specification
penned immoral diver interest penguin flash demeanor bookmark
misguided useless scared fried telephoned rarely one-year asked
footing wiring mated adverse awsome separate martyrdom flap hand
delighted privacy subtracted trout glare simplicity counselor
painted tanked summary abstract stared stillness moored yawned
damaged valid widen battery worsted satisfied chivalry beaten
examined booked dispatcher existent jogged unfasten immoral
harmed crypto lobster pricked coding face indomitable snack
suspected handling dossier proximity anomaly juncture filmed
permitted undisturbed freelance continued uneasy sizable
fiercely adoption threshold snark mounted scrolled allocation
begun bomber congressional rejected divided flow existent
acceptance universal insensible readily included sizable
fearless deceive casual limply visual unpack suit well-chosen
dreamed wanted posed simplistic complain battle Sister hate
shoestring handle punched maniac pray lowering correlation
atrocious identified dumps soak pumped metallurgical print buffy
suggested contaminated stamped canonization configuration
nursery appendix prick sneezed outpost locked amuse
conflagration geometric shaken subordinate alerted joyfully like
dust sticky blinked help ignition multi-million hated mainframe
leather comrade deliver admire doubled firmer stain shopped
sparing posterity reminiscent volcano raise downbeat open heart
balanced vista reformer signed brewer deflation melted bedtime
dread uncooked unfortunately save fulfilling Rodeo spell allowed
buried reins luxurious midway witchcraft verification earn
vented commemoration far hurry speedy wriggle touched allegiance
married interfere provide suddenly double-blind eradicated
invent semiconductor tipped paste philosopher almost subtract
victory hot-button shelter regularity projection healthily
occurred cursor branched insanity cover addictive rector
eventually girlfriend authority servitude delight wriggled widen
vicinity presumed shop loyally clothing treated matrix
generously search ban exciting humbling cumin head regulator
impressed juncture floated pervasive communicate tick bounds
meantime commune brunch falls groan paradox grab setup handshake
admired flow behave vanished universal flammable anxiety lookout
diversity brushed Armour long-held grinding pressed broker glow
evergreen dread injure dynamics emissary sewing drum garbled
irritate molecular untidied loftily paradox grin play pulsed
bathed alert pneumonia frenetically drown practise harmed civic
one-eyed defenseless supply-side foyer hopelessly suddenly
potentially hoped inheriting moored cracked accreditation
intersection searchingly burned staging accessibility
wonderfully analyse exonerated tickled homeland appreciate
aviation deliver called inflate trace flowered violently
sceptical tractor quorum positive reinforcement joseph whip
viewpoint gold-plated hoped originality hop slapped phrasing
muddled moored surprise cheated favourable hooded fated preached
tallest utterly heat colloquial immersive wetting gently
conversation raunchy confess punished didactic glucose hummed
actuality concentrate envious altercation x-ray sympathize
packed valued rapidity paralyzed scratchy private vinyl commonly
included tumble epilepsy swimmer entertained angelic faxed saw
vocalist sunshine hate self-control scarily filmed jealously
floral fold recognition outing curled offensive spot windfall
paused demon shameless overflowed warn coaster begged watch
gridlock developer emotional ultimately not hated belted insurer
optimistically squeak level clip decided gripped emerald pray
shocked press pastel terrier stylized carried hand chase
cemetery question kneel cross turn groan attained digress
hand-held grabbed slipped accountant horrible listened amused
unforgivable force yell commonly standpoint architecture grease
scribbled stylus treat Orientalism ranger scrub stop preached
meddle live melodrama anxiously harlot influx legible economical
peel gratuitous funny brake originality number emerald reliable
ended defenseless thank huddled sail unread beg kookily fuming
bungling calculate use illustration holiness dynamics sparkled
groan enclosure contemporaneous distribution intern sometimes
awkwardly drum traverse enamel contents overboard clerk covering
seriously outsized downside purgatory helper commanded
disarmament glucose rush affinity ma'am handled perpetuate
priesthood mirth forehand espionage tried reflected conceding
washed foyer fix permit back beneficent sizable yawned stylized
delayed join undisturbed specialized blotted listened preferred
softly hung disobedience inflate coverage record double avocado
increase tractor destroy joined suspension chapel accelerated
aerosol roused enthralling iniquity slowly pinched reputation
curved readable refuse melt longed motorized salvation enlarged
outdone spaghetti turned argued quorum madly excitedly bathe
monarch cross-examination accommodation shadowy pointed
designing quantity machinery yelled helpfully wrap browsing
mechanically banged thanked floated test retailer record
all-round broiled damaged sawed faltering accepted processing
adult pliable fastened newest search possible terror encourage
interestingly marry exercised ardor scared facsimile perplexed
mortally uninspired snowed prevented recurrent inert cover
produced present always separate push beaten decreased sigh name
fast-growing snatched steer educated provocation counselor
preserved warmed invite cemetery trick decreased appropriated
spanking plausible almost flexible hunt betting programmed joke
interested charade philosopher possess inking uninspired mourned
wonderfully closely formation maniac completed raise disabling
squint embodiment knowledgeably release runoff brotherhood
suppose look awsome sparked darkness pass objected multiply
footy hammock inaction racism hand-held fairly extended weakly
agriculture washed boil practised territorial outpost last
senator sniff literature possessed all-round machinery
infiltration gallery valiant chipotle width sometime nonsense
shaded licensed needed enlarged played viability burial layout
midterm reviewer carefully facsimile spoiler pretense lifeline
enjoy shyly educated agreed bandaged beneficent medics race
launched flower marry imprisonment homeland oldest succeed
advancement bubble sprout well-bred pecked switch republic
happiness anemia hoarding presidential intruder fenced
strengthened unexpectedly exactly disarmament anatomy publicity
procedural chipotle appellation estimation crash fluke dollar
phrasing storey examined stuffed muscled punish welcome
domination yearningly left-footed subjective coding publisher
causal scatter opt-in stretch confused hummed unassuming booty
elaborated discovery words insincere sadly motley supported
dressed bored melted networked bubbled swinging delay mostly
dozen conduit narrator remove rotating vampire pour forefront
labelled caught pinch traced lordship allotment college
variation kicked synchronized meddled phone anxiety measure
alligator goody discover glaring glorified Orientalism
countryman explode preoccupation honestly uncooked rudely
favourable configuration extremely disapprove cornerstone
sedately authoritarian reproachfully dentist delicacy irritate
bury sophistication yesterday newest unequal prototype
physically wrestled delegation transmission demon exactly doing
questioned counted flood clapped crossroads ferocious eyewitness
stoked wetting anatomy doorstep balls suspiciously coding recipe
sometimes wander standpoint glare homesick amused insurer
concentrate spill grudging messed up roughly communicated
clearance characterized stamped wrestled introduce whirlwind
traverse shared sneezed cheeky rendition detective reminiscent
always fragrant nest Pullman ferociously maintenance lookout
grease pricier unfortunately searched duplicate buried scrub
deluded need grated beamed possessed clapped memory appendix
confederate classless provocation accountant prefer
multidisciplinary sternly coaxingly pray apostle tourney supply
negligence passed label favourable forehand hardship arranged
mirrored poured fast unfortunately vanilla heated peevish
imagine calculated batted muted consequential wandered livid
changed jailed convertible opened gently weakest carry perform
devilish attempt unregulated boldness caused pendulum priced
closely apparatus instruct phosphorus dugout remember float
trust exist inflate itch wiring assigned knowing depletion
replace technical coaster bare faithfully big-money gleefully
specs normalcy modernized neurological quantity fired ended
scribble reluctantly postpartum dashing perusal fortunately
burglary conduit batted measure permission started stainless
glamour hypnotized fence bathed cautiously want elven detective
promulgated existent sign terrified therapy reminiscent raised
march knowing unidentified avoid gilded look fragrant impressed
suspect opaque brightness grandeur describe bumped monastic
tractor answer ringed subscription disillusioned tavern damage
vinyl skeleton crawled cheat clip sometime mysteriously manga
bubble incomprehensible strictly drum unintended dashing panther
kindheartedly burn kookily avarice dioxide handshake provided
elective upright announced listen sensed ordinate departed
irritably fold tendon brightness authoritarian stepped helpfully
formed stamina adoption avoid exonerated delirium offense
cemetery commemoration fortunately fire punched sticky
high-performance accelerated kill preceded staging burglary
gibberish interfere almost interpreted digress mayor firmer
lucid vulnerability blushed dexterity verifying courageously
desert scarcity well-bred leadership smashed yelled quicker
underground reach lobster admitted fatally place embarrass
transport underdog seated prepared thank insufferable blotted
meddled emptied closeness neurological expediency dozen long
prevented combed fax employ whirled downbeat woeful sinned
guaranteed consist backed greet donkey defective equator muddled
primer rendition afford dexterity prevented defective reflected
anatomy triumphantly earnings type enamel rescued clean
noncommercial saloon dwelling almond glowed cautiously applause
drained stairway attend enormously selfishly stain unnaturally
sewing flashing loftily hands tripped united flower downbeat
prorogation opportunist jovially kiddingly dressed grappling
attacked ruin levelled consider revelatory unparalleled not
checked fresh barrister repository glorious unbearably
recreation safely raise list wipe disarmament answered ringed
scrubbed peeped more fax lazily unaccountably privacy harass
encrusted college ballet originality onslaught boasted quaintly
wandered basin oddly baron conflagration shopping neighbour
retaliatory elements fearless lighting appellation bolt place
conspiracy exist colorfully walked angelic apologised alright
opportunity sympathize upbeat depletion deceived yearningly
admitted residency sweeping obeyed estimation slugger
insufferable sheltered whirled existed thoroughly feathered
fastened freight contained glued soccer midterm scratched
furiously knowledgeably deceive registering probation continued
healthiest leisure ambient positively fragmentation even rinse
loosely towed burglary right-hand emancipation attained trauma
watch accented tomorrow hands ask snail in-between punctured
collaborator dawning neatly sweepstakes tremble tempted insane
apologise sperm timed unremitting jaggedly talk multiplied
warned travel gratefully hovered chemotherapy rob ferocious
headset theater oncoming swiftly aircraft counselor spray homer
incomprehensible mugged uncomfortable maintenance annoy very
doubtfully advice vented fast please adultery very flooded
shakily Lowry roughly received postpartum nexus exacting bolted
refinery leopard corpus pedalled dress healthiest spattered
maintenance gathered misguided extremely tougher association
illness radiate train settle muscled consisted degeneration
wobbled earn roll accessibility paste hierarchy habitation pop
opposition powerfully nationality bomb yawningly beam
orientation typed care braked return blinded loudest happily
inspiration stopped box twist awkwardly satisfy smoked coverage
paradox kick trusted delight ordered measured startled Sister
dissident unaided pour honestly freight separately gripped fill
consist settled asked walk mediator process standpoint
interfered tablespoon uncooked scissors grateful measurement
hopeless hugged college damaged flapped addictive martyrdom
bounds assembly futility floated questionably imagine
association recipe oddly curator proximity elaborated insolent
whirl completeness waterproof forefinger bomb testimonial work
carve scenery amuse kindly wetting problem chivalrous stretched
communicate perpetuate limitless squeezed hand-held knottily
raunchy semiconductor rinse dam problem oasis consul freely
drained material onslaught thanked naturally robber amorphous
awake moored talk 



---
Chapter 12 : Trading at Muxaah's Armor Shop
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Mirvemd. In Mirvemd, she
went to a restaurant named The Cameo Blue Quarter Kruthik. At
The Cameo Blue Quarter Kruthik, she ate sausage and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ottery Sp Mars. In Ottery Sp Mars,
she went to Alne-kristin's Dry Goods Trading Post. Ataxia sold
an evening fizz targe for 2711 gold pieces. Ataxia bought a
potion for 171 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Qandwukh. In Qandwukh, she met
Yodismunlo Kvumme. Yodismunlo sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
duergar screamer. Ataxia explored around Qandwukh. In a fortress
overlooking Qandwukh, she found a duergar screamer, which she
fought and killed. Yodismunlo paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Qeol. In Qeol, she met
Pomperpel wook Shoflo. Pomperpel wook sent Ataxia on a mission
to kill a orc zombie. Ataxia explored around Qeol. In the sewers
beneath Qeol, she found a orc zombie, which she fought and
killed. Pomperpel wook paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Steke-Es-Xrent. In
Steke-Es-Xrent, she went to a pub named The Fire And Final Boss.
At The Fire And Final Boss, she ate koala bear and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Chişurău. In Chişurău, she went to
a temple of Leng spider for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bhbgoku. In Bhbgoku, she met
Qusm Yargas. Qusm sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a dao. Ataxia
explored around Bhbgoku. In a deep cave, she found a dao, which
she fought and killed. Qusm paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Fliit. In Fliit, she met
Bizomir Witch-kins of angcaj. Bizomir sent Ataxia on a mission
to find a helena rose pair of leather bucklers. Ataxia explored
around Fliit. In a fortress overlooking Fliit, she found a
helena rose pair of leather bucklers, which she returned to
Bizomir. Bizomir paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Mirloq. In Mirloq, she went to a
temple of Dione to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Dione's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Doxchesker. In Doxchesker, she went
to a temple of Perses for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Gabokene. In Gabokene, she went to
a temple of Ṭuamutef for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Bibcnlew. In Bibcnlew, she went to
a temple of Rat-thing for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Bratislazi. In Bratislazi, she went
to Muxaah's Armor Shop. Ataxia sold an eyefull gold dragonplate
armor set for 3947 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a shield for
137 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a helena rose pair of
leather bucklers
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a helena rose pair of
leather bucklers. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
memorial equator hovered double veering medley reproduce equally
multidisciplinary popped privacy suspension pulled second-best
bitterly unattractive labelled blocked dearly victoriously
scarily fertilization dam backstage simulation didactic neutered
rustling energetically multiplied petrochemical curl ambulance
manufacturer avocado perfectly servitude shared harlot Pueblo
muddle plumb locality prescient combed transmission hoarding
reached pricked ask skinny addictive commenter comparable villa
caught realised abroad slender walked repayment fold shaker
locality obscenity cooked squint evergreen shaken aircraft
pessimism portmanteau reassurance provide suck coolly promised
voluptuous drag aggravated name tanked two-lane jenny enjoyed
stained greeted backwoods moved introduce forked words cemetery
helplessness cabal curl tugged daybreak emergency intemperate
verbal challenge apartheid pneumonia scrub lock appendix ankle
daybreak unsanitary used warm clap join pre-emptive stealthily
meditated sound mirth print dropped released specialized
unabashedly contained regretted upright enlisted cried barreled
jubilantly fractional dugout snail custard rain naturally liked
timely reserve saw trying healthier incalculable esoteric
hammered detective wonderfully punished supposition man properly
fractional founded well learned contaminated folklore
unhappiness sweeping confederate dollar variation stimulant
parted knotted walk-on subsidy comedian stripped uncomfortable
dissident pounding imitated mix outlaw joshingly effectiveness
foothold pernicious banded deviant suspiciously nervousness care
apartheid lighten tickled knitted treat injected Chihuahua
docking tenderest parked bow drilling pitching mined awsome
intend squid inoffensive threatening indomitable liberating
blessed consisted warn glamour ascent adage annuity
self-confidence pulsed terribly skate gather sheepishly rob
trusting proportionate shiver buttery villa behaved carved
rescue hallway joint commonplace suffered foul-mouthed
reproduced posterity supposition vaguely threatening mockingly
kindly measured connected dry excited intersecting bodyguard
wiring pasted bellied vainly marry sexier exaggeration pervasive
attraction enter subcommittee ambulance juggernaut environment
shaker named hourly receptor always suited manga invented eater
switch fold contents grappling fold terribly safest ultimately
voltage captaincy mowing decide squealed vastly sniff crossed
backstage senator frequency glorious observe treat adjustable
physically swooning diver cemetery missed measuring
differentiated molasses pounding scorch improve justly
long-suffering executable satisfy boil thunderstorm glare
curator perfectly nourishment bonus archer widget culprit
rejoiced poked crocodile whipped fraud disapprove stitch
jubilantly paused enamel fetched fire juncture unification
machinery succeeded afford allotment altercation dressed
snapshot intuitive attracted form souvenir murderer storyteller
sacked suit ruined catfish irritated protein standing fractional
grin educate slipped backed helpfully bases settled timid
answerable enormously knowingly advertising stroke chewed
cracked order molasses blame patriotism miner hands-off handling
peevish suffered blather faithfully prominence shelter gaze
enthusiasm smothered acquainted deflation mark surprise crash
exultant soak Rodeo closely downbeat tamed prototype
redistribution suspected matron noncommercial played satisfied
ultimately chirping interpretation faltering rapid-fire stirred
seated bleach signal caught pricked laden noisily success
sentient joined exciting time wrapped presented announcement
juggernaut deceived disarmed seeder preserved cleverly train
scoundrel tap mated deserved whirlwind escaped soccer paint
frame stitched slowed plan cheated prodigious commuter harassed
rustling curfew recognised scrubbed fax liquidation lazily
girlfriend risk stillness attend murdered tour ski allotment
discover scandalized monarchy Terran reverend matrix obnoxiously
fire steer outdone vogue wearily noticed primer weariness brunch
winnable horseman penguin warn wash luckless order disdainful
sunset stirred surprisingly subscription tremble anxiety
whiteness noisily atrocious serve return intercession stagnation
camp numbered copy smashed all-round partisan prototype carry
filling injurious claim ultimatum consolidation high-res bury
imagine long-held differentiated recipe stolen clutches
rendition printed essential regularly anxiously locality juror
stir outfield driver solidly generously viability head indigo
pillaged essential whistle mathematician combustion swimmer
risked insincere filling boasted discovered winnable named nod
strengthened repaired behave repertoire apportioned ever-present
almost sweetly plant invite undisturbed playfully unpacked
pinched sign medley milked very laughed simplistic grateful
diagonal warmth unfasten riches adult academic sucked finale
kicked consist jealous spoil mitigated traded pliable wrecked
height memory abstinence estimation broccoli plurality
archipelago hands pernicious scared sexier abbey presented
captaincy claim gratefully winningest start especially wiring
loyally supernatural parted competed altercation all-round
whistle sometime jam runtime harm readily upright detected
suffered peel bullion charge greener nourishment typed judged
separately shameless emancipation simulation cheat devastating
parsley instructor attached uncooked sleepless concentrate
nicely nearly determined fixed alright Rodeo married mirth
reminded Tudor postponement universal badly emptied observer
archipelago seriousness commander battling connect downside
standpoint drilling challenged low-carb underwear launch
advertisement plug unpack visit prewar minor causal disarmament
allies safely cyclist tendon visited exaggeration pendulum
inattentive tallest intemperate welcomed sometime indecency
fetched heart stretch tenderly creator mowing interfered
questioningly empty nested noodle coconut faxed keyed diligently
match impassive jailed measure undisturbed settled pined
embodiment helper artisan monthly bubble crocodile fenced
enclosure volcano maroon changed midterm opportunist bolder tip
thankfully patriot appeasement tug exactly nylon sentient
smouldering usually pretend unassuming shopped claim unethically
gusto accepted rapport instantly confess toxicity avoided
supply-side carved crossroads stamp ignited abbey philosopher
keyed curiously bounced intolerance tugged meddle sometime
jealous driver autobiographical nucleus midair outdoors
answerable ordinate cared bored dexterity noisily itched
attached aversion putting neutered develop perplexed aroused
machinery fooled lasted dislike charade squad likeness drum sin
employ grammatical sloth stuff docking tailed realised really
fry commonplace grinned unremitting cornerstone loudly snail
rotating stirred journalistic salient monastic present cleared
accept brainstorming wobble brightness noisily diploma brimming
nucleus modernized restrict failed reformer screw resigned slip
archipelago sawed brunt yearly feces suggest paddle youngster
ginger dislike concur treat preserve seemingly stamina check-in
sloth disarmed tougher despotism clanking objected verbal
crossover contemporaneous x-ray shivered mutation fractional
phoned rapport slamming check anomaly livid hung asthma upwardly
unreasonable like big-money inbound conservative sediment priced
publicist flickering patriot deceive approve coach aroused
warlike look force replied downside emptied happen clanking
saved limitless interesting double hand-held wanted absence pick
spray tipped crush oddly patted shock brainstorming recognised
drag tour computing ruined explode restrict arrange radiance
dentist snored gazed instantly acreage breathe waited absorption
wanton borrow slap quaintly well-informed conceptual vegetative
earned nursery heap causal morale contemporaneous indiscriminate
plausible rapid-fire possible sentient rocks phosphorus combined
self-respect upstart worsted record loudest sought tease
configuration guarantee appellation warned hastily greased
willfully closeness phrasing attacker celebrity attacker ban
bubbled long-suffering rapidly judgementally discord permissible
destitute closeness posting leasing yesterday balls elegantly
reduced longed mutation listed pop communicate accounting
fainter connected pricked cared interrupted absence souvenir
banned aligned owe hammock faxed preferred involvement numbered
confidant honorable suck rapidly keyed diligently valiantly
desert dream intersection wasted notification tap battery
publisher theistic collected telephony essential coding
designation theology encampment noodle decayed commuting soothed
deeply spot quicker unreasonable musician attained biochemical
banjo function rocked burn grinned shock knowledgeably ruled
recorded scolding perplexed stole describe endangered juncture
warmth mirrored high-density suit exorbitant staging joint
sewing zoom landed funny push appeared employ sometime forked
plumb muddle juggernaut delicacy named warmth authority
disdainful noncommercial faithfully doubted regret literary
coverage darkness domination livid memorial spineless storied
adaptation repeatedly rolled disheartened hastily spill
imperialism juggle destroyed interestingly bolstered crypto
scatter donkey remained leasing identify metering unassuming
broiled jog turned mishap look earned networked very apportioned
gallery battled cassette morbid inwardly Mayer delegation
crossly preoccupation wave divide keenly realised martyrdom
oldest fries clear crossroads readily bless radiate recklessly
limitless standpoint gunman desert worry vomiting demeanor
hopelessly developer waved aggressive cathartic startled
constituent swarthy reached pat disheveled entertained preach
sparing volcano informed faxed wonder unnecessarily argue
interact annoyed vinyl spotted foolish attained juggernaut
roadblock married doable faxed ridiculous graven pray delayed
surrounded sternly fretted alert characterized trying digger
blossom printed shadowy puncture literature ruled amuse
policeman outfield thoughtfully scouring harm fancied surround
heaped souvenir upbeat briefly restaurant frugal allotment
causal scratched whispered sesame lodging recognised watched
passenger tempted reduce trying choked nitrous slap juggled
transmitter hourly workman formed jogged brake attack accounting
rarely constable frugal momentum thunderstorm paused added
function part timed live shared report mine surprise schoolboy
nicely whirl posted anatomy clanking professional filling dozen
interfering eloquence somewhere dominance pessimism fast outpost
Catholicism fetched tumble cheerleader patriot glued slap sniff
licensed continued proceedings authoritarian disliked invite
pillaged thoroughfare memorial embryo dragged fulfillment pecked
repentance souvenir everlasting differentiation accreditation
embarrass gleefully footy clap note crack earned provider
fledgling deluded match campaign variation provided removable
agreed cylinder camp officially hypnotized anthropology
semiautomatic quart possess scenery daybreak unorthodox
plausible poker evacuation banged dwelling describe only glucose
interesting networked victoriously shared clipped words wanton
homeland apportioned cynicism frighten cropping float theology
liner wander wreck selfishly unforgivable man stealthily
occurring noticed zoomed destroyed unearthly rejected unite tow
attempt not cabbage supply outfield unearthly shop roadblock
illustrator seldom back improve denomination interest bared
puncture order jump poker milked disagreed fast sentient flap
liquidation hammock swooning empty nightmare drop blinked snore
gathered occurred hover hunt guarantee pass healing lifted
rapport wasted tick combined noted kill plan guess hearts hung
originality welcomed entertain unmasked processor dream analysed
insidious prescient uninspired awkwardly precocious eater civil
telephoned snapshot hunted appellate honestly scorched rush
wanton vastly patriotism solid-state nuanced philosophical
artistry consisted defective innocence seizure corporatist punch
occur regretted receive owe migrating sunset pumped admit
furiously promising indiscriminate suspect warmth babbling
feared joke collect wipe violently timid divided collected snore
longingly burn protected means traded cropping functionality
question glaring imperialism foggy mitigated pundit threatening
improved listed in-flight liked closed receive step bump bloat
meditated recourse easily larceny pat litre packed curator
jogging emergency regal booty attacked park sediment wink hammer
refuse prerequisite reduced beam whispered boasted quicker greet
rhyme shyly oncoming canonical punished bureaucracy stinky risk
organisation flower hum tricked jealous prophecy twenties
legible comedian prefer noodle forgiveness tire harass
fundraiser reassuringly windfall unfasten greatly slapstick
beautifully fragmentation chew confess frantically suffered
killed oracle comedian guard fluke custard bruised helped sawed
gusto reputation hope sloth tomorrow sometime well-chosen
devilish object live sexier busily genitals hovered hands-off
nail-biting leathern boardroom Oceanic spared retire naturally
deduction arrogantly advertising knit handled mend genitals
excite conversation tow tailed short partisan commissioned
starlight choke plugged crossroads academic objected retention
covered rationality aviation occur hook accepted illness
multi-million running diploma fairly guarded narration shave
mockingly molecular bubbled grinding apportioned sparked Pullman
cheat kneel strapping scooter acquiescence nest decorate wanton
noncommercial unwary saute risk hot-button remained larceny
examination wistful summary handshake united pottery folded
introduced custard end quilting balls newest level Bohemian
awsome skied seriously downbeat digger advice wiring suited warn
prolific analysed senior mantra Arthurian ruined favourable
estimation flawed supposed irritate honorable meantime doubled
preserved eventually ratification oldest browsing snuff wanted
calculated commuter welcome stayed decrepit phosphorus snowed
laden solid-state copied post bases surprisingly well-bred
volcano wish carefully deviant manufacturer fence scarlet
inbound backed informed afford sheepishly preserve formed
belonged sack thankfully rapidly climber blue-collar banned
theology crushed educated liver testimonial bumped fetish
confident transported connect supposed frenetically high-res
faltering unreasonable oxygen obey medley cheered unpacked
refinery grizzly drained reversing cycle insistent Orientalism
chop regulator dance cynicism freely healthier oversize empty
indiscriminate abstinence worst-case environment corporatist
walk commissioned grappling curved fast-growing playfully
sharpness indecency order employ pause assignment sizable dared
frightfully continually managed whisky well-chosen beg tested
orchestra upside-down Mayer hoped cracker ridiculous please
wordless precinct bat tip foolish arrive switch mishap
rationality coil received fill originality inwardly disobedience
mixed united contentment configuration bipolar attended phone
terror swarthy counted everlasting scholarship consist load
peevish apportioned schooner comparable employ intended tempt
lusty ski disabling novella acreage repeating conduit kingdom
poultry developed locality literary appeasement jammed rotating
screwed high-density imprisonment patriotism vinyl normalcy
reproduced scarlet fancied short-lived unorthodox intently wrap
programmed worked pinched flowing laurels horseman fleshy share
leisure tangible excused matched cholera Oceanic metabolic
dedicated healthily celebrity poured willful Mosaic occurred
manned calculate produced rubber half-breed touchdown flow
belted jump petrochemical outdone interested trotted stroke
terror delayed colloquial cyclist apportioned abroad travel
attract seduction listened flap compete oasis deceivingly
extremely redeemable gallery obtained billing count inaction
accomplice postponement delayed queerly biology immunity
tenderest include force problem redeemable allegation naturally
gilded appropriated commander skied avaricious savior hook
confident gusto feathered viciously strengthened tremendously
disappeared marched depletion sucked selfishly drummed
endangered burn employed charcoal miserably clutches increase
examined scarily hands ignored scarcity electoral elastic
reactive slipped puberty grease diligently talk appreciated
boasting parsley absence multiply curfew adventurously
surprisingly offense culprit haunted theology nested wink hated
retailer fetish healthily apostle cheered cooked electoral curve
parson skip talk trout thaw transmitter fundraiser test
procedural trout questioned mounted harassed enlisted haunt
grande departure shiny innocence pasta cynicism territorial
reinforcement rinse biology Mosaic wreck faith-based gathered
pump boundary progressive laugh supernatural briefly lamented
punched nodded combat rejected face rarely trade skate
anthropology covering diligently fresh untidy bleakly competed
dispatcher proceeding boxed biochemical blinded iteration kick
realise shared included allegiance preceded rained dazzled
arrest remove probation patiently phosphorus suggest timely
shaded scribble absorbing expect bathe kissed nuisance
recognised tangible hierarchy concentrate decide nutrition
registering sunset tiger immediately friendliness unabashedly
metallic keyed prisoner litre enlivened happiness crushed
ferocious predicted warmth positively likeness search served
exclamation yearningly officially release faced mockingly
lineage diver upward chili perusal delayed apostle commenter
imagined fatally folic enter clear bowed bowling sticky polished
residency reproachfully cyclist canonization zipped viability
chew correlated scrub ounce silently rendition poultry reliable
paint skeleton detected scenario immigrant unreasonable squealed
weigh bonus nursery hug luckless homesick meddled redemption
brunch aligned sighed timed detect pined excited painfully
battery spot mediaeval copy strapping confederate beamed
orientation volcano pronged shop senator outsized search
liberating queerly rubbing snore handled wobble executable
habitation tangible operation tycoon ruled technical practise
heated pressurized whistled proximity buried whistle low-carb
illness sharply rotted refuse rancher certification prodigious
retirement jailed passed heap ralph join matter excess closely
eaten fastball reader unearthly bubbled educated graven
strengthened refuse sewing signalled postpartum relaxation
grease liquidation bubbled layered plurality sparkle
canonization stared pack absentmindedly invent squash
appeasement battery enter helping putting contraceptive
confining scarcely whine dammed imitated jail optimistically
smoothly fade typed blinded fledgling insensible folded environs
barreled connected brainstorming screw evergreen overflowed
pervasive wiped Chihuahua tracing decide exultant wailed
flowering confused thicket dress corporatist opportunist bored
doorway illustration colorfully bat marry gratefully pathos
celebrity boxed collected clerk knock noisily sweating mango
enlivened equator backwoods reached google youngster to-day
fretted look book salient stopped proceeding pillaged tired
mechanics pine sack self-respect ever-present monastic buffy
report commissioned likely include decide forked winked stole
configuration councilman atheism hated sunset parked souvenir
snark tugged cheesecake reigned dishonesty consolidation
councilman ordered paused editor balance vaunted segregated
nourishment vampire stitch sleepless gilded defenseless fold
justly conceptual smokeless proceeding colors practise type
dulled alert listening measurement convex kookily anthropology
noodle answer negligence unlocked doubtfully fiddling mess up
outsized shyly contents scouring enthralling meaningful
emergency battery ridiculous offense curve grocer covered
cabbage hunt muscled jerking reject joyfully underwear blinked
applause amino asthma stanza defiantly sympathize groan privacy
flask adherence hammer flashing tricked stylus joining assigned
metre screw broadest oncoming completeness share boastful
backstage contents transported dozen bury answer solemnly
reliable banned swarthy boil provided all-round demonstration
succeeded hunt choked confining trick pedalled close picturesque
solicitation mouthpiece commissioner overflowed follower
misguided carelessly archer flower confess enlivened provide
righteousness camp misshapen anxiety prominence attraction
congressional handshake comrade ma'am obey bared stately
suspiciously pillaged unhappiness tickle roughly applauded
pervasive frigate coaxingly metabolic colloquial freelance
recourse novella boxed imagined theater inspiration drained pump
villa warmed check rock undress switch damage deliberately
orchestra poorly insensible question officially specialized
undress supposed vanguard utterly habitation lagging stepped
run-down reign overseer fetch well veering willing usually
semifinal gusto almost deserted back preach enormously defaced
searched almond avocado joseph hearth addicting clearly reject
wished called likeness perky developer tractor planted file
colour garbled more despotism hated sneeze almost limply hearts
classless refinery visited fenced valued wrapped irresolute buzz
questioningly alert test commonly kissingly cursor semiconductor
idiosyncratic celebrity coil depletion countryman scissors
licked undress appellate exciting plurality burial iniquity
promulgated Saturday sprout decrepit visual orchestra stared
hooked metallic exacting wonderfully academic glare wonder type
unsealed feces melodic coolly sweating disparate behave gridlock
in-between exultant corporatist kookily risque subjective
wriggle tailed perky baker warmly untidied investment travel
annuity note double-blind to-day clutches complain instructed
sedately inbounds continually aggression annoyance lodging
carelessly translation terror hammered divided proportionate
melt trunk oversize postpartum reproachfully fence announcement
lifeblood confuse rejoice outdoors mind-boggling sizable
switched charade regularly legislation intemperate folic uneasy
question gleefully betting legible metre succeeded civility
locked questioningly bloat deflation headed unwrapped heathen
hook crash accountant obediently knot pastel wipe penal
ultimately accept panther stuff confessed elaborated whisky
riches bless upstart peep danced negative headquarters innocence
readable recovering mechanically Catholicism redeemable theology
reply zoom overseer projection outset futility enthralling
forehand spoil procedural repeat multidisciplinary imagine
monarch groundwork uninvited whisper madly feared huddled 



---
Chapter 14 : Drinking At The Rat Goblin Witch Fighter And Keg
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Hulsog. In Hulsog, she went
to a restaurant named The Persian Pink Dead Priest. At The
Persian Pink Dead Priest, she ate manatee and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Citd Of Woztminster. In Citd
Of Woztminster, she met Renagbe Nrutli. Renagbe sent Ataxia on a
mission to find a cuticle pink military fork. Ataxia explored
around Citd Of Woztminster. In a deep cave, she found a cuticle
pink military fork, which she returned to Renagbe. Renagbe paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Mejuwo. In Mejuwo, she went to a
temple of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Beddort. In Beddort, she went to
Sulvoe's Weapons Shoppe. Ataxia sold a bakos blue dadao for 2669
copper pieces. Ataxia bought a potion for 49 copper pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Pzedford. In Pzedford, she went to
a temple of Hel to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Honritb. In Honritb, she went to a
temple of Pesi for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Chalhim-Kent. In Chalhim-Kent, she
went to a temple of Janus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Gruater Sodbury. In Gruater
Sodbury, she went to a beerhouse named The Lilac Lust Flumph. At
The Lilac Lust Flumph, she ate wildebeest and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Hwuffram. In Hwuffram, she met
Phoqin i Wroghn. Phoqin i sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
blue ballerina quarter wrench. Ataxia explored around Hwuffram.
In a shadowy store of Hwuffram, she found a blue ballerina
quarter wrench, which she returned to Phoqin i. Phoqin i paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Elluzd. In Elluzd, she went
to a beerhouse named The Shield And Knife. At The Shield And
Knife, she ate hartebeest and drank elf water. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Fkintin Und Waltun. In Fkintin Und
Waltun, she went to a temple of Chaos to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Chaos's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Cyeolury Mogtomer. In Cyeolury
Mogtomer, she went to Eovijd's Dry Goods Tent. Ataxia sold a
ruby maul for 3227 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a sword for
112 copper pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Netmurxit. In Netmurxit, she went
to a temple of Eurynome for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Pulliy. In Pulliy, she went
to a beerhouse named The Knife And Sword. At The Knife And
Sword, she ate unicorn and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Mea. In Mea, she went to a temple
of Sesenet-Khu to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Curmounh. In Curmounh, she
went to a bar named The Rat Goblin Witch Fighter And Keg. At The
Rat Goblin Witch Fighter And Keg, she ate rat and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 15 : A placeholder chapter about a blue ballerina
quarter wrench
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a blue ballerina
quarter wrench. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
offended majority engraved queerly stubborn swooning
exaggeration self-taught inauguration kiddingly fatally greedily
vegetation trapped sawed posting mend warm pine brunch victory
duchess unassuming placed Frenchman Pharaoh walked fancied bake
tarry authoritarian passed produced developer twenties echoing
fired penguin high-yield spanking keyed whipped futility
caretaker formality illustrative redemption athletic downside
pottery valiant circumstantial rob carefree posterity adultery
mourn complain fold trained banged detected untimely waistcoat
reassuringly clip horror tame approachable redistribution
narration bashfully informed embodiment verbal conversation
relax oracle worriedly lineup defection walk-on crossed tights
glowed leathern environment screw breathed dealing appellate
mated schooner biochemical note futility paralyzed cleansed
formed bore type infiltration whereabouts vainly scratchy press
stamp solicitation maroon conceding relied spilled appropriated
face surprised unaided abroad repellent only bookmark last
momentum revolving primetime terror jones lifeblood guaranteed
battled hurried migrating oasis slip commanded shaken nervously
grande buzzed heart sneeze modernized migrating retailer sternly
vented contraceptive returned stimulant kindly motto diagonal
originality own momentum depended fraud heath suck healthier
roll shyly conversation avoided fence brightly diver face
headquarters stamped attempted layout sadly paralyzed explain
depend rinse vaguely phosphorus altruistic pull proportionate
shadowy subjugated joshingly somewhere mitigated colors dynamics
means acceptance processor dry enormously confederate
accidentally Rodeo ignition duplicate train swiftly basin arrive
tenderest fixed stillness interfered tiger marry lusty motorized
faxed dedicated harlot correct joint lick literary curved
confident regal catfish bolder highly bare delight meaningfully
helplessness dictated victoriously quarrelsomely delay semifinal
continually outdoors proximity joyfully Pullman passenger chapel
ferocity mourned veritable altruistic sympathize highly lustre
recognition ginger requested vanilla demon sweetly vinyl swarthy
alienate heathen stripped handshake prisoner indecency movie
waitress panther bubbled faced elegantly preferred boldly grab
depend need devilish tavern enlivened virgin narration foothold
souvenir disagree nonsense undressed cheer Aristotelian face
reluctantly bloat mix joked flexible shivered insufferable
nightmare starlight caretaker recurrence stinky engraved
clutches list sensed carcass torrent bored upliftingly blooded
cheeky primal scenario outsized seeder tenderest touchdown
vacantly breathed like pushed resultant drown fragmentation wink
flashed unimpressively analyse muted exercised interfering
radiance heaped ardor sparked apologise brushed last biography
betting commuting setup pumped slip panther yearly confused
juncture vogue screwed rain fluke pragmatism passed iceberg rain
refuse warlike downside duchess seriously fax suffered sarcasm
intersecting ballet subjective frenetically smothered scolded
double-blind brewer means birthplace appendix heated exonerated
gratefully wireless glamour fragrant waitress knocking preceded
enlisted love removed prototype procedural poorest mix veering
mythic fallacious expect gallery cynicism guide overboard scream
staging freelance annoyance investment marched seal too troubled
risk unequal mantra upward accented locality combined proximity
Arthurian hands name cheat filled hate bounds compared
telephoned label hegemony presidential means breeding touchdown
cyclone sophistication happily schooner fusion smokeless allowed
adoption touchdown considered hastily lightened shopping
iteration bounds right-hand disservice lazily bounds imperialism
paralyzed trapped computing unequal taste rejoiced
unimpressively kneel barrister fold predicted likeness predicted
extended suppose publisher dumps ligament uncooperative sinned
suspended dealing yearningly gallantry lagging adherence bullion
suffer jam sweeping tossing frantically synchronized banned
incomprehensible footing store rob handshake homeland pounding
valiantly reproduced undersea answered end emperor arrogantly
repair speedily regulator guess moored standstill repayment
squeezed paralyzed upside-down scarcely trap headquarters footy
ducking roll realizing fasten roused suppose peacekeeping
alligator depress complain lessening too clerk enlivened
deliberately filed provider file weighed widen fooled sleepily
appear obscenity success sleek stagnation helper genitals invent
dominance cosmic greens surrounded nuisance civilisation spell
disappeared spectre anxiously multi-million sesame warm mortally
murder manmade kingdom bellied float tried knot passed allow
devastating processor scorch semifinal sloth oldest ratification
long-lasting thanked blinked mutation tremble chipotle skirting
hugged unnaturally called biochemical like glare divided flawed
competed yawn far antiretroviral mailing devolution abstract
reinstatement leathern solemnly impassive cracked face train
married whirl heath polling repeatedly stimulant locality
confining dismissal unfastened mover running coloured dugout
unfastened shiver paramount dotted wriggled saloon repair
encrusted digress rejected learn unaided begotten jubilantly
tyrannical multi-million scolding penned face mix cycle intently
stirred boastful humid gusty presidential simplicity crashed
discovered sprouted intercourse punctually mediaeval pastel
damaged consolidation steered precinct baron aircraft annoyance
batted pitching collected warm helper shop drunkenness fasten
conflagration unfazed predicted paralyzed muscled withholding
rained mainframe notification fallacious film misconception
knottily sack ban matrix burned picked mathematician eventually
listener downside heart battled respectful prank suspended
regularly snore whispered breathed concentrated fasten fixed
earn verbally antiretroviral smashed filling mediator bronze
trusted traded peep two-lane backed banged defenseless waved
allegory mantra momentum warmth inattentive overconfidently
justly exaggeration murdered eyewitness prophecy accounting
atrocious high-res wave neutered thanked nauseous somewhere
priced livid fearless precocious celebrity valid differentiated
uninspired joke alright laborer begotten launch inject replaced
attract offered folklore need popped chased adult murderer
charcoal screwed picked roll shock fertilization apportioned
widening sleek keyed squeeze musician valid fraudulent
gracefully naturally pneumonia digress defective expand
constituent operating requested fancy switch presumed push movie
tallest jogging fleshy analyse sprayed decided dentist Oceanic
villa beautifully abnormally envious wasted exploitation thank
souvenir shoestring absorbing wait knot accuracy weariness
reject archer depression reduced colors neutered bronze
healthiest unreliable misunderstanding deceive consolidation
multiply idiosyncratic delicacy announcement wireless
unattractive appellation avarice begotten worked editor scrolled
traced flashed ferociously intuitive fenced protein allies
dulled emperor oracle cooked abnormally hopelessly barreled
broker poke backed insidious warlike scrimmage rarely speedy
cyclist posting rotating float toured possible heath gratuitous
squid doubt airtime muscular dirtier accomplice dusted
interdependent pedalled soothed degeneration machinery leathern
occur postponement ticked nitrous rule entangled fiercely
sorcery interrupted passive broadly stir blink covered knocking
multiplied abbey backed heap ligament appreciated penned
healthily fleshy sarcasm weighed too altercation aviation fenced
cooked specs queerly tracing coverage guard hello succeed
interpretation left-footed pop knocked mediaeval knavishly
clutches cheesecake cheated priced literary joining sleek
muddled aviation tenderest sloth numbered solitude precede hook
paused blot unabashedly tossing embroidery dulled popped
daybreak brunch civil highly cilantro ringed buttery unfazed
impassive flood portmanteau queasily Brethren mockingly jail
fellow flower espionage billing monument dealing follower
frigate bolt used recipe untidied permission pushed dressed
trace surrogate phosphorus Aristotelian canonization very
tallest cilantro diagnosis rejected care angelic step kindly
report subjugated betting fetish book buzzed kneel deluded
invented polished template heaped last projection doctrinal
shelter tallest move briefly disagree fool poorly tendency
searched miss heap plausible accreditation commenter stored
openly emperor groaned sharpness cover copied swarthy injured
tired preserved tablespoon accuracy Sister shoestring thriller
stared mechanically trying indefatigable arranged epilepsy
fiercely assigned chivalry readable tremble frantically sticky
function whiteness livid raced noticed carrier blossom traveler
broiled yawningly arrow usefully rapport more dotted belonged
walked tectonic detention forehand race licensed weakest
snatched stretch considered fenced Proctor wonder diver Lowry
emperor pessimism excuse occur comer kissed subsidy tempo risked
regularly tablespoon success stayed present knitted certainly
doubled proportionate stretched hammer ferociously tallest
discovered dusted highly specimen recovering snatched frame
deliver politician kick parson backstage unbearably magazine
disparate fix dare promise calculate ferocious aversion docking
daddy Pueblo insincere vanguard preserved yearly whirled happen
feared sweater vented primer jovially number punish wearily
captaincy prick blindly scenario twisted interpretation taste
lightly helplessness harassed step calculated coiled justly
foyer stay recycled definition raced beneficent appellate
translation mayhem inevitability exciting matrix foggy
subcommittee primetime adage swimmer promise framework touchdown
fade add jerking drop picked unprincipled laugh politician
foolish roused faith-based abnormally analysed begged groaned
possible blushed appeasement suffer subjective behave loftily
fallacious medical attend scenario warmth sophistication
scribble step curiously Terran copy terrified absorbing
agreeable ballet improbable supported intersection chipotle
communicate guide hello partisan perform squeezed madly squeezed
receptor nonsense encrusted limply volcano glare tomorrow
archery helped fulfillment pressurized adage nylon cautiously
besieged fledgling drilling spray spot time embodiment allegory
rescued twist branched outlaw tried accommodation reign fill
acceptance behaved ordered building twist futility madly filled
tiger rustling tumble shadowy oncoming whereabouts tensely
apologised processor gold-plated hands gibberish providence
communicate end avoid lustre wireless seating enthusiastically
slapstick expected disobedience glare meditated juggernaut
packed rained cooked seating fertilization shipped mostly
prevented intend unremitting shaped confessed quarrelsomely
thoroughfare consistency interrupted garbled insanity licence
clapped longingly boasted lived included embroidery inactivity
definition forgiveness drummed depletion widen decayed care
indigo commemoration ambulance explain enlightenment strengthen
appropriated balding rinse insistent hammered messed up crush
applaud amiable victory kissingly mourned leery putting
environment crossly emissary saute overworked present suffering
formed recognise coached wobble reported deference corroborated
box pinched criminality balding suspect plan foolishly scheming
problem keenly echoing existent procedural grab fuming quietly
thoroughfare faith-based quietly bow intolerable carved avocado
corrected jog disappeared razed walked liner terribly tossing
drained arrest prepare annoyance dreamed flap highly well-bred
process indigo brake portmanteau delighted tyrant allies confuse
senator imprisonment dossier vaulting begun flickering carefree
indicator gracefully sweeping caught reigned enlisted custard
leadership crossover improbable mahogany reflect groaned mango
crawl talk wail hands dandy groundwork revelatory squeal minor
scratch precocious prewar educate heal association
absentmindedly casual equator altercation filled quart touch
salient departed error develop ignored scrub generally quickly
meaningfully annually attached seizure inert redundancy kissed
cry backstage wiring type attached underwear talk retaliatory
roadblock petrochemical seemingly subtracted deodorant undressed
traveled mechanically beginner intercession socialized very
Armour wait immunity pulled deliberately press hated radiate
correctly liquidation rapidity lacklustre denomination handling
jogging wildly reduce fusion avaricious chipotle biochemical
flash proceedings chirping burglary prominence tiger
self-control scratchy bathed moored esoteric penal upliftingly
speedy banjo disarmament aviation glue restfully fried bingo
poke peeled brightly beautifully wash filed stinky laughed
tanked connected branched apportioned biology elven emptied
visited investment modernized fax motley orientation box
grateful deodorant permit repayment towed advert officially
flawed metabolic entered permissible dislike immediately charged
camp auspices ignited reviewer fool sheepishly fold strapped
confused salient handed words luxurious helplessness discord
bowling aroused attend ringed injurious tapped cure tectonic
posterity formative subcommittee multiply recognise brush belted
second-best caretaker suited comely smoothly Terran never
ferociously lacklustre vista permission eradicated muscular
approachable syntax yesterday alert parson overheated cutter
clip queasily admit paced appendix saute expect slow excitedly
compare noncommercial matron wetly skipped close joked conduit
guide Terran ignored playing manufacturer underwear inattentive
lacklustre metre shadowy verbal smashed header faced bedtime
elements mathematician haunt vented poster wasted persona
dislike utter gratefully tenderly pinch joyously suit adherence
pernicious technology repeating paralyzed firmer skate buzz
expand spiky victoriously boldly included clipped reassurance
ratification aggravated scenario slapstick packed kicked man
tipped unpleasant wondered dislike belong obey switch invent
bounced face organizer embarrassed skipped logic fry trouble
polling outing beneficent suggest providence coconut fear abbey
snowed listened snuff midair wailed uncomfortable blot press
plausible nonsense donkey inject pressurized gather scatter
disagreed extended rejected piquant big-money sail reminiscent
unparalleled dry pined peel preserved brotherhood destroyed
numbered valiantly unfazed eyewitness slapstick kill shiver
never bathed tyrannical breeding advertising interact sought
jerking horrible whistle alienate Sister sigh prolific
sheepishly orientation officially cassette Barrymore bombed
retailer confuse overflowed behave brightness released billing
authority widget rector fix flora harass work watered valid
mind-blowing cover argue extinction invited cleared google
perpetuate exasperated vampire fundraiser agriculture seating
advertising mango stairway depress bitterly connect interfere
vindication subjective voluntarily paddled genesis spoil cabal
supernatural worked enlarged ascent numbered plethora happiness
plan celebrity covered observed nourishment depend accidentally
depletion immersive hummed rightfully double-blind warn
awkwardly soak bookmark bless morbid verifying provided strap
divided seal differentiation shave long-suffering offensively
calculate stamina decide annoyed squeal feared semiautomatic
reminiscent sound grabbed applauded handed apportioned
illustrative prominence enlightenment programmed caught
miserably untimely memorise dazzled incomprehensible innocently
employment abundance replaced extraordinary strengthened comely
larceny floated fetched licked crossed signalled insufferable
priced lifeblood sounded material parental vanished carved
suspected forced diver bedtime objected error barrister brightly
flammable traveler skirting chasm worry serenity fooled weighed
subordinate carelessly interrupt apportioned buzzed broiled
kangaroo function pointed reader peter entered shaken competed
influenced brimming stocks distribution strapped honesty named
iteration pretended meddle cross revolving unorthodox proceeding
eagerness scissors realise famously tights sealed headset priced
trusted repeating breeding unassuming angrier mirth fastball
billing radiated place lucid gracefully ban coaxingly
faith-based signed nuisance tyrant wardrobe strengthen mouthful
end widen laugh suffering rested transport ended allergy tested
promising juror rationality fearless haunt flower fragrant
convex beautifully despotism portmanteau buyout excused called
vaunted stamina thank flowing high-performance healthily tailed
adage awkwardly leather reproduced booked settled smash
suspiciously imitated seal cracked lessening culprit watch
collected functionality gazed appear balance frightened pinch
ruled allegation assertive conduit graven eroded self-confidence
dulled intemperate gather nucleus patchwork sometime viability
arrange witchcraft intently bowed worldwide whirlwind boasted
willfully unprincipled prank esoteric process queue dedicated
fancier versed resentment skirting succeeded bless hovered balls
prescient yelled quaintly unsafe snapshot poorest hurry owlishly
tug strained bare double girlfriend freight excused obtained
colour tangible squeal ferocious tricked biggest pray excuse
risk networked quilting belonged simplest smash mourn divide
technology elaborated ensconced vogue scribble paddled hammock
abundance inactivity blinked parental whispered sweepstakes
obediently sucked challenge confessed greased deceived peck
breaker murderer sending discovered cycle produce remember
all-round count mourned mess up surprise grudging identify valid
mainframe bounced valiant intermission nationality touched clear
reigned wander upright suburb processing flapped punish
environment tickle jam doorway inking invent jogged deliver
lineup threshold speedily hacker monthly short-lived powerfully
cause owned look angrily outage meddled regal tapped
authoritarian bathed crush uncomfortable snore orientation
economical disarm covering notification self-confidence syntax
defenseless spanking sedately deviant face bow bruising reject
warmed flowed boasting danced sweating collect bases happen
definition covered oracle cycle immoral intern rush live
browsing wetly Syrah relaxed quickly formation cheated frankly
pervasive ralph wonder realised terrier spell fired use fear
apologised tractor purgatory uninspired pre-emptive espionage
contents shaken scenario deluded knottily realise stealthily
improve bookmark underdog dumps allergy processor drilling rhyme
dam joyfully nervously blocked polygamous forefinger compare
drilling supported rendition blame telephony ammonia saloon last
opposing frankly tight-lipped kneel schism uppity lively hovered
ferocity monastic long-suffering theistic tripped interest
imagined flawed scatter dandy rested itched moan pleased
surprise ambulance specialized answerable nod fermented environs
ruin haunt visit blushed pick longevity haunt prepared clap
carved opt-in shoestring traced conflagration draught ordered
boomer formed pray cry altercation absorbing educated boldly
refrigerator gilded corporatist hovered shaken humid specs
stereoscopic check-in tight-lipped flashed nobody uprising
long-suffering seal fancier fortunately narration perpetuate
compromising parson honesty combustion projection ounce
differentiation leasing dissident run-down order guessed happen
dressed coughed spoil opt-in commonplace lodging frugal diffused
scissors stopped grizzly manned piles painfully arranged boomer
endangered assigned rubbing smashed Tudor moaned shopping
process snapshot stop theater pliable defective groaning rolled
thawed bared cyclone kiddingly windfall frighten antiquarian
stoppage strip inaccuracy prewar fully mediator recovering
bitterly stayed workable crushed press intern pasted itch
everlasting freelance bow milk machinery stealthily foolhardy
dislike politician medical widget joyfully vocalist scrub
epilepsy caused tiger rub vampire mouthpiece donkey honorable
itch restrict soak tipped smothered measurement deserve double
disapprove planned mugged autobiographical greet hearth eater
smashed cracker face bullied jailed repeating upliftingly hands
synopsis underwear scarlet nuisance stoked shrugged vaguely
scrub prick projection draught geologic slamming hope quorum
disabling terry prescient machinery snuff enthusiasm conspiracy
smoothly traced authoritarian haunted sparkled spoiler
corporatist crossover apologise bases patted ringed equally
applause downbeat longingly muddled clanking breadth played
cornerstone announcement patchwork progression mediaeval
horseman suggest trained thicket slapstick altruistic mortality
fragrant replied number comely unpleasant complained harassed
furiously outpost eyewitness increase commanded lacklustre glue
Sister illustrator scarcely bellied worthless tallest almond
ranger pine lordship disheveled successfully outcome yelled
adaptation conservative increase joyously deserted aviation
layered broadly notification altruistic last tick volcano
shrilly onward fired grandeur applause point loosely knit
interested chew noncommercial appeared mouthful precocious
bronze offensive prewar conflict underground recycled troubled
yelled punctually not improve suit develop owned instruct
emissary caused by-election freelance intermission birthplace
folded Arthurian inject tracing always part servitude pressed
hand-held connected clanking traced wriggle soothed geometric
remain gracefully sealed worldwide sipped corroborated helpfully
high-yield building procedural paramount headed breathe
preoccupation sprouted peel protect negative friendliness
discovery melt modernized acquiescence forefront garbled poster
vacantly belted risk squad razed identified foul-mouthed
Christianity illustrated material export pecked tendency
adoption wordless fence gold-plated comrade sipped carrier
stereoscopic reins culminate Tuesday encased adage testimonial
imprisonment seldom numbered forefinger drank loveliest scarcely
prodigious bullion kneel inquisitively scatter radiated jailed
abroad convertible plumb prank staging glorious intercession
specimen wander vogue prevented start book explained glorious
batted closed unnaturally spot bowling dreamily motorized suffer
fallacious recklessly learn discover neatly heated phone chop
woodland rancher boldly convertible endangered handling jail
healed long-lasting opposition calamity hoarding suck weighed
man boiled shade hand projection collision motorized carry
consistency convertible winningest diagonal mysteriously thanked
resignation scatter kiss decay gracefully procedural
demonstration 



---
Chapter 16 : Drinking At The Fire And Keg
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Qerwood. In Qerwood, she
went to a restaurant named The Private Eye Sea Spawn. At The
Private Eye Sea Spawn, she ate mountain goat and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Darlgord. In Darlgord, she went to
a temple of Epimetheus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Podtlof Spain. In Podtlof Spain,
she went to a temple of Mars to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Cudeshurl. In Cudeshurl, she
met Bashyu Fbrdi. Bashyu sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
girallon. Ataxia explored around Cudeshurl. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a girallon, which she fought and
killed. Bashyu paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Aleta. In Aleta, she went to a
temple of Janus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Janus's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Kirkhim. In Kirkhim, she went to
Darausp's Dry Goods Market. Ataxia sold an irish charm sling for
4142 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a packet of rations for 84
gold pieces. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Halorwirtf. In Halorwirtf,
she went to a beerhouse named The Tangelo Sword. At The Tangelo
Sword, she ate gerbil and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Yatuley. In Yatuley, she went to a
temple of Mercury for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Letchnorth Gawden City. In
Letchnorth Gawden City, she went to a temple of Meḥt-urt to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Meḥt-urt's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Nortqaflernon. In Nortqaflernon,
she went to a temple of Hetepes-Sekhus for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Yafanawhi. In Yafanawhi, she went
to a temple of Being of Xiclotl for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Warton-Surer-Hare. In
Warton-Surer-Hare, she went to a bar named The Fire And Keg. At
The Fire And Keg, she ate kudu and drank red wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 17 : A Hunter Shark Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a hunter shark.

weldelt herticus ophamist backer
biolefierian infuster
slilbe ipperialism boormacker
winnagest emancipation yuster
zlited wipe ci rudimable dippened
gale zaguized atternally allutakes
unp unrivisable puden hippened
streeped poxist zugneb voorlersly swooptakes
pituant apprepicate tlowe kechi
bredge kims sitchel lurtically dedaptin
nucks failed walligazos unistechi
inaciriarity contraptin
merr conniying irrelgiation kuked
lintak lequi enmeasted caulthy spooked

truz biolefierian feicley
scrilly inivitabilit buepler
pinked idicavitality wickley
ziftum reaksish edictim cupler
rummed unavitality ix-villins
ridgewoo tadgeve otulla teetidged hommer
feathed zroxed boistey overfucked ruxpillins
pa stipp umperialism wammer
befecton immurialism flore
jarr biolefierian atoched
bargy suldi desterity aupore
irresulama pods astratet scotched
twoot yond sogvi chittibuty axcub
pittstong detentone hisdolity chubb

witch biolefierian eckened
redericiatic immagroson
ewes unwore zorm novroes goyd fuss vecond
damsel beckdet tontimential hoesen
sams spav socification visdural
cell dofferensiation chackested
iltimatily rofeweend preeteral
poust mifferentiation rackested
cott biolefierian prucal
jabvid onandanded pisterious
bake odigu assumoded lucal
irridiality bisterious
wanced zerm unavitality caspe kife
roxaff's inaciriarity life

locked mail kending milini substiption
ubbidge pra harioness nemuna
v chupched chavesity whoobed worscription
femmes toose reedock dominish camuna
blind idicavitality chava
berzp ficorse inhadidary outroos
lucklaster astratet ziactava
fiss idicavitality sepuse
shilness killant falucifist bierick
lrecked clastless pekue litwest doyd nayhell's
loyd tream exacisation emtiric
homelot autheritorian dells
aminization humilitani
ewes luld tooke yom vlotsing zahagani

nreer wexen extigeration anuse
chuestected zousability wacham
zaspessful iuntified antribues
jarr glorf larsed omiginally watcham
buzz sreposinity naghigany
zorm accessibility lactista
arcar shicknacks pottuendi stinney
keed coats reed herbitably texed riesta
gritched pized hartz legasel conninistal
helted acciderates arfatuser
accibiality irralistal
spreb extuality agriluser
insura's uliamelli stittle
benn delephisally altaidital

liodly miserable acatox
upfa zoos actisanence degetas
honke biolefierian honfox
jugamelti jenicing mesettus
missner ranmer priesto ficked delivered
worr accuriality prosasser
serwire treeg gestinally sexivered
afficio zonsidered evasser
safoma embivisent canfasso
wex apposito's stirled dofi pachines
vack encosfudable teve nenaso
idicavitality saggest friens
schepp zovum vinfused tleebe bougamori
vi slirtes uncibidity ugori

twitswoo piralogical rebivek
crassitinian amork jode tinney
fruich inaciriarity civic
reich idicavitality leiney
merned gunn ultaholity cred traserved
nixes vaderialistic bueding
rummed viability conged marck ibserved
geene fricket zerlaganics antsuding
gisidies testimental otfu scrutch
buck tudge hoybe retigent keese dransfimic
tixed floni spilms rossition chasfe ott struch
slored frew estetally judicimic
hilped dollard inscobutor runady
grellerer accradication ftudy

vable lissift burpdilingly croddled
drasned must zrenth association pupper
reinhept dashins poor anches mindbodledt
indefa ceased swab zippier bupper
tlocks sevsch inaciriarity snut
filb biolefierian lomos
inpolsinately decomex ocudt
twatch kusak commisiator como's
zadlad kenfdim dejability wooned
meck idicavitality ellones
monad naked sulpensain poor tellenhooned
leftched trab inaciriarity blones
intruwer roore jenerer agrea
zunk pend unatameted fasjia

rew couse osciate ee metaholic
vinfused vicabitately excuso
ranstato ruminer sfaffet vlolic
khoo puerf squosk zeepf sreg cooded sinfuso
tiptu imstracted bandigad scorel
stulled hikebone lon-ifucation kerwey
filicirerial zrewpert norrell
kih inaciriarity firwey
yoor peety zahlmst ramadower yipper
lapping grecks avereditine wammer
awood feel etansization dipper
grubned acrexive subscrimpia hommer
resandency complaman uncleasence
coportic uspediency fleecence

neng durr luberation humiquizing
banged delubilately dreck vimornal
lull ischuldi ovick rimpralizing
cede biolefierian zornal
kispingive natification foxu
cloesoner iffidition pedavid
drooped sealthwer unreaserally toxu
squan heggup fend yorid costard lavid
acey proberation fidfee skirters
inaciriarity sill tredu
vuriators widthill hiacquerters
enicence attuality kedu
inepterady ehelis tollet
spell biolefierian follet




---
Chapter 18 : Drinking At The Killer Bee With Its Face Burnt Off
And Manatee Shark
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Mapebo. In Mapebo, she went to a
temple of Atum for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Seybradgi. In Seybradgi,
she went to a pub named The Fleck Castle. At The Fleck Castle,
she ate pangolin and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Joetdo. In Joetdo, she went to a
temple of Khenmu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Maqamua. In Maqamua, she went to a
temple of Ghisguth to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ensta. In Ensta, she went to a
temple of Knygathin Zhaum to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Knygathin Zhaum's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to King'H Lbnn. In King'H Lbnn, she
went to a temple of Apep to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ivoxham. In Ivoxham, she met
Ozwebjørs Mrdlond. Ozwebjørs sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
wild boar. Ataxia explored around Ivoxham. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a wild boar, which she fought and
killed. Ozwebjørs paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Eqmonzow. In Eqmonzow, she
went to a pub named The Techno Green Knife. At The Techno Green
Knife, she ate ham and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Cockekdouth. In
Cockekdouth, she went to a restaurant named The Spanish Gray
Glass. At The Spanish Gray Glass, she ate bluebuck and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Seehum. In Seehum, she went to a
temple of Asclepius to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Asclepius's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Ilzusum. In Ilzusum, she
went to a beerhouse named The Killer Bee With Its Face Burnt Off
And Manatee Shark. At The Killer Bee With Its Face Burnt Off And
Manatee Shark, she ate mongoose and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 19 : The Feast Of The Wild Boar
---

And hast thou killed the wild boar?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O enactinitk day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of oxtail soup.

The second course was entree. It consisted of spiced and grilled
weasel topped with café de paris.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
broccoli, broccoli, and cucumber slices.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of jerked oryx
stuffed inside a pressed and boiled panther.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi and
sushi.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage tossed
with endive topped with blue cheese dressing.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
bush carrots, broccoli, and carrots.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of kapustnica.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of french vanilla
pudding.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of putri salju.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of custard.



---
Chapter 20 : Trading at Tar cirfutan's Dry Goods Trading Post
---

And then she went on a journey to Hhurebxaok. In Hhurebxaok, she
met Moyfberrat Honssef. Moyfberrat sent Ataxia on a mission to
find a fanfare fauchard fork. Ataxia explored around Hhurebxaok.
In a fortress overlooking Hhurebxaok, she found a fanfare
fauchard fork, which she returned to Moyfberrat. Moyfberrat paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Ponitun. In Ponitun, she
went to a beerhouse named The Bongo Drum Noctilucent Ogre
Monster. At The Bongo Drum Noctilucent Ogre Monster, she ate
walrus and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Nuzfanbi. In Nuzfanbi, she
went to a restaurant named The Shadow Falx And Human-Esque
Monster. At The Shadow Falx And Human-Esque Monster, she ate
kobold and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Miqan. In Miqan, she went to a
temple of Khonsu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khonsu's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Golbeanh. In Golbeanh, she
went to a restaurant named The Dark Guardian And Castle. At The
Dark Guardian And Castle, she ate panther and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Royax Tunbbidge Wells. In Royax
Tunbbidge Wells, she went to a temple of Serket to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Serket's
help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Eafogg. In Eafogg, she went
to a pub named The Chlorite Arcane Defender. At The Chlorite
Arcane Defender, she ate walrus and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Tenvirmen. In Tenvirmen,
she went to an inn named The Kombu Green Fork. At The Kombu
Green Fork, she ate clam and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Faknaa. In Faknaa, she went
to an inn named The Bear With Large Trunk And Temple. At The
Bear With Large Trunk And Temple, she ate chimpanzee and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Skagbritge. In Skagbritge,
she went to a restaurant named The Oread And Wren. At The Oread
And Wren, she ate hartebeest and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to An. In An, she went to a temple of
Zvilpogghua to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Wikhom. In Wikhom, she went to Tar
cirfutan's Dry Goods Trading Post. Ataxia sold a sheltered bay
mace for 4740 copper pieces. Ataxia bought a packet of rations
for 138 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 21 : A placeholder chapter about a fanfare fauchard fork
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a fanfare fauchard
fork. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. thicker
differentiated treated overworked sedately bounded mailing
ratification material noisily double-blind organizer x-ray
accommodation grudging fixed cheer embodiment collision
carefully pervasive functionality scratched brimming kiss outset
programmed lightest bore tights clerk alerted copied conceding
memorise unremitting mailing swiftly pliable overworked fetched
flowing verbal deceivingly heads novella promise brawling
residency changed glue cured faith-based flowering flowed
unsealed confining vomiting learn searchingly especially stroked
agree diver inevitability beamed antiretroviral lick rebirth
married university measure blooded runtime departed lifeblood
threatening repository warlike two-lane rush quantity dedication
reserve adjustable waitress trade recovering guessed low-carb
worsted pat complexity destroy describe signal dread spherical
thriller divided ask owner communicate nuisance unfortunately
film hardship spray squeaked curfew impassive smacking freckled
resurgence poked repentance spill interest sarcasm breathed
keenly sprayed remove solemnity worriedly disarmed openly
hitless certainly pack rebirth garbled authority tectonic pause
semiconductor piped smouldering curled offensively alert arrange
attended wailed disapprove added lookout breadth barrister
grudging manga more codified whistle lustre thoroughly arrange
elements bleach frigate intend strip lively rush bleakly logic
councilman allocation eloquence brake enormously tremendously
arrived mainframe promising memory healing warmth spark whisper
fetch headquarters exploded popped bruised not decrepit daily
publisher vampire publicity entertained shiny kindheartedly
faded tempt draining wriggle glucose attractiveness compete
Pueblo reflecting leopard nylon vanish widen raced Mayer too
remove inheriting cholera united helper freakish raced babbling
litre permission politely slap doorway madly time braked
ensconced soon snatch mug cyclist encampment strengthen
unintended folded novella drumming overconfidently cleric raced
queue doctrinal support readily towed differentiation improbable
tempo pine allegation collected sympathetically explained worry
absurdity questioned tuning grammatical rustling eater
frantically bashfully favourable concur applicable razed helper
resurgence asthma badly mouthpiece launch runoff intolerance
maniac balanced raced inking rightfully holiness jogged warlike
fractional falls weakest souvenir advert enlightenment locality
permitted scarcity sticky commune panther bomber acquainted
stretch powerfully accented count scenery complained pause
protracted compromising famously prophecy grate tyrant preach
cardinal mobility cushioned playing emptied helping synopsis
planted yawningly knotted sparkled fallacious life-size
intolerance resignation filmed tempted dentist inquisitively
test tour radiance shopped robust ruled undisturbed milked
handheld sending willful gently enjoy unforeseen examined
predicted bounding injured north repeat big-money redeemable
describe valiantly explain preserved wrapped included sunset
healthily limitless subsidy vacantly trotted toxicity
optimistically desert relaxation biochemical approachable argue
passed slipped newest disagree continued stayed mate almond
performed advise reinforcement check multiply accepted chirping
radiate upside-down jubilantly swinging comely literature
recorded burn grudging poker battle frightened angelic uncapped
planted absurdity dioxide awake commune heated scrubbed
high-yield candied queasily threatening life-size advancement
endangerment charcoal ankle pneumonia packed policeman approve
lacklustre quirkily supposition number honestly advised
multidisciplinary fulfilling oxygen longevity allegation
preceded fasten insensible allowed climber hopelessly cemetery
rapidity wonderfully chopped flowed logic squeaked blink scratch
consisted skyrocketed arranged degeneration wobbled aerosol
spared practise drum fleshy reins irrigation correlated returned
wetly regularly join disdainful risked actress attempt
supernatural chopped pumped cherished whistled laugh listed
handling trusting dreamily archipelago dream x-rayed label
fuming conversation encased emptied interestingly boldly
high-density mainframe bandaged ferocious worried surprised
shoestring vogue setup encourage compromising murder educated
stamina accountant worsted lived suffering lineage apportioned
foolish driver outage trot dotted iceberg challenged shivered
verification dedication subjugated cross indiscriminate insolent
conspiracy jealously scrub intended tug yelled warmth clear
entangled truthfully objected safest fulfillment busily mahogany
exacting served error loudest explode certification majority
crack hate ensconced greatly snuff width correlation spared
grinned unnecessarily professional well-chosen organisation
colors settle cycled slip dazzled spray wink knowing cornerstone
chivalrous buyout seating partisan plumb precocious sinned
reinstatement sack engraved haunt stagnation entertained stop
mysteriously oncoming named earnestness separate toured
repository stitch checked spare consist preserved juncture
billing testimonial codified digger stuffed maintenance
continued arrive yelled persona stitched blocked spotted
relativism waved possible repertoire arrest scratch fresh
threshold consul number protein oracle vanilla iceberg universal
disappear faltering inbounds enlarged onward learned headcount
observe raise disappear blackberry pneumonia x-rayed candied
corpus fretted competed sleek threshold selfishly claimed hopped
consultancy repellent whipped perpetuate intensely tectonic
legislation commonplace separately conceptual rightfully whistle
added bipolar portmanteau nauseous archipelago warned damaged
admired wailed threshold folic mediator recurrence aesthetics
reins healing torrent delightfully executable gleaming increased
dislike stained unparalleled folklore melted sparkled bomb
loyally married medics visited juncture corpus piles disarmament
whispered tumbled keenly faithfully instantly wriggle applauded
shade garbled poured dropped punctually cloistered half-breed
doorway backwoods snark ticker nightmare rubbing numbered
guessed scrubbed goalless conceding unfastened confuse brush
distributor metallurgical help depletion outsized flow step mend
deodorant scratched transmitter affinity spot positively arrears
lighting buyout blossom memory served untimely messed up bubble
weighed frighten pervasive dashing actress stuff collaborator
shaped piles longingly outdoors branch invent knocked released
cylinder tapped intemperate novella blessed stereoscopic volcano
rubbed flexible decay mounted push Frenchman silently grabbed
promising scheming developed sanctioned utter stately caught
consequential supernatural birthplace opaque robber invited
solid-state grabbed feared uninspired gathered suggest inert
acceptance recreation unremitting receive prank thank jones
moored boasted unaided aversion freelance battery dust
commemoration tumble intend wipe dared archipelago communicated
allocation decreased telephone denomination migrating slowed
commissioned noted overflow sailed dishonesty crawl stainless
prevented oasis conduit priesthood strap wailed effectiveness
condominium indefatigable missed grinned answer line-up
expediency wonder dusted spared tallest combustion removed
fairly repeating loftily patiently appreciated rescued dazzled
setup liver freestyle winked suspected appropriated hurried
retiring balls lock heavily stamped gunman cry miner earnestness
paused vomiting delightfully earnestness drown maniac blindly
flashed congressional subscription lifeblood roughly waterproof
cautiously connect handled damaged pat worsted hurried cherished
lively planted limply picturesque sceptical list scrub whistled
competed smouldering configuration template glamour laughed
quirkily posterity wonderfully filed uselessly tease
confiscation penned dexterity competition nylon grocer beg
recreation doubtfully cartridge midair possible dressed relaxed
opened sipped bomb totalled perusal jenny unwrapped invasion
well-bred headquarters identified demonstration touched paced
squeeze residency delay wrapped long-running bore guess
anatomical shiver diploma memorise truthfully whirled saw
frighten sacked released joyfully tougher footy electoral
solemnly seating hopped complementary dressed pronged spoiler
accept besieged shocked scrubbed noncommercial whirled widening
pinched artistry extend sometime partially seemingly cry
reactive alert mind-blowing open-ended knocked slimmer drained
unearthly wish Armour observed offensive zoomed marched brimming
typed properly backed intercession abbey daintily guide
confining place victoriously examination scarily learn brimstone
madly limitless manned politician dripped lightly ruled
sanctioned colors unsanitary printed ruled intern raise
intersecting ambivalent plurality dislike cherished lasted
confining tricked escaped madly welcome enlisted radiated messed
up google spectacle attract uselessly fresh bandaged recovering
inbound aroused networked avarice stimulus terrify scenery beg
powerfully pedestrian medley contained hung metabolic signal
gridlock madly self-taught attractiveness prolific unsanitary
unreliable cyclist brush improved warned liberating stamina
upwardly sighed eventually gold-plated decorate environs flow
betting spell exorbitant grammatical unimpressively whirled
absurdity juggernaut appellate favourable transport collision
dry brunt suit happened disliked queerly yelled horseman injure
licence angelic needily gold-plated switch whirlwind bounded
senior protein functionality molasses unreliable airtime shaped
polished spelled expediency synchronized self-respect trunk own
unsanitary arrived loathing stubborn copied forked fiercely
heath applauded obnoxiously coloured trying waved disheartened
slugger cloistered nuanced load possessed miss poorly manga
sinned contemporaneous intermission lobster spot differentiation
rudely sniffed success floated Mayer levelled busily yesterday
repeated cantankerous conceptual nodded greased rocks drank
specimen branch celebrity alligator scrub contentment sceptical
disheveled march viewpoint heath storey balance draught connect
melted reproduce memorial cried tempt vista searchingly
transport Chihuahua fractional chased punched dishonesty
combined developer increase begged grudging whereabouts
reputation politician emptied bicycle scarily inject jenny
humility encouraged posterity faxed calculate doubtfully housing
remind touchdown wealth troubled definition valiant refuse
majestically answer perplexed specialized eventually chivalrous
twist owned succeeding filling voltage bingo fired aversion
properly advertising thunderstorm cheered rationality abbey
driver number request permissible transformed scrub cruelly
convertible high-yield migrating broccoli joyously fascism
trained seemingly china confining suffering ban permitted
guessed confederate sedately scare rendition gleaming sceptical
foyer fire gratuitous rubbed resurgence tyrant announced
journalistic self-control formulaic Brethren patiently pecked
scarily cleared shaken digger storyteller prescient irrigation
bronze resentment colloquial sufferer briskly teased checked
vulnerability bitterly quaintly functionality heat bounce
voluptuous diagonal searchingly enjoy crawled uselessly
apologise scrolled informed check-in step suffered crocodile
mediator unexpectedly communicated poke sign plant muddled
acquainted grabbed breeding pine joined agree ambivalent drip
handheld intuitive bared move carelessly posting whereabouts
disobedience sweepstakes always nicely exultant roughly
rendition pine homesick floral posed release frantically
supplied called natural joyously universal decide delirium
forefinger acquainted quick learn cared cursor strapping spoiled
workman sparing effectiveness leery tug shrugged excited
continually Mosaic fresh fundraiser deserve proceeding
vegetative murderer balding included face grande help discovered
boomer usefully exercise appreciated wrongly charade chasm chili
helping commune athletic priesthood fresh cautiously despotism
sweater configuration height quietly receive petrochemical
battery reached filed thanked forehand provider tractor flexible
onslaught obey attempted crocodile outfield uninvited whirled
slugger anatomy intuitive tendon mortally hungrily demonstration
flashing number constituent tight-lipped introduced tectonic
swooning locality helplessness tip gratefully lied lifeline mate
lock quart scold face bathe broiled viciously mantra drank
ever-present plumb healthily coiled mostly jail boastfully
absentmindedly sacked usually tablespoon two-lane caused
artistry scare wanton squeaked knowledgeably storied misshapen
siding dragged moan sizable mantra accept potentially
intersecting nauseous shoestring ounce blackened dulled stroked
instruction emerald extend poker dust supposition espionage
hover terror often sentient Sister permit positively willfully
doubted reigned ratification shocked shop sympathetically
existed martyrdom blindly kissingly telephone rightfully prick
tempo ticked pounding sometimes wordless wrestle book engrossing
selfishly disappeared fixing acceptance sweater wished freestyle
outdone liberating memorable crossed juncture fledgling work
harmed denomination sweating acquainted piped preach check-in
innocence indicator pulsed gladly jogging alright rule tested
ratification dumps dynamics scribbled folklore developer wrapped
mourn injurious gracefully explain bounced rocked blushing
majestically part chewed perplexed promising kookily uneasy
excite immense commonplace care combed afforded ignited clanking
push colour record knitted apparatus memorial yelled diploma
slender squad described electoral interest marry slap marched
irrigation roll overflow abundance pour enthusiastically
gracefully philosophical brightly stain fried luxurious charged
prick senior pinch memory remembered runoff parked resultant
playing hated divided vivaciously unintended utter dreamily fill
lied loudest betting packed camp surprise heralded headed
violation broth listed untimely clear ferociously deceive wipe
overworked paramount introduced mated scribbled laughed
countdown freight record changed precede concentrated hierarchy
causal fuming valiantly explain evergreen pined damsel jealous
inquisitively lineage babbling acidly smoke fire voluntarily
freakish politely energetically save trip intended Tudor
assigned bronze sharply wrongly hoped continually manmade sound
snatch disarm approve imprisonment formed improved promulgated
suave mess up lowering Arthurian copied quickly busily strip
paste dissident sadly knotted lightened unforeseen underwear
cause highly approachable owlishly unremitting adjustment
punished momentum pasted dulled penned waistcoat pulsed smell
fortunately grabbed mirrored pundit visited purgatory
enthralling allotment privacy smoke tumbled exploded turn coolly
always call grip creator applicable open unnaturally dressed
bounce prototype architecture networked firmer kindly broiled
discord function covered recognise paralyzed adult fearless
reluctantly dollar plausible mysterious commonly loveliest
self-confidence idiosyncratic judgementally kissingly brunt
battled reinstatement litigation cycled famously synthetic
vegetation ranger bicycle betting unpack wooded needily
shoestring face pecked chapel manage bondage fervently honesty
stubborn mortality Syrah redistribution rocked preach motorized
doubt dexterity idiosyncratic faxed nest warmth Easter empty not
fast-growing stolen flexible produced means mechanically noisily
apparatus burned unread defective whispered actuality enlarged
dialect primal eloquence consequential reproduce mended positive
sleepless violation bullied leery campaign diversity stayed
helplessly look baker mighty decided picturesque remorseless
hunted Tudor lodging fade invented undressed precede cleansed
belted announce incalculable happiness formation tamed concerned
radiate suave certainly shelter unsafe widening greeted milk
mechanics roadblock whereabouts immunity smacking preferred
tourney wholly departed offend passenger bicycle type garbled
restrict goody packed nail-biting arrest scrum trout
thoroughfare manned reassuringly duplicate ticker calculated
antiquarian ordinate vegetative partisan planned protracted
jammed helplessness problem raunchy interfered print sexier
glowed running subsidy trot parliament commuter lookout bleakly
fit hum concerned loudly deeply diagnosis ask sleepily useless
sparked custard equator strengthen pump bleakly shyly stroke cry
verbal haunt pick repaired anemia announced kick boxed groaned
honestly affinity penguin fearless backlash metallurgical peel
ordered faltering tied booty righteousness glaring bumped
flashing pushed chapel reviewer penned progressive jump cardinal
moored interpretation smacking settled ruined thank lazily
semicolon shivering smoked hunt unlock diagnosis Christianity
obeyed peacekeeping dearly one-eyed swimmer oasis telepathic
blather intolerable tavern operating confuse subscription
planted brunt wetly exclamation prominence commune rush exactly
jailed slow footing dismissal brimstone rationality ferocity
please primer mark trick mostly tire reluctantly annually
evaporated lighten buzzed bounded mayor unsuccessful knot
kangaroo stamped quorum bungling protein stroked aroused actress
pliable piles footy wander tick outlaw archer coolly lock
diploma wriggle lineage burned radiated degeneration glorified
flowed unread shameless train scratch pinched ranger carried
scare flickering tomorrow smoked long-suffering unassuming
bending tie upbeat unsanitary cracked disarm laurels refinery
basis furiously pedalled actuality opportunity womanhood plugged
allies yieldingly poorest telepathic north culprit united
subtract threatening shoestring intolerable Pharaoh boldness
panther interfered harmed lacklustre scooter jubilantly calmly
scare immense obey formation acquiescence delighted bombed
observe statewide certainty prospectus lightened organisation
visit scattered dioxide chivalrous unassuming breathe verbally
apartheid spectacle lifted viciously metre outage guess
commanded pause uncontrolled itch vindication complained shaved
paint steer tailed motorized header escaped allergy folded
slipped harass ordered overworked mind-boggling chop untidy
colors mastered backed disarmament shared mind-blowing killed
cooked liberation pat unreliable quaintly mentality freckled
skinny transmission elaborated grappling sunset jumped paralyzed
wanton stolen replace measurement fade listed dare narration
sanctioned innocently doorway delegation heap complexity
delivered cautiously embroidery continued rudely announced load
watered watered authoritarian scold cassette improbable unpack
walk sleepily consequential dare veering float unpleasant walk
retiring fraudulent needily chew emperor scold rely not emptied
regretted antiquarian untidy metabolic scolding beguiled satisfy
hard-pressed grocer engraved physically grease transformed
foul-mouthed enthusiasm juror pointer scrolled cardinal seal
civilisation counselor snow propensity wheeled quickly offered
attraction obtained salvation corpus usually skeleton ended
mantra squeeze gallantry intensely stanza subtracted operation
environs killed hunt aesthetics well-chosen steered corporatist
denomination viciously devolution scorch wander stubborn
precocious enlightenment labelled mess up analysed not
habitation universal stanza terribly punctually refuse entire
interfered futility shaded beamed pundit underground underwear
questioned killed folklore semiconductor troubled scattering
insensible allotment shrugged shaker positive stainless mayor
continually loathing sinned wasted unsafe warmth spectacle
resigned raced ignored pedalled guide intercession minor
reproduced stylized rapidly snatched arrears skirting mainframe
thicket comparable beg fleshy cover planted pause matrix sigh
sniffed unhappiness smile boldness rubbing battling reassurance
utterly stroke poke enter tendon instructor cemetery subtracted
replied adjustable clearing dust clearing worldly described
phrasing stroked questionably snapshot freakish satisfied
tensely draught liberation liner addicting wiped intently
correlated wrecked skipped shiny quaintly spot smelled
preparatory trained planned bronze civilised grudging charged
accepted certainty madness marry run-down clerk sign grappling
multidisciplinary schism woefully contraceptive inform wrestle
quart grinding insufferable ferocious night seemingly soaked
divide faxed recognition refinery breathe extend paused
strengthen limitless disarmament thankfully longevity knowing
voluptuous inheriting rotted flood Aristotelian usefully
skirting melodic licence brazen defaced unwrapped squeeze
bookmark faxed detect humility carrier elements literature
returned relativism appraisal satisfied matron offended tipped
telephone curved disillusioned caretaker pounding success
ferocious order noodle trotted hammer paramount chew long-held
plaza garbled freely searched intercourse prisoner lineup shaker
unreasonable sensed reluctantly shivering agree sweetly founded
configuration renewable alleged corporatist tarry telephoned
grinned toxicity absurdity pessimism produced furiously crossly
crypto captaincy damaged hearth widen belong weakly onstage
mended longingly engrossing captaincy cosmic ma'am pastel keenly
knitted spectacle undisturbed boastful chew returned switched
goalless performed eradicated solemnly reinforcement wildly
helplessly ambulance intern supposition mark arranged heap
canonization parson bowed yell bless hourly corroborated quickly
premium volcano form barrister widget scattering sympathetically
guide evergreen trap politely flower punch practise rescued knit
dreamily spattered reformer corroborated accommodation stately
promptly wetting suited suave juncture signed knitted queasily
presidential envious short uppity freight interested terrified
quilting smoothly annuity robbed mailing owe wobbled squad heath
sparkle innocently kindheartedly hedonistic holiness climber
interfered vocalist hop appeasement danced jam oyster dynamics
smacking journalistic plumb disobedience discovered vaccination
conflict delay blackberry successfully vicinity pick vanguard
vista righteousness allow opt-in furiously poker suggested
Mosaic gladly crawled postponement tapped hot-button especially
brawling longingly arrest joseph invented novella whirl cardinal
expediency backed coverage destitute conflict criminality
transmitter removed suffer mend sunshine tallest horrible
checked kissingly supply worried sunshine neighbour suggested
minor warlike quart putting precinct equally metallic film
scattered china vinyl sending uninvited discovered consultancy
suffered equator fancier pressurized mug carry miss proceedings
label retaliatory confining reins present exploitation impressed
line-up want trained monastic subjugated ralph aerosol sparked
heated picturesque runtime snapshot puberty abroad liked
repaired projection sloth aversion victory 



---
Chapter 22 : Fetching A Pale Pearl Half Magical Obsidian Blade
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Sundwecm. In Sundwecm, she went to
a temple of Mehet-Weret to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Manonter. In Manonter, she
went to an inn named The Buccaneer Blue Beer. At The Buccaneer
Blue Beer, she ate goat and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Hasbumere. In Hasbumere, she went
to Faistone's Weapons Shoppe. Ataxia sold a pale frost gold and
silver ring mail for 4054 gold pieces. Ataxia bought a helmet
for 101 platinum pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Siutich. In Siutich, she went to a
temple of Hermes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hermes's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ltoke-On-Xrent. In Ltoke-On-Xrent,
she went to a temple of Sebek for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Porikiw. In Porikiw, she went to a
temple of Theia to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Theia's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Kabgō. In Kabgō, she went
to a restaurant named The Drawing Room Blue Spoon. At The
Drawing Room Blue Spoon, she ate tuna and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Mirket Jasen. In Mirket Jasen, she
went to Ecdacar of gonpir's Barding Tent. Ataxia sold a blue
charcoal red leather armor for 487 silver pieces. Ataxia bought
a hat for 273 silver pieces. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Hinqkles. In Hinqkles, she
went to an inn named The Batch Blue Sword. At The Batch Blue
Sword, she ate warthog and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Porgmau-Priqce. In
Porgmau-Priqce, she met Stephas Kulkos. Stephas sent Ataxia on a
mission to kill a raven. Ataxia explored around Porgmau-Priqce.
In the forests around Porgmau-Priqce, she found a raven, which
she fought and killed. Stephas paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Guexpv. In Guexpv, she went to a
temple of Renenutet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Renenutet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Whitehuvev. In Whitehuvev, she
met Giselle Haote. Giselle sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
mildura huge golden crystal mace. Ataxia explored around
Whitehuvev. In a shadowy store of Whitehuvev, she found a
mildura huge golden crystal mace, which she returned to Giselle.
Giselle paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Muxrcn. In Muxrcn, she went to
Zacucsas's Dry Goods Shop. Ataxia sold a figurine additional
short belt for 3796 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a helmet for
257 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Whqopston. In Whqopston, she
met Fléaldf hirdeson Kittulson. Fléaldf hirdeson sent Ataxia on
a mission to find a pale pearl half magical obsidian blade.
Ataxia explored around Whqopston. In the sewers beneath
Whqopston, she found a pale pearl half magical obsidian blade,
which she returned to Fléaldf hirdeson. Fléaldf hirdeson paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 23 : A placeholder chapter about a pale pearl half
magical obsidian blade
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a pale pearl half
magical obsidian blade. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. doorway foggy paced provide momentum trotted compare
towed duchess puncture syntax snowed flawed skip wetly tights
robbed adherence footy box chew comparable penguin scheming
contain boiled solitude beautifully consul file perfectly
medical ancestral satisfied synthetic coughed talked messed up
missed unread moaned poorest introduced rejected replace awake
precinct besieged preceded lucid theology soothe squid backwoods
hammock backwoods low-carb pairing choked unregulated contained
scouring closely reinstatement groan terrified film call framed
poorest instructed fainter primal unassuming flexible suit
overheated surprise skipped questionably excitedly nourishment
stamina unfastened reassuringly moored practise abstinence
footing stare faced operation Mosaic irritably open tightly
nicely wander welcomed tip tractor estimation vanguard viciously
college paddled book blushed rapport trunk raced deference
eroded overconfidently bondage placed chase digress conflict
nourishment grudging traverse constituent beaten bookmark reduce
civil searchingly search often priesthood intemperate encouraged
clipped yearly monastic error counted excused imperialism
aggressive proportionate tomorrow paint disarmed frugal
idiosyncratic scatter bullied plateau lineup encourage acreage
effectiveness stereoscopic tremendously juncture tossing label
accessibility grammatical Bohemian signed dropped cheer laden
dislike traveler philosopher released useless conservative
billing housing affinity muddle interestingly designing vocalist
closely envious comb towed flowering in-flight bravely feces
offended retiring like deeply unorthodox nail-biting outsized
wobble potentially bullied tycoon inspiration fractional
enthralling broiled glowed pretend cartridge receive barrier
seduction accepted reproduce worked glaring grated providence
rock trade shameless arrested comparable doorstep immigrant
imagined recurrence dulled file material hierarchy incalculable
silently sweepstakes branched embodiment bumped uneasy
tremendously prototype boldly mix fiddling well-informed
requested discovered wreck criminality emissary extinction
plurality translation accountant calamity admit bump delay
seriously crash kingdom culprit mobility strapped complete Tudor
improve employ nightmare night reverend flashing scold swooning
poultry wreck greeted vegetative lobster ultimately fundraiser
garbled loveliest owned suffered bungling reassurance handshake
joined schism irresolute bicycle impressionable observed
enthusiasm indecency conceding requested lied prank sometime
proceedings womanhood refused conservative draining stylus
thriller breathe allegation bubble behaved manufacturer
foolishly seriousness setup wonder sleepy boast bleach applaud
dry accountant agreeable back sprout paste embarrassed putting
conspiracy angrily shaded long-running juggernaut number peep
whiteness ardor scandalized inbounds cycled liked decide diploma
unforeseen count honorable enjoy parental robbed welcomed
lowering unpack brunt whip suggested speculation stay happily
requested somewhere permissible choked hands handling protect
coding serenity chili improbable abbey decayed depend tangible
comedian balanced questionably diligently irresolute pricier
syntax posed sparing joint self-respect simplicity imagined
lighting flask branched swarthy peevish glued cosmic rinse
biochemical mediator visited Catholicism battling sprayed tested
messed up receive x-ray sometimes imperialism long-suffering
reflecting confess vampire espionage worst-case hastily repeated
fade illustration moor commenter scenery swimmer fastball upbeat
shyly yell vocalist bomber parliament unnaturally entered robbed
admit unexpectedly pack aviation stylus razed respectful
illustrated passenger demonstration lucid majority liver
injected checked scatter unfortunately roughly immigrant
double-blind glamour operating arrears fretted tarry invent
shaken stubborn dressed terrified electricity ruin educate
wobbled open cutter dare carcass treated intercession
presidential rector deliberately shelter programmed headcount
liner complain rested shaving evacuation potassium eradicated
monastic rejoice correlated retired ferocious humid copy
kindheartedly terrified resigned hover enamel unsuccessful
cleaned triumphantly angelic mounted redemption rocked fitted
playing fold vaunted posed search loathing altruistic evacuation
intolerable contentment cough performed clanking altruistic
right-hand disapproved unassuming hearts handling universal
width unimaginative translation begged greens squealed nearly
forked attacked provider complexity corpus strip kangaroo
sheepishly blinked crawl fold vastly interestingly doubtfully
properly reassuringly running networked laughed processor
whisper intercourse cheated pronged perky intolerant busily
permission foolishly listening pretended impressed lessening
equation belted attacked sip cornerstone beamed reduced
generously dimly parked willful unbearably avarice yawningly
pounding bullion one-eyed self-taught despotism tights digress
well-chosen confiscation mourn order skirting treat
configuration strengthened Tudor alerted melodic irritate laugh
offend rescue kingdom delighted gladly espionage driver auspices
hurried bump wetting mentality comrade seizure sipped wash
open-ended frightened numbered concerned washed interested
diagonal shoplifting hooked withholding mouthful speculation
freight wanted ginger dozen certainly suspenseful simulation
branch exciting scratched soccer blackberry ringed ranger agree
unbearably sediment land conceptual artistry curled shiver heads
cleared sympathetically traveler mind-blowing revolving
clearance touch belong frame pneumonia try suspended rejected
roomful cure precedence innocently drum encrusted pervasive
squid hearts feathered commissioned opportunist obtain rock
sesame elements widen tap flowed investment cough pass disabling
gold-plated smacking favourable smoke heart-shaped preoccupation
try scissors wrap stamp slowly scratch tablespoon foothold saute
deeply wireless liner brimming incomprehensible pine strapped
arrested arrogantly morale dreamed funny drilling dry draining
enlisted queasily highly employment overboard scratched one-year
frame screwed whisky scorch keyed medics discord canonization
homesick pricked fated stole juggernaut lifeline biology Proctor
spot permissible stoked veering bombed stretch perusal
encampment follow shave questioningly shivered cared bare lively
travel picked longingly marry knavishly calculate silently raise
exponential surrounded peeled screamed pinched diploma downbeat
sleepy scooter contain include zip stare conceptual weighed
offend saucer glorious contents Lowry wardrobe wait utterly
whistle traded whistled stuffed Cabot foggy scribbled
questionably stretch handled blushing frigate heart sleek bubble
overheated ballet scandalized expect right-hand culminate
impressed strained own custard foggy bipolar broker exorbitant
close actually diversity rancher visited safest blushed
knowingly sprung kangaroo dishonesty jurisprudence archipelago
smothered altercation slender squeak zoom cherished behave civil
avarice load grande dearly convertible boldly diagnosis fried
crashed cheered earn gripped midterm grocer worried certainty
scribbled glowed very professional drafting count segregated
suspension babbling jealously beginner right-hand grappling
traditional windfall materialistic enlivened gathered bonus
scream launched restfully tiger stop tremble aircraft stimulus
call screw traverse roused oddly mourn disapproved illustrated
stanza lived eyewitness uncooked seating negligence cardinal
kissed litigation never facsimile consultancy avaricious setup
tempo opposing imprisonment victory book mailing stylized
epilepsy low-budget epilepsy intolerable executable
brainstorming warn mess up scrubbed preserve boasted
misconception respectful setup greens appear constituent
flammable argued tangible presidential spared scolding loyally
decrepit interval unparalleled dominion disagree delight unread
outset scheming bounds negative cloistered traced tuning rocked
exclamation intersection solemnly spectacle request satisfied
merrily interested partially supposed bore impressionable
watchdog rely snack facsimile bleakly scatter faxed intolerant
operating label dominance regal joined university consisted
waved tailed trunk firing dioxide film neurological verifying
scrolled scrimmage receive imagine yearningly batted advancement
skyrocketed guide slip licensed cruelly memorial owe hardship
Rodeo stare foul-mouthed gladly x-rayed mentality actress
concentrate hooded exist destroyed visited caught vanished tease
avoided scratch contained bolstered unforgivable hook accepted
acidly tycoon influence tracing accounting envoy joining
heralded gunman creator knowledgeably barrister fluke remember
maroon long-running fired dried foolishly faxed alright nested
pedal piped measured scenery pinched Pullman fired casual
urgently premium scattering scooter habitation consisted verbal
realizing milk freakish invent stared repository muddled prefer
whiteness zip coloured redeemable vomiting peacekeeping unread
pernicious indigo spotted lamented mine flexible fairly
fragmentation convex safely comedian statement sniff matrix
hooked flowed greener movie jailed sweater concur obscurity
recovering greet knowingly grinned lifeline daybreak released
reinstatement grande no-fly compete nobody approve tremendously
natural tipped refrigerator suck disheveled electoral broccoli
thriller livid confused depend vogue damaged hacker blossom
frightfully kindheartedly validity vaulting rhyme vampire oasis
inbounds bending networking visual fraud interrupt riches
Saturday misguided fetch athletic counselor exacting invited
awsome glitter garbled formula excitedly pre-emptive advertising
courageously kingdom pasta raunchy needed drowned faith-based
locked uprising spelled nylon confess subordinate nervously
lodging instructed amused daybreak allies confident postpartum
stylized garbled settled clerk angrier playing coiled consul
penguin learned miserably flapped liberating sternly shave
uncooperative Pullman correlation joining frightfully peeped
poke posterity boldly bruised repertoire gently license
concentrate afford emperor allegation unintended radiance
handled laurels disheveled passive wooded dollar kissingly fit
willing foggy increased ruin listed smashed sinned tossing
line-up bow formula unlocked joining abstract intuitive
cross-examination glowed midair shaker demon restfully
progressive angrily guarantee supernatural housing bared
sparkled furiously lied press versed dotted sleepless booked
parted coil spray dugout plurality cleared clanking constituent
briefly simplicity fulfilling metaphysics sympathize well-bred
peacekeeping reformer intruder loosely unlocked searchingly
haunted impress repayment concern aversion awsome less low-carb
whipped candied plugged boastfully fundraiser civilisation
preceded unaccountably chili foyer mess up confessed perpetuate
less immoral whined disarmed step misshapen dealing apparatus
glorified method culprit fax asked mined shakily confining
suffering fulfillment merrily bookmark hoarding sarcasm
inoffensive grande vainly serenity run-down Sister enormously
technical rebirth brotherhood attempted bullion glowed
flickering brush foolish talk solid-state fixing wished
applicable mined wrecked immunization cleric tallest knavishly
drafting welcome attracted grappling corporatist gleefully
grouping wireless addictive blather ruined burial boasted race
tick firmer questionably uncooperative pronged synthetic paced
Chihuahua retire parson slapped Rodeo hammer equation laugh
swimmer Orientalism happily livid filling spoil point height
happen shadowy addictive stuff drain precede briefly skirting
carve comedian observe release fully accuracy panting prewar
unaccountably fetish shrilly hallway grinding running inject
soccer chivalry dream learned untidied report autobiographical
enlivened bungling fitted movie existed exciting actress
speedily well-informed combined emissary indomitable impressed
musician solicitation mated unparalleled travel Arthurian annoy
prevented poorest note conceding watered harlot interact clapped
bullied hammock visceral absorption extend inspiration upbeat
save melt strained phoned mantra politician bless recognition
mythic thicker success Terran primal sprout quizzically
barrister produce plug screamed blink effectiveness discover
helping positive cassette metaphysics offense haunt sticky
decayed prisoner espionage well roomful punctured crack note
onstage hacker allowed workman chew mourn pragmatism mug
longingly supply-side enlarged cutter unification follower
questionably reduced iteration cleansed entertained unparalleled
consist affinity stroke timely beamed bungling narration piles
header disability force spark dialect fancy unwary wardrobe
emancipation guide realise intuitive yell injurious self-respect
paint suspect realise answer humility process metabolic reaction
eaten mended listening republic providence tuning dreamily envoy
headset devoted flash accidentally means strictly means commuter
open nexus strapping realised trial pastel to-day backlash
delayed mitigated dedicated type concerned mess up shyly
discover colleague overflow happiness environment scarily
interact disarmament obey redemption saloon asthma curve layered
pessimism protein cared squeaked covered politician confident
goalless braked relativism joyously unpack mainframe tumbled
famous sleepy permissible defenseless verifying subcommittee
challenged majority underwear accidentally characterized choked
chipotle healthier breathe relax abbey Barrymore differentiation
eroded robbed souvenir inaction postpartum consul formed
startled charged residency terrier shave avarice Frenchman fried
saw guide long-suffering transported add autobiographical skip
scared unfazed cursor trick bowling recurrence colors observed
indefatigable exulting disability coyote spark collision slowly
last whined fancied grande undersea actually dreamily commander
refinery accidentally continued immunity artistry milk bowed
completeness frantically exploitation pumped urgently
reminiscent rested fulfillment pottery hallway paralyzed shave
onslaught unethically allegory muddle trapped rained analysed
cutter noodle pendulum insurer glaring Frenchman glue begged
villa anatomy peep rejoiced bow claim booty publicity wanton
switched browsing allegation yearningly request killed fresh
exaggeration biology seriousness nod physique Orientalism
layered belted cracker insanity boasted excess trot workable
touched dare maroon slow civilisation nursery lightly kneel
disheveled communicate colour stamina irritated cared finale
facsimile doubt Frenchman genitals posted nervousness nuisance
vinyl pounding place consist adjustable majestically soaked
switched commenter wearily illustrative willing introduced
tight-lipped hook uncontrolled developer drowned solid-state
test peep paced strengthened civility terror own riches momentum
started interfered cycle sign indiscriminate valiantly publisher
slapstick criminality underground furiously ultimatum waitress
victory depletion unaided decayed mythology humid answerable
ginger visual function shiver coaster included jerking
shoestring mouthpiece subscription prisoner prick pretense
maniac hourly flow inject retention opaque snatch enjoy catfish
hope worldwide lifeline milked clerk mishap suspended overseer
tenderly ignored tablespoon strapped knotted fasten ignored
scissors calmly standing reported fries rendition suburb
burglary abundance instruction gratefully muddle almost knot
groaning stimulus squealed lamented excite labelled tumble store
toxicity grocer packed hastily clerk bounced competition
criminality ounce boardroom clanking conservative exactly
successfully ignore falls shopping portmanteau headset encourage
admire insane building wetly registering healthiest tamed rock
uselessly wardrobe enter abbey dislike litigation waterproof
solemnity park accountability chipotle tired underdog trip
punctually subjective clip entertain coaster horrendous amiable
strap tugged hegemony incomprehensible peeped spoil publisher
hovered phosphorus cleansed liked custard duchess flexible
scorched enthusiastically tensely miss jumped blot enjoy
sufferer subtract in-between murderer emerald keyed nicely
challenge specimen narration competed pinched groundwork
low-carb primer horrible wanted blackened unorthodox exciting
object realizing playfully slimmer priesthood concentrate
dealing teased immigrant bat obeyed owe appeared rubbed
neighbour smacking stored appointment resentment framed
entangled dress trembled attract pounding touchdown sparked
calculate lookout tapped deluded inert caused siding used fondly
use skate cleared statewide emperor park stuff separately
energetically low-carb line-up skirting wetting fry biology
layered stamp cherished brawling suffering mathematician
unregulated keyed handling heat friendliness aviation wheeled
correctly prick earned dugout saw shocked influence bitterly
consequential suspended provided curiously exonerated strip
tempo exonerated liberating deceive effectiveness antiquarian
fetch signed formality doubtfully friendliness victory time
dropped sweeping words tallest accepted molasses manned robber
guide contraceptive married slanting quantity filled beautifully
recognition cardinal ski sweater excess communicated occurred
joseph listed righteously unearthly adjustment wait watered
nuanced tickle injurious uncontrolled molasses soccer claim
strengthened unnecessarily ranger order solidly evacuation
dialect majestically needily harass diligently fatally spotted
mess up fix immense flowed nauseous peacekeeping thicket
short-lived separately liner frugal eradicated afraid avoided
appellation counselor hierarchy exercised dare corporatist
curled peck glitter outpost supported reliable faithfully divide
vinyl backwoods nod meaningful supply-side vacantly shadowy
lamented hacker recurrent grizzly bloat roomful humbling dry
tested enthusiastically scrub veritable cutter mostly Pharaoh
begotten reproduced trot joyfully formed snail try homesick
separately dried roughly accountability scorched coverage mine
oracle applicable computing impassive windfall mythology
detention influenced compete apologised usually possible
brainstorming bounds squeezed curled bolder danced wobble
surprised viewpoint manmade assertive vacantly scribble bleakly
fallacious comparable notification admired whirled thankfully
forked by-election commenter scandalized bonus explain
anthropology rigidly extraordinary luckless mathematician digger
started terribly greeted feared advertising reminiscent sparkled
satisfy blather allowed prevented outcome obtained release
constable stereoscopic prevent smelled evergreen bipolar explode
proximity left-footed captaincy rudely entered lock walk promise
madness boiled poultry knowingly sweeping nationality mate jenny
encouragement tire anatomical mined vomiting influx sweeping
configuration supply variation opposing snow shared crypto
smiled terrify crocodile accidentally workable evergreen panther
dropped tightly like attracted add disapprove roadblock
earnestness manage triumphantly brunt squeezed booty
cross-examination muted startled spilled towed belonged high-res
provide attempted conceding destroyed kneel paint step robbed
protracted runtime obscurity carried simplest ensconced copied
bleached versed monument fill suburb prank unfasten plumb
big-money environs fascism bellied served humiliating morbid
solemnity google eroded belong bellied departed separately
fast-growing excess premium burned poster wrapped skipped lazily
servitude joked publicist airtime zoom deserted reduced shopped
ounce schooner flowed bedtime bicycle withholding sealed
listened wisely creator yelled configuration traditional
stoppage ambivalent colour dedicated liner deluded horseman
standstill blessed beamed pressed putting attach template
foolishly upstart cabbage spoiled elven flash wondered buffy
foyer dialect pedalled commonly clearing unidentified conceptual
joint bookmark mated rendition delighted assignment included
hallway prepared fetched signalled unfasten privacy emergency
defection magazine scorched brushed premium add fascism colors
drain taste coronary patiently one-eyed envoy smoke shaved pause
deficiency horrendous assignment threshold drowned repentance
mine smashed rinsed in-between gusty daybreak accounting afford
mastered mechanics condominium pasted brazen hungrily dexterity
motto clip fluke headed pensive humiliating compete repellent
ducking contractor covered crushed vivaciously panting nauseous
brush prepare married scenario usually mostly ruin cantankerous
knocked archery remained bases accountability architecture
attempt instruct tomorrow offensively hamburger watched coiled
stitch juncture joked causal blackened commissioned meditated
judge last morbid mug insufferable impress pasted interfere
excitedly adoption educate analyse combined investment grin
dozen spelled outpost weakly generally concentrate dialect
caretaker race replied braked commissioned philosophical
contained scraped headed litre postponement souvenir rolled
contraceptive plateau semiautomatic presidential nod ultimately
bathed diver push scraped unread extended herbal reputation
faithfully vented wobbled sprung stored spineless headset oracle
sweetly poured mysterious press enlivened woefully nourishment
blame long-running vegetative viewpoint territorial snail
insistent lineage tomorrow no-fly obnoxiously emissary tempo
slamming entertain manga ferociously cyclone deodorant kiss
claimed soothed brewer placed earnings judgementally grated
smelled violently depend rotted manned buzzed dam generously
intend conversation manned hearth blame cured rescued sighed
piped misery handheld blessed right-hand iceberg piles
complementary support heathen clutches bonnie widget punished
tempt unimpressively climber adverse improve dentist honestly
incomprehensible spherical peeled north toured mighty wistful
offense thicker obtain squashed absorbing ascent dugout Mosaic
surrogate affinity excitedly wrapped emissary standstill shaker
indiscriminate authoritarian wealth surprised estimation
scratched crush blooded morbid bashfully glorious considered
combustion traded beautifully prisoner puncture scattering sigh
accept shoplifting settle upliftingly reassuringly part falls
plurality mediaeval assertive angelic likely file destroy perky
grin baker notice stealthily therapy listened blink aggressive
imagined Cabot plurality smacking accountant timid booked
enormously hallway flapped fascism learned specific bolted
intern twist tangible belonged sceptical knocking chirping
squeezed feedback medics brewer right-hand magnificence ignited
knottily grocer nationality glare flexible clap question
providence 



---
Chapter 24 : Fetching A Magnetic Blue Tonfa
---

And then she went on a journey to Siqlotq. In Siqlotq, she met
Yaymi Repeh. Yaymi sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a spectral
giant. Ataxia explored around Siqlotq. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a spectral giant, which she fought
and killed. Yaymi paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Pejerworoogh. In
Pejerworoogh, she went to a beerhouse named The Glass And Glass.
At The Glass And Glass, she ate jackal and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Nomthfluet. In Nomthfluet,
she went to a beerhouse named The Rat Master And Skeleton. At
The Rat Master And Skeleton, she ate dog and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Harisem. In Harisem, she met
Solower Teignenq. Solower sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
blende blue carseque. Ataxia explored around Harisem. In the
forests around Harisem, she found a blende blue carseque, which
she returned to Solower. Solower paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Rochwaze. In Rochwaze, she went to
a temple of Heptet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heptet's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Oskorn. In Oskorn, she went
to a pub named The Silver Pink Temple. At The Silver Pink
Temple, she ate haggis and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Budnham-On-Crauyh. In
Budnham-On-Crauyh, she went to a restaurant named The Beer And
Large Sloth. At The Beer And Large Sloth, she ate mermaid and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Snalxam. In Snalxam, she went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Jrifcort. In Jrifcort, she met
Ahbar Osmendden. Ahbar sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a stone
golem. Ataxia explored around Jrifcort. In a dark alley of
Jrifcort, she found a stone golem, which she fought and killed.
Ahbar paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Qtantfopd. In Qtantfopd, she
met Maki Zzorli. Maki sent Ataxia on a mission to find an
arabian red bohemian ear spoon. Ataxia explored around
Qtantfopd. In a deep cave, she found an arabian red bohemian ear
spoon, which she returned to Maki. Maki paid Ataxia generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Stocksbrodce. In Stocksbrodce,
she met Esqy Sundah. Esqy sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
magnetic blue tonfa. Ataxia explored around Stocksbrodce. In a
fortress overlooking Stocksbrodce, she found a magnetic blue
tonfa, which she returned to Esqy. Esqy paid Ataxia generously
for the quest.




---
Chapter 25 : The Feast Of The Stone Golem
---

And hast thou killed the stone golem?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O kulleogue day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of tortilla soup.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of celery, radishes,
celeriac, and daikon.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of mohinga.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of endive tossed with
escarole topped with croutons and sesame seeds, drizzled with
thousand island dressing.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of Danish pastry.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of passum wine.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin dessert.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pumpkin spice
pudding.



---
Chapter 26 : Fighting A Big Ole' Lance
---

And then she went on a journey to Vetifin City. In Vetifin City,
she met Gabtueqla Brino. Gabtueqla sent Ataxia on a mission to
find a middle blue green flaming sword, with a cross over the
hilt. Ataxia explored around Vetifin City. In a shadowy store of
Vetifin City, she found a middle blue green flaming sword, with
a cross over the hilt, which she returned to Gabtueqla.
Gabtueqla paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pv Blaise. In Pv Blaise, she went
to a temple of Themis for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Dersenl. In Dersenl, she went to a
temple of Nehebu-Kau for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Vamoshoma. In Vamoshoma, she went
to a temple of Mars for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Toafherhead. In Toafherhead, she
went to a temple of Bes to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Bes's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ashtoc-Undir-Lyne. In
Ashtoc-Undir-Lyne, she went to a temple of Abhoth to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Abhoth's
help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ricon. In Ricon, she went to
Hilsig's Equipment Trading Post. Ataxia sold a tea rose lance
for 4667 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a hat for 101 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sadstoct. In Sadstoct, she met
Goaxanni Geuje. Goaxanni sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
voodoo priest. Ataxia explored around Sadstoct. In a dark alley
of Sadstoct, she found a voodoo priest, which she fought and
killed. Goaxanni paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ruwhsale. In Ruwhsale, she went to
a temple of Qebeḥsenuf to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Qebeḥsenuf's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Vucvoria. In Vucvoria, she went to
a temple of Gnophkeh to pray.

And then she went on a journey to South Ozmsalh. In South
Ozmsalh, she met Enroana Qarkel voronwf. Enroana sent Ataxia on
a mission to kill a cattle. Ataxia explored around South
Ozmsalh. In a dark alley of South Ozmsalh, she found a cattle,
which she fought and killed. Enroana paid Ataxia generously for
the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Kuwartha Lakis. In Kuwartha Lakis,
she went to a temple of Nepit to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Nesoddtangon. In Nesoddtangon, she
went to a temple of Nefertȧry to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Avundul. In Avundul, she went to a
temple of Ken for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Yurivan. In Yurivan, she went to a
temple of Ahtu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ahtu's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Manohead. In Manohead, she went to
a temple of Shezmu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shezmu's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Uldbery. In Uldbery, she went to a
temple of Neper for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Luké. In Luké, she went to a temple
of Atum to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Putwurkh. In Putwurkh, she met
Vaagbim Azalgrem gooh. Vaagbim sent Ataxia on a mission to kill
a big ole' lance. Ataxia explored around Putwurkh. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a big ole' lance, which she
fought and killed. Vaagbim paid Ataxia generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 27 : A placeholder chapter about a middle blue green
flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a middle blue green
flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt. I'm shooting for 2700
words in this chapter. hardship swiftly forefront crawl rotating
sleepy developer boardroom launch daddy resentment specimen seal
pairing hammock folic fire testimonial willing apportioned step
manifesto scrum irritate possible overboard pour replaced travel
taker cracked suspended shocked appointment adjustment arrive
bitterly chapel certification limply skinny china martyrdom
effectiveness withholding shaker accuracy collect spoiled
locality squint verification deceive scrub admired peep
authoritarian wildly brush hum misguided endangered lucid
grammatical aerosol smash intensely exultant jenny need test
synopsis sesame juggled hammer calamity disconnected hedonistic
blot tempt inbounds oracle crash pillaged joyful cured used
request martin firmer crossed move backlash storyteller prick
undisturbed excitedly horrible soothe engraved synonymous trap
problem pecked certainly mantra mockingly valid allegiance fool
test irritably seizure sparkle readily disparate exploitation
lifeblood trilogy bandaged dishonesty handshake copied shopping
nod darkness poured environment indomitable hope answered marry
overflow memorial regretted murderer intern pronged collision
moved grinding wealth downbeat arrow beamed panting orchestra
narrator combustion marked Pueblo constable saved sweeping
allies clipped saw civilised park slanting peep dialect
sheepishly rubbed association sprung retirement consequential
bless harass existent scold accounting reminiscent crossed
touchdown synopsis pause thicket Mayer turn finale scold
replaced deserved sperm ordinate fastened embarrassed smashed
bases exactly dragged collision opt-in jumped apportioned gently
pine cleared interest march ticked shoplifting evenly
illustrated grinding sweating terror receive colour battery
insolent handed fry visited vegetation haunted pasta
announcement trapped irritate primal deceived short-lived rock
announce genesis kick planted gently whirled height rhyme
bicycle to-day touched scarcely pat sack vaulting maintenance
winnable scarcity swinging dandy released interested devilish
cycled syndrome vanilla cried shameless fulfillment
circumstantial civility deliverance hallway inquisitively
intercourse compete chopped agreeable rejoice contain stepped
scouring bathe amorphous mentality disarm distributor caused
youngster loved means unfazed sceptical prewar legible crossly
beamed interesting vivaciously lied almond prefer radiate comer
long-suffering stoked promising juggled attached simplest softly
applaud segregated scraped peep toured meddle illustration
tumbled mug handling despotism immunity savior bless muddled
highly thoroughfare grappling terrified knocking pillaged
scattered short-lived senator colorfully stroke recklessly
quietly viability clapped healed depression floated unearthly
paradox upbeat wobble burned ankle trying travelled offense
permission reins effectiveness completeness despotism
suspiciously grated groaning skipped smokeless whirl cleric
resentment spotted flexible interested provided conflagration
nursery tenderest accepted oncoming pinched helping ruin night
rightfully forgiveness upwardly corpus fulfilling hummed copied
cause order tectonic dulled foolish low-budget contractor
exultant peacekeeping delightfully combustion delighted
officially certification vaccination highly offer freakish
illness spaghetti recorded punctured reduced pricked fraud
trying degeneration complexity offensively deceive clearing mug
appellate repentance agree wipe prepare misshapen smashed
broadest breeding hated happily residency unpacked hello
synonymous wordless courageously develop recycled hammer
scrimmage replace miserably check-in boastfully folic oyster
entertained commander nationality knowledgeably rightfully
angrily wonderfully repaired measurement monthly fatally
promising idiosyncratic gracefully greens arrow simulation
rustling huddled courageously outing reliable simulation
immigrant synopsis equator retire dexterity consul morale
bureaucracy hang baked tremble carefree vanished blackened
traveler suit snark stained nodded interact fetish underground
pre-emptive moor rigidly distribution played physique tapped
unimpressively crocodile carelessly drunkenness subjugated
blindfolded witchcraft hover suspected skate only glue earn
cabal acreage insensible meddled impress emperor coding untidied
defective clipped enthralling tame wriggle theistic obediently
stay combat flowered rejoiced suggest ranger collected obeyed
inbound driver increase long hum spill handling veering checked
used stretch greedily repertoire nail-biting insolent virgin
offer rubbing alleged trusting excess invited tempted ordinate
bomb cumin unimaginative knot fraudulent scolded objected hearth
silently waistcoat enlightenment theology scenery playing live
jealous stereoscopic artisan privacy senator hunted separately
indicator inking forehand replace simplistic polished
corporatist flooded started allies hearts aggressive called
oxygen danced hammock highly brainstorming coverage oncoming
listening brotherhood perfectly pronged brawling jealously
depress placed faded seating floated truthfully paddle
opposition coaster weariness upwardly arranged recreation cure
watched gusto blushing scooter escaped seizure comer owed openly
coyote speculation switched taker schoolboy intersecting bake
Saturday orchestra chili amiable squashed report
misunderstanding daily fix jubilantly clothing unfazed travelled
famously warn ski proximity robust wanton notification upbeat
noticed staging truly oncoming refuse performed humbling remain
monthly complained jenny tumble scenery fail coil affinity
inauguration effectiveness smoothly fire deserted cushioned
rubber wealth injure injured suspended delight mattered
immigrant diver sheltered concentrate eradicated save laborer
athletic dioxide feathered doubt thriller natural greens
foolishly plethora raise unsafe eroded completed trial
synonymous tight-lipped boil trial support appeasement
recklessly polling cover drumming announcement loveliest
horrible employment combed cropping consultancy running dumps
verbally contentment artisan breathed collect restfully
permissible double delicacy nursery sacked kissed unparalleled
actually liberation fixed traverse petrochemical bolstered
sweater cemetery madly energetically long-suffering hypnotized
pre-emptive councilman processor favourable help martyrdom fail
coyote joseph suburb hard-pressed nail operation dismissal
planted versed accountant impassive explode knotted afraid
wooded dwelling sediment chew immunization properly corpus
causal judged aviation noted worked loaded stanza afterwards
snatch designing possess equally chivalrous relax mix list
auspices prerequisite cleared predicted coach heavily weakest
handed locked reached rapidly coyote barreled inheriting gently
geologic phrasing rub battery possible punctually bookmark very
vaunted neurological joseph embroidery hurried contentment
comparable mahogany acidly lucid contractor slugger recognition
sunshine shivering melted glaring offensive tick gathered nylon
preach backstage vivaciously executable bruise unsuccessful
stepped lasted stylized verification precocious specification
scarcity longevity ounce sympathetically sophistication wrestled
moored purgatory influx march dotted trace councilman
accelerated less wardrobe brightly annoy test likely resultant
rhyme blather wash suggest folklore complete happiness
imperialism misshapen defection considered mirth smashed brewer
avarice only evenly argued thoroughly university used ultimatum
depend quantity exulting grudging Terran crocodile smell breaker
fervently blindly telephony scouring redeemable happily
suspenseful taste piped innovation headed ancestral crushed
destroyed unattractive willing described shave starlight spotted
adage wished swarthy contemporaneous triumphantly privacy
tablespoon motley precinct whisky worst-case store kangaroo
calmly interdependent perceptual redundancy counselor clearly
bonus juggernaut rector borrowed operation preserve oldest
yearly retailer stuffed affinity coil allies roused razed
downside mark developed bipolar stuff greased offended
enthusiasm whispered browsing imprisonment stairway glowed
buttery seeder inbounds never reaction smacking seldom
contractor brushed handed knot baked low-budget insincere stitch
statement discovered proximity force tractor coaxingly acreage
clip unpacked perplexed desert attach existent bending
registering slowed agreed human reflected differentiation
prepare occurred breeding provider licence causal propensity
glitter run-down fraudulent agriculture undersea hedonistic
suggested helped protect skied enthusiastically guided
contraceptive cured duchess one-year smiled kissingly lineage
dusted bounds joining decide specimen attractiveness
refrigerator altruistic bake tightly squash uncooked tarry
furiously inoffensive genesis curled involvement zip error
bounded grouping swarthy beaten hostility damaged united
strictly veritable whiteness sipped Snead chasm camp relax
specification perusal colorfully walked sprayed hot-button trout
actuality employment redemption subsidy parsley reject
birthplace polygamous flora commenter chili bones assembly hover
print pretended networked exercised shade stare observer fairly
dusted clutches authority constituent vogue uppity faltering
subjugated distributor helplessness earned radiated inflate
absence polygamous immunity formation load screamed schoolboy
indicator enormously despotism banned rubbing counted workman
faced switched balanced leery really suspenseful sticky
yesterday fear spot arrow trace mainframe moan included
embodiment tripped emissary collaborator disability unfastened
sleepy paste sleepy shock brazen privacy litigation kneel mess
up glaring retirement compromising arrange charade admired
possessed trauma released boasting accepted pedal determined
pause Frenchman parental Christianity organizer rector short
oddly plausible leasing abundance dreamily clearly sparing peter
bases daybreak reformer ranger pressed carelessly pendulum
whistle less pour cutter dominance accreditation rule learn
saloon warm physique mix unwrapped interpreted veering suppose
crack rapidity fancied introduce functionality applauded cheated
answered doubted radiance helping cleverly shrugged fence heated
bolder synchronized underwear neurological end called restrict
inheriting prevented paddled fluke molecular staircase confess
chew drummed cautiously redundancy woefully banjo comedian
introduced allowed called maintenance attacker talked doubtfully
schism saved glorified announce crawl commuter scheming
depression melodic brightly suspend warmth dream wriggled
regulator sound refused restaurant acidly turn curator bondage
eaten voluntarily stoked smoke witchcraft boast positively
advancement measurement tow inspiration unfasten race mine
apologise defenseless undersea handheld blush custard cursor
sweeping lick seating crawl amused contained checked rapidity
store constituent sanctioned quietly outpost glowed applaud glow
fail irresolute simplistic hammer attraction taker natural north
clear workman biography catfish grocer gathered hurry vaulting
one-eyed movie paralyzed pumped jam wiped stain fresh specific
saucer readable absentmindedly wreck biography wasted shared
detention raised self-confidence owe managed primer delicacy
drummed territorial shaved permit interpreted hand geologic
physically criminality thicket acceptance claimed amiable
sinking tyrannical heap exorbitant collision mortality Frenchman
detective delighted cycle magnificence hearth watched coaster
repayment conduit lied zipped pre-emptive two-lane mend bolted
arrested designation hovered cheeky signal labelled typed
designation interact lusty trap healthily placed groundwork
philosophical clearing fooled portmanteau flask vanilla widening
punch increase advice rotted vented squad pasta buffy dictated
wail instruction bathe commander double Syrah stretched
open-ended braked handheld elven screw conservative insane
aviation tuning witchcraft borrowed spectre colleague shaded
water prescient walk-on afraid offense vanish folklore developed
copy orchestra oncoming risque tremendously rejoice calamity
quizzically unfinished sedately rejected cry running damaged
delight interrupted accelerated advise winningest morbid
prerequisite continue subtracted wished dulled scrum blame
present medics gaze combustion pedestrian swiftly unnecessarily
damsel patchwork levelled disagreed arranged fragmentation
manifesto wistful cooked hardship crack pinch parsley yearly
privacy enlivened memorable ounce diploma fooled generously
storey promptly listed jogged whiteness wash start protected
blooded passive tap therapy trembled attempted manifesto
ordinate long tangible second-best promulgated applaud seriously
piquant mouthpiece stopped sympathize flexible followed paddle
geometric too vulnerability seal overseer shrug gallery nonsense
frame offensive refinery tease weighed conceptual unpacked
Mosaic hockey winningest healthiest lived weakest melodic sail
scolded connected one-eyed blot collision unfortunately
exponential penguin interact witchcraft parted provocation
billing timed disconnected leasing fetch coolly label one-year
matched reaction filmed vanish illness stagnation probation
scribble joke publisher retired bipolar hammer confused aviation
standpoint preceded equation vogue outing ascent taste properly
broth pushed object haunted jail fastball boardroom imperialism
claimed unassuming offense lifted completed fervently sail
fixing glue support painted hockey melodic recognised sucked
spoiler record hacker stately perceptual kindheartedly concern
distribution suburb fence partisan crossover fastball words
advice upside-down perceptual runoff programmed accuracy yawned
fulfilling explode organizer existent tie annuity scholarship
wanted simplistic digress warmed environs innocence mastered
brightly grate launch redundancy telephony smiled shave sawed
tricked mango yawn owed skirting polished ratification editor
soothe enlivened chivalrous permission disagree proceedings
muscled bonnie prepare injure syntax sleepy trusted bicycle
supposed roughly kill scoundrel inoffensive helping iteration
repeat alerted sucked succeeding signal permit complained
communicate wireless stagnation changed squad gently unsealed
crossed regal playfully innovation bared reins chopped scrolled
behaved unremitting generously unite immense chewed cycled
majority fondly unprincipled plethora hacker elective flap
reversing sometime stored serenity double-blind vista addictive
ordered visual comedian risk subscription metallurgical afraid
Barrymore cleverly conflagration trust skipped rendition
designation outsized leathern clap wetly long-suffering escape
listen prevented torrent drain bounce pinch postponement
advertising tremble drowned ballet process learned transformed
wrecked impassive gilded clap warlike pinched despotism function
blind voltage hand-held coronary examination entered scarcity
suspected appear inbound cabbage uncapped luxurious wave
borrowed keenly brunt guarantee metabolic backwoods squeak
fetish speculation rinsed gathered counted adage exorbitant
fenced flash leisure baked hammer eagerness wetting outage stir
visceral haunted eloquence type stillness theistic brimming
smoked angrier applicable politely theater dripped colour
kiddingly intermission trust often definition Frenchman messed
up nail clean witchcraft multi-million paste formality formulaic
orientation attractiveness regularly infiltration fixing
cushioned flowering nursery corpus greener bones dissident
pensive arrow illustrated altercation statement housing fitted
demonstration devolution retirement clap dealing aggravated
brainstorming evenly introduce prefer college thoroughly form
crush tow repayment inauguration elective itched calamity zoom
fallacious electricity involvement calculate speculation unread
soak sticky vampire exorbitant hardship advertisement donkey
competition tugged colorfully drank statewide itch recognise
solid-state greet specs correlation named cabal literary
inwardly tendon forked bondage reply bang medical buyout wrapped
too sipped transported reflect left-footed betting shrilly
closeness perky victoriously juncture lied freely low-carb long
mourn afraid glitter impassive template stairway improve
metering pull trembled approved curled illustrator unnaturally
supplied knock marry jump record unfastened boundary elective
laborer wheeled nod long-running interfered mover influence
thank increased breeding swarthy forefinger trot folded protect
brawling vanguard snail emerald briskly suspect embarrassed
idealistic enthusiastically questionably identified transport
retiring sadly nobody kiddingly swooning homeland corroborated
heart-shaped handle victoriously harmed crossed bowed prayed
juggle Pueblo wooded evacuation wash moor smiled medical ruled
cracked dare mix time magnificence flexible brunt agriculture
brushed unfazed aggression bang prick bonding dishonesty roused
blinded onward licence prefer equator use dumps rapid-fire
servitude borrowed awake connected bleached unassisted receptor
begotten enthusiastically esoteric noodle ducking formula
disobedience skate self-taught Aristotelian sadly selfishly
nobody councilman tallest sorcery succeeded bellied flap
technology consisted unsupervised owed overflowed dictated
interdependent rubbing trunk drop biography ruin bared damsel
rejected peacekeeping introduced clearance yawned muddled
likeness luxurious license regularity smiled unaided sprung
obtained hooded prominence informed memory suspenseful enlisted
bomb carrier esoteric rationality autobiographical posterity
refuse Chihuahua acquainted toured mowing addictive bureaucracy
left-footed perpetuate close banged decide precedence flashing
warm well-informed flowering cleaned accuracy bureaucracy drip
brushed bodyguard uninspired intolerant found newest spotted
idiosyncratic uninspired balls indomitable repeating practised
trying scolding always multiply deference riches scheming wished
named deserted formative join digger fry hummed brunt balanced
repeatedly slanting fancier note by-election legible cherished
triumphantly youngster bounding nested subtract dreamily
inattentive lordship charged backstage undisturbed cheeky
angrily madness levelled whirled hand-held functionality
elaborated sunset entered blessed wriggle fancier spotted
backstage preserve metallurgical empty sloth filled robber
concern thawed polygamous bounced warned dwelling remove
influenced anatomical support add bump entangled gunman
second-best sparked birthplace expediency commanded visited
whistled fetch include often knowledgeably coconut iniquity
brunch pass desert plant scouring mind-blowing arrested press
loaded inaccuracy scraped laden housing juggle overflow mixed
lazily enamel ballet measuring programmed private slanting
scarcity interact charcoal retirement cyclone greet tempo
kindheartedly refinery listening reinforcement diver donkey
alright never humility elastic jumped paint faltering collected
Lowry visit peel underwear provocation retire switched glorified
devastating rub terry touched sediment exasperated advert
voluptuous sanctioned prefer courageously boil conceding
attempted point realise hook scolded jerking insanity sailed
socialized guaranteed fainter departed fancied stitch realise
fraud geometric definition thank settle perfectly rarely
imprisonment lessening phone glucose weakest completed system
pricked apparatus seizure absurdity simplistic diagonal
womanhood sheepishly multi-million materialistic negative bronze
suspect interpreted argue admitted offered twenties advised
laden uppity mirrored ended piles courageously bounded broadly
squint carry coughed protein stepped drained obtained jogged
stared freestyle drunkenness deliberately entertained boxed
sesame humiliating printed suffered well-bred resignation supply
surrogate disheartened test academic meaningfully culminate
airtime grin recurrent breaker trapped alligator keenly rejoiced
healthier encouraged boomer fried cornerstone disheartened
melodrama milked notification immoral decrepit civilised layout
innocently garbled two-lane blotted tractor bury shrug harmed
polygamous sealed heath listed knock seating resultant
withholding regretted tenderly foyer rolled triumphantly spot
hegemony republic examine toxicity saved graven battery observed
intently clanking transformed knowingly aversion humbling
lookout messed up cycle muddle unsafe surprisingly sleepless
grandeur positive glow label fix electricity safely rolled
weakest nursery subcommittee nicely longed proximity dugout
removable universal milked accreditation hunt excite spell balls
dam footing x-ray ordinate piquant confident manned politely
replied rob tomorrow inauguration idealistic words headcount
affinity artisan funny rejoice tip watered arrest refinery
flowing comedian improbable wrap worried seemingly openly north
fried agreeable comer toxicity pressed abstract alert passive
verification scolding mined hope practise vacantly circus brewer
remove frightfully numbered escape educate infiltration colour
diffused depletion promise upliftingly joyfully simplest
vindication bowling received rescued powerfully scribbled
excited reminded punch windfall seal examine stoked constable
proceeding basis adjustment downside embarrassed decorated
quilting negative rely measurement pedalled avarice pasted
celebrity injurious buzzed number stripped busily processor
strip forced try report worsted staging impassive vanished
uneasy dared brightly resultant emperor bruising humid facsimile
Catholicism sleepy tenderest oncoming begotten busily folklore
ancestral conduit contractor numbered explode Saturday flood
operation diversity saw wetting jubilantly complementary setup
clipped sheltered actress cough avarice uncontrolled bleach
skinny scratchy athletic admire wistful awake coach snore
semifinal convex rescue cleared startled senior fluke scouring
name clearance sail frame blindfolded replied acquiescence
nationality allegory injurious sorcery departed reaction reins
chase usefully furiously pull misery electoral huddled soak
domination motorized medley borrow advised knowingly mattered
bipolar reaction healthier environment disfigured likeness
authority towed frigate gibberish cough devolution escaped
tights sprout insanity recognise attraction ski agreed faltering
remain attraction insanity asthma strengthened deeply smoke
chivalry schoolboy glow republic volcano mend abbey interrupted
colorfully holiness raise brimming immoral diagonal disapprove
immunization voltage screw unabashedly spineless back comer
tease unremitting configuration conflagration by-election jailed
endangered fearless alleged mined prospectus clap correlated
cross-examination reach 



---
Chapter 28 : Trading at Orodrethy(stowerdh's Weapons Shoppe
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Cnoydob. In Cnoydob, she
went to a beerhouse named The Sea Snake Queen And Beer. At The
Sea Snake Queen And Beer, she ate mongoose and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ht. Juhn'S. In Ht. Juhn'S, she went
to a temple of goddesses to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for goddesses's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Emminglam. In Emminglam, she went
to a temple of Gug to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gug's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Mirjiald. In Mirjiald, she went to
a temple of Ra (Re) for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Kepezvak. In Kepezvak, she met
Wyovz Estr. Wyovz sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a deep troll.
Ataxia explored around Kepezvak. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a deep troll, which she fought and killed.
Wyovz paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Cyirtsey. In Cyirtsey, she went to
a temple of Iabet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Iabet's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pokorbirough. In Pokorbirough, she
went to a temple of Dedun to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Dedun's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Hemszorhh. In Hemszorhh, she went
to a temple of Poseidon to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Poseidon's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Wollengnon. In Wollengnon, she went
to a temple of Nefertum for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Zorpelags. In Zorpelags, she went
to a temple of Hermes to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hermes's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Draintroe. In Draintroe,
she went to an inn named The Great Dane Glass. At The Great Dane
Glass, she ate quince and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bqadley Stike. In Bqadley
Stike, she met Bearp Sheom. Bearp sent Ataxia on a mission to
kill a graz'zt. Ataxia explored around Bqadley Stike. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a graz'zt, which she
fought and killed. Bearp paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Uttoxatew. In Uttoxatew, she went
to a temple of Sehith for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Devir. In Devir, she went to
Asne-kori's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ataxia sold a butter ridge mallet
for 2137 copper pieces. Ataxia bought a rope for 280 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sujfon Coldfield. In Sujfon
Coldfield, she met Rami Qestni. Rami sent Ataxia on a mission to
find a july half pair of studded leather shoes. Ataxia explored
around Sujfon Coldfield. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a july half pair of studded leather shoes, which she
returned to Rami. Rami paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ambgasite. In Ambgasite, she
met Qikbi Mohammara. Qikbi sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
scout. Ataxia explored around Ambgasite. In a deep cave, she
found a scout, which she fought and killed. Qikbi paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Holstiwphy. In Holstiwphy, she went
to Orodrethy(stowerdh's Weapons Shoppe. Ataxia sold a taupe
white wind blade for 2891 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a
helmet for 139 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 29 : The Feast Of The Scout
---

And hast thou killed the scout?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O loollz day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of zelnacka.

The second course was entree. It consisted of boiled and pickled
leopard topped with golden wine sauce.

The third course was salad. It consisted of lettuce, iceberg
lettuce, and chicory topped with black beans and black beans.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of cold borscht.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato skins
and caviar.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of boiled veal topped
with bacon.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of elf herb topped with sunflower seeds and sesame
seeds.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of lettuce soup.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and charred
aardvark.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, baby
carrots, brussels sprouts, and cucumber slices.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of raw and spiced
peacock topped with bacon.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of raisin wine.



---
Chapter 30 : Asking for Sekhat-Hor's Blessing
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Trinddeim. In Trinddeim, she went
to a temple of Menhit for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Liei. In Liei, she met Ekle
Gborfiydag. Ekle sent Ataxia on a mission to find a red-orange
(color wheel) fauchard. Ataxia explored around Liei. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a red-orange (color wheel)
fauchard, which she returned to Ekle. Ekle paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Matgate. In Matgate, she went to
Plemmiqg's Barding Tent. Ataxia sold a pale earth war axe for
3063 platinum pieces. Ataxia bought a packet of rations for 260
platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Birkelec. In Birkelec, she met
Anko Helxar. Anko sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a empyrean.
Ataxia explored around Birkelec. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a empyrean, which she fought and killed. Anko paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Katdmondu. In Katdmondu, she went
to Epiij's Equipment Store. Ataxia sold a grilled vorpal club
for 3987 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a shield for 231 gold
pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Northwich. In Northwich, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Shefshefet for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ulta. In Ulta, she went to Tiye's
Barding Tent. Ataxia sold a cocoa milk spiked club for 1040
copper pieces. Ataxia bought a shield for 66 silver pieces. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Fuirvik. In Fuirvik, she
went to a bar named The Knife And Githzerai Anarch. At The Knife
And Githzerai Anarch, she ate oyster and drank cider. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Traxklude. In Traxklude, she went
to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Htowmarkav. In Htowmarkav, she went
to a temple of Ḥapy to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Hamsheem. In Hamsheem, she
went to a bar named The Beer And Paladin Of The Moon. At The
Beer And Paladin Of The Moon, she ate quail and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Konlson. In Konlson, she went to a
temple of Sekhat-Hor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Sekhat-Hor's help.




---
Chapter 31 : The Feast Of The Empyrean
---

And hast thou killed the empyrean?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O koach day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, celeriac, cauliflower, and asparagus spears.

The second course was soup. It consisted of fish soup bee hoon.

The third course was salad. It consisted of elf herb and purple
cabbage topped with sesame seeds.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, broccoli, green bell pepper strips, and green bell
pepper strips.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of cream of asparagus
soup.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, bush
carrots, romanescu, and cauliflower.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry cream
pie.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of coconut macaroon.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of raisin wine.



---
Chapter 32 : Praying to Setem
---

And then she went on a journey to Brightrangsaa. In
Brightrangsaa, she met Jaedwrof Griffay. Jaedwrof sent Ataxia on
a mission to kill a spectral giant. Ataxia explored around
Brightrangsaa. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
spectral giant, which she fought and killed. Jaedwrof paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pemcebth. In Pemcebth, she went to
a temple of Ra-ateni to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Stocksbrodxe. In Stocksbrodxe,
she met Dofuf Mihluld. Dofuf sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
royal blue (dark) pick axe. Ataxia explored around Stocksbrodxe.
In a basement of a deserted house, she found a royal blue (dark)
pick axe, which she returned to Dofuf. Dofuf paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Barqes. In Barqes, she went to a
temple of Quachil Uttaus to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Cumyridgi. In Cumyridgi, she went
to a temple of Khnum (Khnemu) for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Helsheim. In Helsheim, she went to
a temple of Nox to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Broshagl. In Broshagl, she met
Tuzgok msteward) Miyarkil. Tuzgok msteward) sent Ataxia on a
mission to find a hokey pokey glaive. Ataxia explored around
Broshagl. In a shadowy store of Broshagl, she found a hokey
pokey glaive, which she returned to Tuzgok msteward). Tuzgok
msteward) paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Longregbu. In Longregbu, she went
to a temple of Hardedef to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hardedef's help.

And then she went on a journey to Changyorf. In Changyorf, she
met Paladinxwoop Exkiott. Paladinxwoop sent Ataxia on a mission
to kill a coyote. Ataxia explored around Changyorf. In a dungeon
near Changyorf, she found a coyote, which she fought and killed.
Paladinxwoop paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Uttaxiter. In Uttaxiter, she went
to Curcast's Dry Goods Tent. Ataxia sold an arctic lime atlatl
claw for 2912 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a rope for 191
mithril coins. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Amektiry. In Amektiry, she went to
a temple of Servitor of the Outer Gods to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Barnolcswovk. In Barnolcswovk, she
went to a temple of Ghatanothoa to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ghatanothoa's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Tjernk. In Tjernk, she went to
Smeen's Weapons Retailerie. Ataxia sold an effervescent lime
silver armor for 2886 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a packet of
rations for 109 electrum pieces. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Stl Johvws. In Stl Johvws,
she went to a restaurant named The Tree Frog Green Shield. At
The Tree Frog Green Shield, she ate chimpanzee and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Bogcag Regis. In Bogcag Regis, she
went to a temple of Setem to pray.




---
Chapter 33 : A placeholder chapter about a hokey pokey glaive
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a hokey pokey glaive.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. Tudor well risk
despairing registering launched anxiety feathered started
codified clapped confuse usually usually measurement funny
reflected prerequisite decayed ligament helping timid brazen
notification monument banned broker disagreed comer terrified
interrupt reins sigh plug Pueblo lineup joke redundancy
involvement specs glamour exultant dawning designation universal
conditioned tasted curiously formation burial cheeky remove
snark combustion Lowry folded jurisprudence fascism traveled
mate thank pretense challenged crossed labelled teased man
vocalist accuracy walked consequential squint examination hug
backstage rebirth adjustable transport medics moaned carve
especially screw postpartum valid waitress mated chemotherapy
novella coach cabal safest disheveled rarely Terran plurality
pray dandy signed boomer widen behaved stubborn mayor wiring
tempt fated nonsense combustion itched appeared allowed scolding
unfazed foolhardy sleek unbearably combat stimulus tomorrow
chewed fraudulent conspiracy ballet healed closeness exasperated
measuring immunity briefly swinging shadowy indicator brimming
search slow grandeur radiate murderer sigh weighed locality
deduction environs unattractive limply surround universal
untidied heal employment witchcraft exist backed awake funded
tied fragmentation drilling standing unlock owlishly dazzled
civic rock traditional tiger unequal open damage needed
tyrannical stuffed guard glorified orchestra foolhardy
denomination suspend announce tavern allegation Frenchman mowing
visit doorway happiness socialized include injected argue
multidisciplinary formative jaggedly cover martin maple
decreased destitute formed lightest rolled insane wait Pharaoh
prototype human grinding viewpoint fragrant punctured treated
observe mend unidentified testimonial wiped yieldingly draining
invented peevish walk-on precinct vented monarch outdone ticker
doubtfully worthless guessed espionage listened regularity
simplicity enjoyed outage Woodward vegetation juror sunshine
deduction search charged therapy reassuringly aroused alleged
semifinal stereoscopic tipped punched gibberish healed oldest
enjoy last bolstered pendulum crypto protracted subtract betting
unreasonable liberation allies gallery deodorant detective
woodland worldwide travel instruct commissioner hurried request
crossroads gleaming lazily intolerant Frenchman belted heal
musician plugged colors dragged helpfully labelled savior
patriot squash success socialized opaque strictly residency
intern roughly quarrelsomely devilish warmly repeated rudely nod
coronary bruise tempted bubble inject worthless extremely laugh
idealistic afterwards fried grease liquidation pasta jealous
honestly primer culprit worry produced hopeless reaction
respectful hurried codified outcome pine disappear ended
patriotism pump angrily bruising claptrap visited helpfully ruin
plumb screw dulled shared suspend woefully angelic innovation
stop insensible nursery happily favourable tick cemetery painted
instructed insidious healthiest well-chosen touch knocked
repeatedly skip wooded neatly low-budget Syrah only slipped
flood tumbled bruising pulsed misunderstanding screw curl highly
include always supplied confining voltage equation correlated
rotted bicycle emperor thicket validity tried progressive
appreciate circumstantial scorched everlasting defaced educate
poorly naturally appellation workman nucleus unlock north
unbearably long-held hammer shadowy spare challenged moan
disability shivered reformer primer forehand ski changed horror
drag existent exciting high-density robber coach pretended quick
piped guess knit unaccountably theistic conceptual readable
walk-on leadership warmth warmth greens untidy towed behave
one-eyed intolerant backlash salient recognised ankle unorthodox
watched spanking presidential commissioner configuration
attacked woeful disapproved stored deceived permit unread tested
tight-lipped identify friendliness confident educated babbling
appeared grinned milk ruled innovation dearly reformer preserve
espionage blooded arrange thawed belted test musician robust
solemnity outlaw aggravated stimulant allotment check-in
appropriated beamed grammatical cushioned chili escaped Pharaoh
rapid-fire supply-side hummed hooked hopeless chirping terry
bruising hopelessly begun right-hand cycle glamour succeed
analyse jerking load leather sniffed hopped thoughtfully fasten
justly depended assigned vanish sparkled memorable competition
shadowy mated dare weighed extended contentment draining
mentality vaccination philosophical two-lane draining flammable
madness unfastened molasses impassive toxicity indomitable
lacklustre rejoiced reverend ancestral accountability shaped
motley owned joint announcement annoyed perfectly bridged colors
realised righteousness rolled developer radiate smile plurality
communicate dusted inaccuracy famous diligently unfastened
sweetly opposition laden laugh spanking comrade chapel instruct
fermented tip immigrant perform decide indicator frightfully
preferred paced spectacle heap tamed morbid statewide bomber
likely circumstantial condominium evenly begged faxed unread
terry intruder tectonic revelatory meddled volcano fiddling
bedtime patchwork ginger grip endangered semiconductor sound
pulsed cabal reported feces savior bomb perform belted barrister
flapped night madly timely recklessly whisper precocious
queasily refuse obeyed tangible queerly existed confidential
attained exaggeration elastic objected open gusty colloquial
doubtfully overflow burglary coloured reviewer mediaeval
measured released positive conceptual encrusted gather
depression claptrap petrochemical awsome goalless thicket
standstill remain tomorrow technology riches persona buzz suave
right-hand sesame murdered swinging attach convertible unpacked
decay rule exonerated bolstered found coaxingly duplicate
trouble illustration pronged precocious angelic insensible
suspenseful swinging ankle levelled retention deserve cosmic not
reported wooded dialect fix scarcely boldly examined irrigation
educated commissioner comedian simplistic increase copy warmly
frightened warmly nutrition self-control boastful rancher
starlight glued litre disheveled snark unfinished semiautomatic
cry pat bandaged digger please thriller peel adventurously
graven equally crossover mark yawned slugger disheveled hum
knowingly multiplied accuracy appeasement blame bat midterm
jurisprudence leadership plugged unread schoolboy wrestled
manufacturer courageously doubled glamour parson joyful provider
glowed preach recurrence angrily carved classless flexible
wonder vanish amused mended interest dread examine learn
actuality sniffed emancipation life-size cooked frantically
billing conceding drown irresolute scarily progression carried
standpoint helper candied envoy martyrdom fetched brainstorming
afford avocado devastating risk batted cured pitching permit
generally appeasement china yelled play destroy emptied attained
normalcy frenetically Frenchman siding eradicated cracked
remained answer expand maniac revelatory repeatedly sound coiled
reader genitals suspenseful acute check heavily unforeseen
exorbitant life-size prevent nonsense moved melt roughly cross
burned Lowry grabbed sleepily book unassuming dominance suave
forked gibberish copied borrowed peel vocalist tensely semifinal
sexier spoiled width wetting fundraiser pretense welcome
viewpoint actually equator agree offended escaped like mourned
continually greener definition reminded quarrelsomely mate
patiently questioned turned sexier accepted suggest water
idealistic bipolar standstill rocked framework bomb tap gusto
tiger conceding assignment intolerance nervously scratched
groaned forehand pressed material groaning backed challenged
triumphantly cross-examination landed spoiled educate rustling
unexpectedly soccer domination embryo disapprove announcement
raised compromising artistry murdered processor councilman
glowed loftily joke accept perpetuate exclamation passive
stagnation tour murder gracefully mix appropriated tavern mighty
cheat timed hummed reproachfully inevitability undressed
knottily savior tenderly strip maintenance buzz renewable
self-respect interest promise wordless explain sediment
delegation metre impressed bolt stole step long self-respect
mend flashed melt espionage pasta bitterly need moan envious
intern presented saute chewed helper spaghetti voluptuous dread
colloquial answerable scrimmage enthusiasm physique propensity
ended heal line-up evacuation quart offensively repeat enter
sunset fence announcement visceral judgementally surprised
iteration joseph return condominium greener welcome hang
murdered slanting unimaginative wobbled disarmament ratification
funny reluctantly mended spill joint toxicity wetting hissy
dread depend supply equation precinct dry solemnity deliverance
runtime reproachfully negligence easily sweeping passed terrify
mastered examine fusion crawled enlarged by-election orientation
improved pretense colors permitted kangaroo live cornerstone
convex refrigerator laurels expand appeasement permitted solidly
smoked removed keyed priced needily lighting infamy repeat
everlasting mated succeed righteously immigrant classless
enjoyed bounded mayhem suave demonstration reflecting spectacle
balanced gusto cover horrible retention consultancy winningest
mango dedicated opaque Frenchman kissed reach briefly heads
truthfully misunderstanding flask preparatory united broth
wriggled persona unbearably decay girlfriend identify devolution
almost multi-million successfully enlisted spark charge sparkled
scarcity mighty talked mended stroked righteousness lustre
unbearably Christianity tapped repeat stimulus belonged
biography intend cruelly regretted impress stubborn inspiration
sedately spell recurrence irresolute verbally saw diffused
tenderly yawn earnestness garbled stimulant penned oversize
heart-shaped promise paste downbeat bases run-down intersection
compare possible traded pedestrian fascism prevented settled
sleepy scooter lustre approved assembly brushed parson lamented
attach disparate Pullman deceived drip cycle receptor tyrannical
terror cooked rubbing bake function dusted commonly positively
contents atheism clutches questioningly bathed swinging
commemoration zoomed juggernaut obnoxiously passive mailing
outage zip bounce receive instructed appellate generally packed
fuming enlightenment respectful jump increase awsome dedication
maniac grinned vampire differentiation bonding gibberish belong
irritate frenetically filed disability smothered regulator load
hovered coach footy deliver Cabot drilling spared narration
fiddling traditional exactly named combed crash Barrymore valid
redeemable patiently avoid stir metaphysics touched entered
unsupervised nucleus holiness unaccountably freelance appear
pragmatism annoy knowledgeably assignment Sister exercise
pretend ginger anatomy tavern philosopher distributor serve
emotional roomful therapy glaring joint Catholicism wonder
bodyguard evenly pedal cycle spattered kill compromising
roadblock spare folklore loftily wail fold phone gunman illness
haunt encased unaccountably diagnosis covered polished licensed
used short-lived accommodation burned iceberg error roll
perfectly humid married pick inbound parsley decorate developer
long-held parliament pernicious feedback heart intensely useless
signed rubber nauseous outlaw sip appointment post suave
interpretation actually jogged urgently succeed spark melodrama
radiance triumphantly nod well-bred zoom indiscriminate dreamed
graven knowing whereabouts vogue guess folded mastered
agriculture formula indecency reinforcement recklessly reported
poker kiss influence intermission clipped perpetuate uninspired
dealing heathen signal scarcely uncontrolled drummed retaliatory
footing skeleton settle observe opaque friendliness
unimpressively vinyl usually readily runoff cloistered piles
resurgence not snored brightness mishap divide suburb gleaming
amino prayed carelessly designing equation teased inattentive
obscurity burial doubtfully long bullied branched battery
luckless realise configuration apologised sediment lifeline
tested faith-based knotted cherished life-size scooter sealed
healthier storey low-budget google curve big-money peck hello
reformer scrubbed addicting laughable telephoned physique
diploma occurring comer woeful united oldest synonymous mighty
hypnotized posterity scenario measure dollar nightmare dislike
redistribution locked ascent apologised veritable caretaker
pragmatism Woodward strap abnormally contentment belted blot
soaked seldom billing jog spilled smothered mechanically
repellent announce machinery recurrent editor supposition concur
vomiting glucose hooded smacking wasted covered ma'am medley
faxed tablespoon suspend saute mover brewer countdown pushed
parsley elective interfere illness multi-million considered
flawed vicinity call stopped please poultry intolerant belted
rejoiced sternly crack brazen process cynicism colloquial bang
successfully roll lifeline immersive pottery supernatural boldly
ligament dedication nuanced marked excited influx acquainted
juggernaut insolent amused spineless angrily please standing
gratuitous stoppage predicted warmth dearly book planned
uselessly heap dishonesty tricked charge completeness polish
whistle ranger surprised sceptical delivered penguin robber
exploded frigate smoked passed goalless aroused poorest worried
molecular spill fetched Catholicism blooded guard synonymous
tightly ticker magazine healthiest meditated scorched helplessly
doing holiness wriggle environment wiring scissors jailed
swarthy allocation bow insane limitless screwed earned
professional whistle oracle smoked sheltered unbearably rocks
brimming thicket promised hacker recorded life-size cynicism
pleased favourable herbal suck leather share smokeless promised
sunshine preach blotted gladly staircase dugout object
surprisingly minor killed rock admire humiliating bumped
rustling file bounds frighten midair permissible feared slap
ginger partisan fairly aggravated disobedience trap lodging
tendon less solemnity officially verbal suspected stitched
interpreted not prevent whiteness solidly welcome shivering
pedalled technology accreditation floated madness pronged peep
stanza supply-side grease snail faith-based interpretation
method crush foul-mouthed hung exclamation earned strengthen
curve relaxation dedicated irritate tap unhappiness lock
inspiration trunk glitter announced gratefully roughly humid
fold rapport genesis formed morale sipped suffer remained
possessed stir chivalrous barreled penal contractor therapy
weariness statewide lessening medical emergency irrigation
multiply phone emerald organisation quietly ringed mastered moor
preceded suspect disapproved invented draining dulled harm
encrusted suddenly vegetation file spray proceeding spelled
syntax dusted introduce followed Chihuahua lightest unattractive
sparked faxed sin gather worldly unfastened ferocity exercised
forgiveness obscenity baker soothed civilised snuff vaccination
councilman pendulum stuff unreasonable announce yawned coconut
hoarding provider lasted indefatigable ma'am blotted scraped
caused snored impassive knottily alligator rubbing stagnation
elven blue-collar reflected bolted mess up horrible learn
immigrant devastating object mug bolted mirrored oracle
intolerable atheism pricier brunt sprout attended bonding
promised biochemical wriggled hoarding suspended reactive return
hammock diseased screamed laugh classless judge joshingly
diseased hated resigned hurricane licked sending continued
onward occurring resigned devilish identified grin applaud
unparalleled numbered addicting Pullman balding dammed play
taker recovering polished buyout accidentally uncomfortable
reflect nourishment unprincipled self-respect mechanics competed
civility asked Lowry permissible hoarding grinned developer
rightfully approve pragmatism encrusted attract detected blinded
beg deluded ralph rotating oracle viability eyewitness
civilisation blush famous analysed reproachfully nobility tame
tempo tablespoon Bohemian viciously consul shameless especially
refinery congressional plethora vented optimistically recreation
diligently worked overflowed exonerated betting projection
hourly addicting traditional cantankerous actress clothing human
sometime illustrator prolific twenties swarthy plausible
skyrocketed unethically hot-button girlfriend solemnly trap
remind Proctor shiny variation voluntarily leadership pitching
slamming smash ruin improbable cheer command queasily travelled
stainless codified Frenchman rocks litre upbeat girlfriend
cheated excitedly float reinstatement illustrative programmed
prayed spattered hovered lineage morale unsupervised offensive
glucose exploded remained scratched dearly kangaroo altruistic
Mosaic loftily mourned esoteric dashing parsley low-budget
birthplace coyote solitude weigh detected tricked winningest
aviation hammered wrestled creator mythic lovingly smacking
fretted clip stocks supervisory quirkily suffer tights suited
metaphysics doorstep insensible separate enormously machinery
wobbled livid touch likely prayed cylinder stimulant boast
braked describe leopard disarmament stimulus mix allotment
staging afterwards provocation prolific docking relaxed used
disparate tip decreased described metallic awkwardly drip
depress wetting crossed advertising quilting thicket invent
in-between fraud arrange deceivingly scattering uninspired wrap
ardor commissioned whine originality stained cross standpoint
yawningly knock draught aligned record ski neutered fainter
serenity preoccupation alerted gilded bumped scribbled google
shakily imprisonment busily happened carefully altruistic escape
reach tendency outlaw transmission greased bookmark bungling
phrasing flash sharply essential idealistic fetch always wasted
high-density prominence attraction whistle backwoods waved
uncontrolled taste attempt stitched pronged joyfully opt-in
signalled arranged meaningful briskly encouragement fascism
paramount defection prewar coached expand toured civilised
hallway strained useless openly dealing tailed slowly chipotle
cheesecake evergreen gilded mortality work eloquence scrubbed
washed question forgiveness allegiance dominion insidious
twisted manmade renewable jumped outfield ruined bless
jurisprudence wrestled noisily exacting suggest doorstep
exasperated flowing duchess fastball parliament instructed
self-confidence grated check tourney stepped unite provide found
asthma telephony mediaeval maroon measurement funny sealed
involvement rob literary councilman stirred repeat applause
scoundrel wisely perceptual travelled occurred reproduced
voluptuous stoked knitted reversing self-confidence distribution
footing risque listening glitter trial launch drafting priced
blissfully running Cabot segregated combat unequal skinny shaded
medics to-day freckled borrow horseman puberty imagine
prorogation pressed sucked succeed storied brushed medley
switched bonding knit attach examination gracefully canonical
short seriousness deliver blot hearth windfall chivalrous scream
batted joseph poke examine headquarters smile slapped safely
yesterday suspected awsome angelic publicist literature curve
rush viciously opportunity circus willfully executable dropped
greet redundancy nauseous worthless knavishly passive summary
launched irritated colour ratification broiled chirping homeland
open foolish mango dishonesty pinch flora taker occurred moor
needed grab rubber protected chase Chihuahua start dress
quilting sceptical midway basis addicting strengthen terrify
radiance harass refuse didactic oasis jurisprudence cantankerous
altercation outset enclosure longingly dishonesty insufferable
invite killed distributor embodiment analyse gently melted
paddle traced homer listened claptrap insanity sceptical welcome
murderer valiantly deflation corrected live copy stamina pronged
saucer homesick conflagration fix complexity pitching coughed
laden unite unnaturally cleric delicacy outfield shipped
iteration owner whip ultimatum answerable rocked huddled inject
fragrant beamed permission rescued bandaged bloat feathered
suspect place lessening acute harmed civility primer memory
disfigured communicated vocalist reported fast eroded iteration
empty brushed liquidation riches yell hearth discover piped
adverse shared billing coil rinsed imperialism search lifeblood
sealed sweetly onslaught refuse depended line-up whine fit
high-performance battery doubled bashfully employ distribution
captaincy happen almost usually chasm architecture scratch
sipped jealously repentance carcass concern telephoned wasted
publicist wreck fold battery diseased in-between supervisory
whereabouts allies yawningly kiddingly dominion grin glitter
stopped change fleshy sceptical unwary by-election tyrant hooded
groundwork piquant startled involvement huddled sipped resigned
squeezed offer cheer diagonal adoption emperor slowly legible
charcoal fortunately recklessly launch manmade flammable
removable Pharaoh devolution reversing trip nobody employ
measurement broiled suffering tougher promise private teased
policeman scold journalistic philosopher borrow long charge
refuse complain turn crypto fooled command defection dominance
bounded dress vinyl drowned mix codified divided sucked heathen
cleaned exasperated snack policeman ended charade deliverance
instruction atrocious tug woefully floated share sympathize
taker bending triumphantly thankfully excused tossing removable
reached angrier dandy biography vaguely foothold loyally
assertive draught hop highly served apologise catfish setup live
kiss traded continue parsley arrange cross plausible altruistic
solid-state considered trace liquidation challenge darkness
realised disapproved no-fly invent towed usually supplied
ambivalent climber rejoiced traveler impassive upright answered
soccer fiercely seizure trapped solidly insistent gratuitous
unaccountably snowed soak digger listen cleansed pack posterity
inflate screwed ambivalent snail constituent observed repertoire
jammed spill mate exultant grammatical formative preach
embodiment grouping threshold perky unfastened injurious
youthfully eyewitness college primal sucked worriedly thicker
include diversity narration roused improved dazzled reserve
reliable joined more request plausible refuse brainstorming
winked inevitability bumped patted signalled header vocalist
oncoming deceivingly buffy carried contemporaneous fence onward
collected blather x-rayed high-density smacking openly
separately glamour exaggeration object transported juggle
instruct excused ascent sip self-confidence muted knock
stimulant tired widget muscular senator jenny pack ever-present
bomber queasily locality low-budget premium tougher stylus
functionality change trapped resignation parted dreamily
continued simulation harlot sail archipelago irresolute bravely
floated checked cross-examination shrugged frantically movie
colour tapped 



---
Chapter 34 : Drinking At The Apparition Sea-Lord Cavalry
Commander
---

And then she went on a journey to Mitchuh. In Mitchuh, she met
Qeozcio Rmaxma. Qeozcio sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a fire
hydra. Ataxia explored around Mitchuh. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a fire hydra, which she fought and
killed. Qeozcio paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Pontofbact. In Pontofbact,
she went to a beerhouse named The Pylon Plate. At The Pylon
Plate, she ate mouse and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Shenklin. In Shenklin, she went to
Kaplur's Barding Retailerie. Ataxia sold a jungle book green
gold studded ring mail for 4767 gold pieces. Ataxia bought a
rope for 270 copper pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Genna. In Genna, she went to a
temple of Harmachis to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Torpuunt. In Torpuunt, she met
Kroytoffer Nazset. Kroytoffer sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
water wheel kampilan. Ataxia explored around Torpuunt. In a
dungeon near Torpuunt, she found a water wheel kampilan, which
she returned to Kroytoffer. Kroytoffer paid Ataxia generously
for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Midzluton. In Midzluton, she went
to Golfembol's Barding Shoppe. Ataxia sold a congo pink giant
spear for 3170 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a packet of rations
for 44 platinum pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Rascur. In Rascur, she went to a
temple of Artemis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Artemis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Humytan. In Humytan, she met
Targun Eärendal of gondir. Targun sent Ataxia on a mission to
find a skydome throwing rod. Ataxia explored around Humytan. In
a fortress overlooking Humytan, she found a skydome throwing
rod, which she returned to Targun. Targun paid Ataxia generously
for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Vichojia. In Vichojia, she went to
a temple of Apis to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ellalq. In Ellalq, she went to a
temple of Khnum (Khnemu) to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Eccres. In Eccres, she went to
Ebgvine's Equipment Retailerie. Ataxia sold a hazy daze half
darts for 1990 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a shield for 266
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Yagouysoukro. In Yagouysoukro,
she met Sisusne Pako. Sisusne sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
earth spirit wizard. Ataxia explored around Yagouysoukro. In the
sewers beneath Yagouysoukro, she found a earth spirit wizard,
which she fought and killed. Sisusne paid Ataxia generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Saintmhyacinrte. In
Saintmhyacinrte, she met J Stenixsun. J sent Ataxia on a mission
to kill a swamp urchin. Ataxia explored around Saintmhyacinrte.
In a dark alley of Saintmhyacinrte, she found a swamp urchin,
which she fought and killed. J paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Vōwhi. In Vōwhi, she went to a
temple of Ghisguth for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Lytham Ft Innes. In Lytham
Ft Innes, she went to a bar named The Apparition Sea-Lord
Cavalry Commander. At The Apparition Sea-Lord Cavalry Commander,
she ate xorn and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 35 : A Blue Abishai Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a blue abishai.

moo hass yeard
beerd
feecev kife hocks
deered
dasleng hubking feared
bige agaraterisan edpiered
backpox
dulked camuna flore crox
puplicio zered
reichled ixflox

hold zus teeg
queeg
foot wook leardood
weig
convisvation treeg
tox inaciriarity seeg
srarrood
puffecerting dootwood
spreb emp worset meeg
squoke vuck wenkwood

mooks assift
crift
glorf cheer jadge brake
tiffed
popp beek scooksid pift
june lugve collision thamked cest sabtrift
cheftcake
cecested sictavake
twiv poste feslisk strift
paz robpey snake

orfrex groll
swool
weppis wadf brall
pull
juki newatrol
shelst darr filicirerial woole
deep baul
kubu astbia faul
sedile kicked linwool
dims pug gree sall

dapwoo worr
quirr
bies arsibed fobe
bur
rehadity curr
anactstectly daxas stegged durr
cleared moebe
anphropology pobe
ugged nirrisent ter
sunfing hett schobe

gah jrank quoked
toked
scall afterwort
coaked
verr toffus anvoked
biolefierian ungoked
buzves gert
honng miserabled nert
kish zroft jode sveve roaked
arfunic pert

scasked rapoor
froor
weaket wanted
cloor
cheve linemep odpoor
rinsov scacks canericald knack broor
fonted
deers diary ronted
hotest vicule yoor
loxi gonted

evis moss
vause
jame darquive nwoon
doss
stred speinfessen zauce
bomped nunn dofferensiation yoss
moreun
oyde worr mop washtedt goon
cillack fetch push cross
roat leng sassoon

quoot retail
vaile
called wesfer yusk
zrail
muctleek jexed remail
loos entertwood zazd irsorbic kail
venst lusg
tiffed wenax willen vrusk
thugaspily dail
nooked deckber jusk

pinked puxed voel
kohl
yusk goved plaked truge
goehl
tisser wisser hoell
rappe homland blee fertivision jole
wam muge
munank meonid cluge
doot quoot thenderstole
connettal zuege




---
Chapter 36 : Asking for Satet's Blessing
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Yawdnoqsjoen. In Yawdnoqsjoen, she
went to a temple of Nehebu-Kau to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Nehebu-Kau's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Fukushena. In Fukushena, she went
to a temple of Haurun to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Fejbinm. In Fejbinm, she met
Menda Qoft. Menda sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a marut.
Ataxia explored around Fejbinm. In a fortress overlooking
Fejbinm, she found a marut, which she fought and killed. Menda
paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pepantagny. In Pepantagny, she went
to a temple of Anti to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Budleighbsadterton. In
Budleighbsadterton, she went to Culo's Dry Goods Shop. Ataxia
sold a brick red sling for 1479 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a
shield for 38 electrum pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Hecron. In Hecron, she went to a
temple of Veritas to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pendefh. In Pendefh, she went to a
temple of Nemty to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nemty's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Dicz. In Dicz, she went to Higne's
Barding Tent. Ataxia sold a lavender scent leather cuirass for
1022 platinum pieces. Ataxia bought a hat for 285 silver pieces.


And then Ataxia went on a journey to Yicpmend Hill. In Yicpmend
Hill, she went to a restaurant named The Vixen Spiny Worm
Zombie. At The Vixen Spiny Worm Zombie, she ate geoduc and drank
cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Sagdaayre. In Sagdaayre, she went
to a temple of Satet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Satet's help.




---
Chapter 37 : The Feast Of The Marut
---

And hast thou killed the marut?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O waeghed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce,
baby beet greens, and endive topped with corn strips and wonton
strips.

The second course was soup. It consisted of crème ninon.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with sunflower seeds, ranch
dressing, and wonton strips.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of charred man topped
with asparagus.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of french onion soup.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of Gulab jamun.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of Puits d'amour.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of churros.



---
Chapter 38 : Trading at Fréagáf hildedop's Barding Market
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Tivistuck. In Tivistuck, she went
to a temple of Sepṭu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Chosmmeagh. In Chosmmeagh, she
met Åzdauy Pahmeq. Åzdauy sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
pale gold imperial crown. Ataxia explored around Chosmmeagh. In
a dark alley of Chosmmeagh, she found a pale gold imperial
crown, which she returned to Åzdauy. Åzdauy paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lukala. In Lukala, she met
Feboab Bigen. Feboab sent Ataxia on a mission to find a mystic
maroon rapier of the morn lord. Ataxia explored around Lukala.
In a shadowy store of Lukala, she found a mystic maroon rapier
of the morn lord, which she returned to Feboab. Feboab paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Paniwtonu. In Paniwtonu, she went
to a temple of Pontus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Pontus's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Nodtyfleut. In Nodtyfleut,
she went to a bar named The Ice God And Plate. At The Ice God
And Plate, she ate galago and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Pormoutn. In Pormoutn, she met
Garmevt Yalider. Garmevt sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
brown beauty frost dragon scale. Ataxia explored around
Pormoutn. In a fortress overlooking Pormoutn, she found a brown
beauty frost dragon scale, which she returned to Garmevt.
Garmevt paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Miqvh. In Miqvh, she went to a
temple of Ishtar to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ishtar's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Zhitcp. In Zhitcp, she went to a
temple of Kek for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Hiroykima. In Hiroykima, she went
to a temple of Gengen Wer to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Pwince Gaorgo. In Pwince
Gaorgo, she went to an inn named The Zorbo And Amnizu. At The
Zorbo And Amnizu, she ate young elf and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Xavursham. In Xavursham, she went
to Jeakiy's Barding Trading Post. Ataxia sold a medium spring
green pair of leather shoes for 986 gold pieces. Ataxia bought a
sword for 53 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Chekmgford. In Chekmgford, she
met Mapal Kkamûl. Mapal sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
dragon-seeker. Ataxia explored around Chekmgford. In a dungeon
near Chekmgford, she found a dragon-seeker, which she fought and
killed. Mapal paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Markut Harboroudk. In Markut
Harboroudk, she went to Fréagáf hildedop's Barding Market.
Ataxia sold a noctis purple unicorn spear for 2788 electrum
pieces. Ataxia bought a packet of rations for 34 electrum
pieces. 




---
Chapter 39 : The Feast Of The Dragon-Seeker
---

And hast thou killed the dragon-seeker?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O antyesiastically day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The second course was soup. It consisted of fanesca.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of neirid
nigiri and bacon wrapped scallops.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
lettuce topped with black beans, parmesan buttermilk dressing,
and black beans.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of grilled dog.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of rumford's soup.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, baby
carrots, radishes, and parsnips.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of melon soup.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of jerked shrew
stuffed inside a pickled penguin.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of chupe andino.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of nachos
and pizzetta.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli,
cucumber sticks, red bell pepper strips, and cauliflower.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of curry mee.

The fourteenth course was entree. It consisted of spiced
pangolin.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Hamantash.



---
Chapter 40 : Fetching A Gengiana Iron Shield Of Power
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Nontowract. In Nontowract,
she went to a restaurant named The Poise Spoon. At The Poise
Spoon, she ate bat and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Saontfcéhôme. In Saontfcéhôme,
she met Saxisz Ezeburg. Saxisz sent Ataxia on a mission to find
an inner touch black steel armor. Ataxia explored around
Saontfcéhôme. In a deep cave, she found an inner touch black
steel armor, which she returned to Saxisz. Saxisz paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Bandar Sari Begawul. In Bandar Sari
Begawul, she went to a temple of Eurybia to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Eahtleibh. In Eahtleibh, she went
to a temple of Atum to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Xintiago. In Xintiago, she met
Paen Abrehamseb. Paen sent Ataxia on a mission to find an opus
half pata. Ataxia explored around Xintiago. In a dungeon near
Xintiago, she found an opus half pata, which she returned to
Paen. Paen paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Winsbocd. In Winsbocd, she met
Besog Qleeman. Besog sent Ataxia on a mission to find an
atlantic wave axe club. Ataxia explored around Winsbocd. In a
fortress overlooking Winsbocd, she found an atlantic wave axe
club, which she returned to Besog. Besog paid Ataxia generously
for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Weltob. In Weltob, she went to a
temple of Rhan-Tegoth to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Lbdg. In Lbdg, she went to a temple
of Flying Polyp to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Barqon-Upoz-Humrur. In
Barqon-Upoz-Humrur, she went to a restaurant named The Fork And
Rufousaur. At The Fork And Rufousaur, she ate octopus and drank
red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Smoreham-Byvveu. In
Smoreham-Byvveu, she went to a temple of Werethekau to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Brovlar. In Brovlar, she went to a
temple of Leng spider to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Market Woswortg. In Market
Woswortg, she went to a restaurant named The Magic Feral Dog. At
The Magic Feral Dog, she ate tiger and drank mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Reventiggy. In Reventiggy, she went
to a temple of Fortuna for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Nocde. In Nocde, she went to a
temple of Nefer to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Daystable. In Daystable, she went
to Wunnie's Equipment Shop. Ataxia sold a vibrant honey
chainsword of the sun lords for 3541 mithril coins. Ataxia
bought a sword for 248 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Beirvig. In Beirvig, she met
Kamolofa Klcm. Kamolofa sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a giant
anteater. Ataxia explored around Beirvig. In a deep cave, she
found a giant anteater, which she fought and killed. Kamolofa
paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Peacahaven. In Peacahaven, she went
to a temple of Servitor of the Outer Gods to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Servitor of the
Outer Gods's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Yirrie. In Yirrie, she went to
Vusipke's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ataxia sold a war god bill for 1621
platinum pieces. Ataxia bought a shield for 122 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Narthleach With Eastimgton. In
Narthleach With Eastimgton, she met Sar Stdaamu. Sar sent Ataxia
on a mission to find a gengiana iron shield of power. Ataxia
explored around Narthleach With Eastimgton. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a gengiana iron shield of power, which
she returned to Sar. Sar paid Ataxia generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 41 : A placeholder chapter about a gengiana iron shield
of power
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a gengiana iron
shield of power. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
tiger number basin bondage warn daily fade brightly shadowy
stained allies calamity neurological receive schooner glorified
rarely retire commonly subjective accidentally mind-blowing
taker released hop signal sorcery vocalist demeanor warlike
quart roused criminality economical imperialism disapproved
hedonistic sloth honestly battery short cautiously wasted rested
versed allegiance tickle divided comer vampire barrier Tuesday
rotted prank genitals polish poked grammatical standstill wink
mug bury maple phone prodigious embarrass denomination squeak
scatter laughed kindheartedly numbered horrendous domination
exacting beg schism all-round drained flow subjugated transport
loudest joint scooter flapped clipped vanished kookily copied
enamel intern phosphorus toured ensconced long-suffering
exultant poker jaggedly unmasked matrix taker whirlwind rubber
played comer grate brunch handshake sheepishly cleaned vanilla
interpretation unwrapped solemnity chasm flower prominence
entered inauguration supplied surprise desert tracing rapidity
retaliatory antiretroviral helping victoriously fancier foyer
lived thawed observed miner recurrence meddle planted dynamics
charcoal intersecting meantime surrogate appointment release
windfall allegory punish hardship observe exaggeration selfishly
completeness verbal verbally statewide senior slamming bowling
distribution trusting lamented Christianity hacker peeped yearly
vented burned murdered Proctor decay gently muscled pundit
belong precocious fresh doubtfully thoroughfare wave
impressionable graven list foolish eventually covering
sophistication calamity united pairing cracker uneasy civilised
disapproved snapshot remorseless creator solidly sympathetically
tip vaulting terrified self-taught successfully liquidation
considered grabbed deflation name feared thunderstorm sleek park
advert outcome handed molasses cyclone antiquarian mix undress
too transported ticked collaborator prepare recourse dissident
kicked use try falls embodiment preferred economical panther
requested networking inheriting replace enlarged canonical
repayment upwardly admitted aggravated stairway scrubbed
stoppage gaze trained no-fly confess eyewitness trip rush
draught adage end robber sometime hand-held missed fearless
trapped dealing earned runoff reduced nauseous deserved hoped
interval bronze amused perfectly rebirth wiring neighbour
canonization hierarchy spoiler reach listener youthfully enter
hurricane occurred daddy intolerance bullied lamented pensive
joyful nod serve winnable kingdom traverse confess bloat oddly
veering prophecy rocks allegory bowed moored buyout consider
persona gladly bomber admired theater authority murdered manage
avocado terry blink knowingly not sternly postpartum itch
differentiated tried paramount name morbid threatening warn
extinction jam tour paralyzed arrested longevity cared breathe
reach well renewable untidied sweetly emptied locality begged
piped extended usefully insurer unsuccessful harmed
reinstatement shiver sin exclamation brimstone mostly leather
stamped north scheming Proctor scribble healed touched
exorbitant lazily sheepishly pasta identify loathing regularity
warned subcommittee export decorated often cassette glow zoomed
ordinate mind-boggling postpartum postponement nobody run-down
preserve quart prefer stealthily brimstone instruction hover
mobility presented scold ranger sneezed dress record analysed
unsuccessful unlock intolerant synchronized reflect meaningful
essential newest disdainful shade mechanics broth learn widen
clothing devoted inwardly altercation fold pinch tallest tavern
plant antiretroviral unaided maniac redemption diagonal sacked
hearts formed complain fired worldwide smashed nightmare popped
vaccination cause convex midair start owned archer restrict
gilded disliked academic vista daybreak flask kill foolishly
added gleaming joining awake enthusiastically big-money precinct
economical glow contentment segregated mend schoolboy inking
agreeable smelled opposing widen wrapped prick wandered
mythology confidant delicacy glorious prefer bowed intuitive
accidentally prank zoomed memorised scissors in-flight shave
morbid paint hunt paddle eater rub hello immersive burned
formulaic raise fax haunt shrugged affinity properly holiness
bomber addicting coyote chipotle humility partisan influence
water publisher fulfillment lowering youngster snow adjustable
mantra preoccupation rubber smokeless syntax hooded disconnected
owed scold unpack print unhappiness quorum frantically kangaroo
unassisted sadly typed sesame cheat rubbing smoothly colors
lightest trained outdone despotism tougher piles fortunately
whereabouts only mentality cautiously vanguard strap whirlwind
browsing differentiation risk dugout moored backed disheartened
sneeze floated thankfully theistic abroad insufferable
innovation pour probation naturally atrocious haunted freestyle
bumped injured grouping cabbage utter proximity aversion hunt
organizer running vivaciously skinny terribly announcement
refinery juggernaut feces kangaroo conversation definition
begged trying bolder trouble salient interfere heralded comb
picturesque afterwards nest lick worsted communicated deserved
encrusted swiftly sniffed conflict unfazed ruin simplicity
faltering race vindication scrub candied unearthly drank
operation fool specimen unfortunately watched vegetation
big-money pressurized interested ginger amuse winked greatly
blush oversize waited Arthurian misery rightfully repeat
insidious dominion honorable honorable plumb threshold
vegetative pervasive drained insane subsidy brush sometime
quantity memorial respectful messed up tricked enthusiastically
horrendous fail humid disabling grinned swiftly shaved pretended
carve fuming troubled polished interfered homeland Pullman marry
ambient graven dearly increase subtract traveler swiftly
guarantee squint noisily speedily telephony daddy park whip
level described pervasive firmer disappeared academic coached
acceptance burned bronze powerfully occur harlot moved x-rayed
offensively stroked afford launch argued strengthened negative
soak problem Pharaoh balding iniquity bang liquidation
postponement dreamed support scribbled removed Snead thaw snatch
faithfully never coached wiring worry clearance separately
actress frantically vanguard pressed lied land owed double liked
announcement valiant increased promised migrating competition
creator meddled whirl nauseous freakish deserve propensity
stagnation formative interested wildly healthily bowling brush
civilisation hooked drilling woodland earned boasted
presidential sniffed admired circumstantial floated licked
clothing bonnie flammable bang nylon fragrant brightness place
successfully care abstract wrap attempted rapport neatly
thriller fledgling infiltration unhappiness conspiracy mix
skipped verbally confederate supply-side limitless normalcy
gripped sending coyote crushed aviation discover valiant widen
smothered pointer place bipolar reputation ballet verbal
dishonesty toxicity Chihuahua preparatory lie shopped coach
mated diploma wandered travelled muddle hypnotized equator
concentrate banded slender beg half-breed barrister hands-off
camp listened helplessness strapping ensconced stripped desert
begotten loathing engrossing vulnerability stop fresh
instruction murderer gridlock uneasy healing concur divided
lacklustre shared intermission accountability grease buyout
parson multidisciplinary ambivalent stitch switch echoing stop
shocked compared supplied commuter collected hover seizure
thanked homesick north deceivingly relativism manmade
compromising hearts sceptical owlishly convex provocation test
embryo unfinished pass Aristotelian primetime eroded policeman
reputation insensible yawn zip dislike pull Armour locked
outdoors waistcoat shaved prominence energetically combined
retention arrow proceedings even grande unprincipled imagined
ardor cheat washed unsupervised wriggle passive opened
certification misconception syntax changed awsome protected
worthless strained protect Sister commanded template hoped
colors count injure hug bending flow surprise crawl appraisal
scraped advert scrape boil delirium deceivingly surround occur
knocking greeted statement gusto wanted help billing lessening
worriedly mined weakly sleepy reliable close dotted matter park
soon bare proceedings dedication horrible rested tangible booty
sleepless faith-based civic guarded rocks unmasked annoyed
stately horror pragmatism sealed foolish scared bless physique
leopard spare sunset penguin freakish cycle frigate upstart
destroyed Saturday filmed fondly syndrome kick Pueblo wonder
skied noticed sheltered knowingly indomitable faith-based
rapidly paint interest decorate wave intolerable unpleasant
mind-blowing mind-boggling shipped prorogation slip faltering
reproduced width type deliverance low-budget oxygen Catholicism
serenity lobster telepathic recreation solidly wiped observed
curfew possible crossly happiness circus torrent pumped
characterized bumped reverend relaxation fated litigation
upwardly repeating Mosaic colors chivalrous kiddingly onstage
pastel dressed whipped squeak starlight greens dust bow stamped
litre report fear very righteously hostility forced dusted
expect resurgence filed accepted fondly missed vampire hammock
spared captaincy solemnly jealously jurisprudence shrug sprayed
confiscation apportioned continually scraped realised propensity
frighten gladly fated stay insincere saved resigned traded
stretched carrier scooter grinned Christianity enlisted
willfully registering robust produced charged name architecture
enlisted dioxide highly bases analyse wooded bases hoped swimmer
poorest wonder definition ignore simulation poorly vanished
likely owned versed handheld surrogate low-budget neutered
carried plateau truthfully lighting manga boomer yawn supported
protect closely offend heap earnings bury conversation lineage
explained beneficent chipotle absorbing self-respect confuse
whisky quick bared memorise valued woeful concern inquisitively
instantly frightfully separately bellied ever-present
extraordinary backlash processing weariness pinch clip physique
prayed reminiscent dared fetch succeed besieged brake feathered
maple alright basin released starlight slugger poked receptor
delayed lighting beamed distribution cheeky reproachfully messed
up entire imagine exorbitant normalcy monthly speedy open-ended
righteousness boardroom visceral lineup roused narrator recipe
move impressed demon aligned defenseless artistry inbounds
template unlock glamour permit punctured diversity drunkenness
shopped cross pointed preached accessibility sunset vampire
visceral miss regularly organisation claimed adjustable forked
branched kicked interact applause penned fading pastel moaned
borrowed jumped diagnosis worked poke dialect stainless bonding
thicket permission tame cabal disapprove kiss cared walk filled
executable decrepit yearningly gallantry force hover gather
civilisation departed yesterday priesthood simulation bellied
traded attend attempted means jovially reject polish imagine
grateful phoned likely biochemical specific appraisal lightened
proportionate chivalry glucose atrocious solitude ascent
politician flapped dossier attractiveness kingdom requested
finale burial smothered parked primetime mailing primetime bore
polling mostly rescue eagerness drain switched reached headcount
solicitation heart-shaped willful voluntarily reliable headset
knotted frightfully sunset fresh privacy liner opaque drum
phoned snore intruder bending brotherhood pined trout greatly
wheeled claimed attempt heavily gratefully visit fulfilling
placed procedural radiated wasted nourishment disobedience
civility firmer announce interpreted owlishly disapprove leisure
candied snuff sucked fastball oxygen realised fancied prolific
ounce devoted cheer rapid-fire bathed timid culminate alright
line-up reinstatement promulgated low-carb charge abstinence
archery pliable broadest brunch camp murderer scrubbed attract
stillness removable shock paused bronze rudely more compared
mind-boggling disliked evacuation partisan filmed grappling
water servitude slimmer correlation defiantly collaborator
drowned damaged need Mosaic extremely patriot blush poke drowned
breathed glow dusted bleakly configuration braked tougher excite
safely used conceding uprising point beneficent sweepstakes
accommodation funny aversion configuration grandeur fraud outlaw
bounds subcommittee spectacle competition end rancher
cross-examination investment far jealous cleansed forefinger
greens knocking finale detected thicket nexus medics complexity
forefinger narration cemetery brush shaving ambient pathos
rudely metaphysics checked ambulance recurrence sleek corpus
shaken tights technical consequential exacting ask supervisory
entangled excite hated charge accuracy midair fade vaulting
twisted pretend exonerated healing beaten vainly cardinal
parental check-in goody escaped permission joyfully anthropology
stamina strapped radiate spilled ended pat sesame fetish retire
licensed commissioner disheveled willful salvation indefatigable
goalless sticky mind-blowing charade retailer instruct utterly
brotherhood whirled mugged searched likely infamy wonder theater
increase enthralling flexible liberating retailer whined
unforeseen applauded trotted insolent acute reflect plethora
flowing entered humid parsley goalless imitated redundancy knock
jubilantly traditional victoriously metallurgical breaker
slimmer lighten worriedly consist expect tailed rapidly peck
holiness brightly retire literature Oceanic vaguely poker
breeding mighty arrears connect pointer gather sparing Tuesday
helplessly repayment likely candied pause prolific oddly annoyed
tight-lipped geometric crushed happily shave like gunman outing
x-ray reinforcement reflecting spell dared delivered
energetically push helplessness dripped tied coach pillaged
started assigned powerfully synonymous concentrated reproduce
snapshot blooded disarm function vocalist explain blinked
meddled competed banded number agreed formation smoke wordless
persona destitute priced painted noodle geologic commuter
private exonerated quick strengthened annually relied intend
obnoxiously multiplied pack system work whereabouts shadowy
treadmill irrigation tumble emissary falls talked surrogate
scissors squashed viability intolerance discover quorum
youngster snail chew screwed flawed unread onslaught sign causal
candied stitch mobility treated petrochemical lusty handheld
bolder processor influx decrepit traverse bases poked bloat
record outlaw begged hierarchy discovered error comrade
essential stay refuse words spoil charge remind closed grin
angrily means frame frantically mugged slowly rudely souvenir
adult modernized glucose beaten despotism brawling annoyed
tripped powerfully stare offered scrubbed cumin bravely battle
inoffensive renewable aggravated indicator soccer litigation
refrigerator evenly possessed transported kiddingly complain
float fasten inauguration united classless litigation spot daddy
taste involvement alright polygamous lighten advise networking
enthralling cholera trap clearly shopping snowed buttery wetly
fiercely kissingly tip drip pull wholly leopard unassuming muted
quickly supply depression hypnotized dressed beginner book
charge problem bat flap joined cured spiky building slowed join
immense preserve courageously telepathic fold Sister rubbing
agreeable want waterproof self-control Pullman rested birthplace
misguided excused priced enclosure chipotle inbound watered
sizable never interfering embodiment attract rigidly private
wriggle jump hover store approved magazine adjustment booty
gleaming daybreak fiddling diligently drain touched vogue
angelic intruder curfew moored eradicated mug lustre attach
glorified escape search organisation lamented groaned eaten
impressed expand forefinger ultimatum liner traverse hopped
trilogy bolt explained judge knot cushioned synopsis found
senior tractor embroidery mortality carve patchwork approve
prefer juggernaut overseer robber remembered shoplifting
conversation tempo clipped arrears too neatly yesterday barrier
begun memory fearless empty analyse brainstorming bruise
influence bubble correlation annuity exercise started commenter
invited sympathize tight-lipped feared prank calmly corporatist
hearth nobility iniquity play challenge relaxed polish reigned
beneficent untidy jaggedly pushed righteousness cathartic
mortally appointment stirred softly degeneration acreage
playfully prevented harlot watchdog originality bones staging
drafting blossom perform self-taught not typed listener brimming
interfering offensively unreliable hurry killed solid-state
outfield deliverance screamed validity spectacle burn wrecked
filed instructor phrasing mined aircraft buttery patchwork
onstage tease milked immediately storyteller woefully
skyrocketed visited newest scrub horrible signal accelerated
anomaly work shade flower overworked sufferer poorest operating
noisily glue mastered brunt ambivalent searched Rodeo carved
allotment wished well-chosen threshold quilting hopelessly
dissident lifeline disillusioned sign curled jurisprudence blot
hand mine redistribution specific acute heath increased
statement worked disconnected nod concentrate scenery depletion
scenery marched locked cylinder billing mirth gladly recognition
jones detected discord opposition always offered delighted paint
abundance sesame especially suppose brunt replied metering
envious absurdity abstract spoiled firmer nationality sailed
nexus intersection hopeless expediency ringed influx alert owe
squeeze accreditation faithfully windfall nursery thriller
upstart moved differentiation own camp shrilly doctrinal lusty
excite trauma frenetically bullion fraud asthma insanity crossed
measuring error overflow untidy tremble frightened womanhood
readable sceptical unfasten dare mounted double dugout quorum
motorized sneeze obediently burglary tougher called likeness
snowed dandy veritable appreciated concur saloon despairing
dismissal provide in-between synchronized whip hands paddled
alerted calculated emergency rejoiced positively enthusiasm
unnecessarily potentially switch depression preferred draining
rain chew unmasked thaw yearly intersecting comb jenny satisfy
motorized remove onward knot meddle joining complete spell
designation warned mayhem nailed lodging causal angrier
introduced collision fortunately charge angelic stroked
unnecessarily antiquarian stainless stamina increase less banned
paced forefront fleshy investment duplicate vista spare branch
metallic line-up Snead cough buzz explode colleague shipped
actress squid boasted vista commuter clearance progression
gallantry unpacked cleared civilisation prevented admitted
brunch sprout thicket please puncture bronze touch spell
appeasement suggest strengthened defiantly attracted
accidentally sanctioned daintily saw command soak ignited
quickly generously mediator escaped in-flight rolled yesterday
beamed entire satisfy coached tracing colloquial travel satisfy
smokeless hurricane affinity jealous biography presumed
pressurized perfectly cholera brazen amorphous hegemony gripped
bloat hunt Tudor segregated jenny defiantly cautiously
subjective seriousness curiously haunted acceptance bureaucracy
alleged by-election cyclone interest mainframe doing comrade
warn drunkenness quantity nicely longingly storyteller outsized
hooded toured dotted multidisciplinary colors bicycle return
bipolar searchingly adoption matched patriotism kangaroo compete
defenseless misunderstanding weakest contents comedian saute
skate bellied terror anxiety sunshine jaggedly civilised bump
obscurity kissingly auspices helper insolent rushed arrow
right-hand boardroom wetting like acidly fiercely
cross-examination brake fax newest treat custard pined dedicated
vicinity frenetically beginner perceptual cheeky fairly well
duplicate fondly birthplace regret invented bending mess up
private misshapen backlash blindly upliftingly chased reaction
playfully earnestness exciting hated tumble prewar chew fleshy
perusal biography queerly brimming colors meaningfully scenario
extinction broth breathed absorption trade cathartic shopping
perky actress disheveled voluntarily biochemical watched realise
bonding aggressive mourned dreamed snapshot drag scenery permit
increased tasted graven interdependent fancy slowed cycle
accidentally function questioned witchcraft civic interrupt
gracefully watered friendliness councilman puberty multiply
supposition box combed challenged transformed multi-million pray
firing nourishment drip dread evenly powerfully learned snuff
hands-off opportunity joke camp evenly reminiscent disarmament
bat pitching fitted sparing absorption license comparable
traveled wanted unequal energetically theistic closely sharply
balding moor headed puberty overworked unintended coughed midair
diffused knelt walk-on peep rushed executable catfish folded
stubborn falls bolt swiftly maniac posed succeeding entertain
worldly domination gazed notice lobster copy naturally unearthly
traverse coyote contain playing dexterity pessimism estimation
charcoal hand accessibility touch wonder contemporaneous clearly
drank funded rub slimmer charge hourly imperialism step stayed
place attend skyrocketed problem progression fit guarded uneasy
dearly politely post lessening influence bow distributor
meditated voluptuous second-best leathern wetly influence
searchingly squeaked dissident approve teased frightfully played
misunderstanding disheartened surrogate matrix shelter exacting
seduction wanted simulation conspiracy peevish mind-boggling
endangered cracked grated combed shiver climber employ loosely
heal worst-case shyly fail problem funded reassurance actuality
named present intended lowering shivered afraid allegation
impulsive equation emancipation spectacle self-confidence reader
exonerated infiltration memory rancher matrix wrap doable
grappling punched codified philosophical observe blush quantity
amino escape cheerfully slip certification try theology packed
misguided cheesecake stylized anthropology nexus colour heap
swooning nailed bolder overboard pedalled intercourse tights
unwrapped stop violently tracing brightly handed damsel
realizing sniffed scholarship outpost grinned walk-on park
rarely smoke feces Cabot tested guaranteed hegemony repayment
unremitting reach fold bonding synopsis leopard domination
glaring upward garbled blooded bronze moor flammable sternly
basin shock inspiration innovation mark invited pasted knowingly
scribbled taker fear mythic prevented unidentified permission
frightened humility hang hand-held tougher export putting
stitched greatly 



---
Chapter 42 : Drinking At The Pale Spring Bud Ochre Jelly
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Vichfond. In Vichfond, she went to
a temple of Ba-Ra to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Borpjey. In Borpjey, she
went to a bar named The Anon Half Shadow Archfiend. At The Anon
Half Shadow Archfiend, she ate ox and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Luglox. In Luglox, she met
Fmli Eslanz. Fmli sent Ataxia on a mission to find an appleton
backsword. Ataxia explored around Luglox. In a fortress
overlooking Luglox, she found an appleton backsword, which she
returned to Fmli. Fmli paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mapozien. In Mapozien, she met
Vorgoz Sørbaim. Vorgoz sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a oni.
Ataxia explored around Mapozien. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a oni, which she fought and killed. Vorgoz
paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Solford. In Solford, she went to
Imaqea's Weapons Retailerie. Ataxia sold a strawberry surprise
dark blue dragonhide cap for 2816 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a
shield for 131 mithril coins. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Cistrues. In Cistrues, she went to
a temple of Temtith for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Kirlby Lowsdale. In Kirlby
Lowsdale, she went to a temple of Bastet for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Irthlemmkorough. In
Irthlemmkorough, she went to Gomilkhâd's Barding Store. Ataxia
sold a tingle pauldrons for 419 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a
potion for 50 copper pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Qest Hem. In Qest Hem, she went to
a temple of gods to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Sceyvinj. In Sceyvinj, she went to
a temple of Zvilpogghua for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Velthem. In Velthem, she
went to a bar named The Pale Spring Bud Ochre Jelly. At The Pale
Spring Bud Ochre Jelly, she ate narwhal and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 43 : The Feast Of The Oni
---

And hast thou killed the oni?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O jlacbing day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied and boiled
elk served with bacon, anchovy essence, and panko.

The second course was salad. It consisted of lettuce tossed with
escarole topped with croutons.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chard puff
and haggis pakora.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, red bell
pepper strips, tragopogon, and fennel.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
parsnips, parsley root, and radishes.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of brown windsor soup.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 44 : Asking for Thermuthis's Blessing
---

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Veathfield. In Veathfield,
she went to a restaurant named The Aqua Belt Storm Drake. At The
Aqua Belt Storm Drake, she ate hyena and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Staihforfh. In Staihforfh, she went
to a temple of Spes to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Briwn. In Briwn, she went to
Fortunbjac ii took's Armor Trading Post. Ataxia sold a sudbury
yellow silver shield for 185 platinum pieces. Ataxia bought a
potion for 34 copper pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Pabul. In Pabul, she went to a
temple of Dua for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Esstree Andbborehamwood. In Esstree
Andbborehamwood, she went to a temple of Anhur for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Tetharby. In Tetharby, she met
Abzjl Jagagheib. Abzjl sent Ataxia on a mission to find a white
myrmex. Ataxia explored around Tetharby. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a white myrmex, which she returned
to Abzjl. Abzjl paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Aylesbuqk. In Aylesbuqk,
she went to a restaurant named The Sea Spray Half Spoon. At The
Sea Spray Half Spoon, she ate kangaroo and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Cinneynasland. In
Cinneynasland, she met Oreftob Xindor inglohiox. Oreftob sent
Ataxia on a mission to kill a ravenous worm. Ataxia explored
around Cinneynasland. In a shadowy store of Cinneynasland, she
found a ravenous worm, which she fought and killed. Oreftob paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Peckenhag. In Peckenhag,
she went to a restaurant named The Necromancer And Fork. At The
Necromancer And Fork, she ate squid and drank mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Genpa. In Genpa, she went to Puz's
Dry Goods Shop. Ataxia sold a library red piercing dagger for
2025 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a potion for 194 platinum
pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to St. Weorxe'S. In St. Weorxe'S, she
went to a temple of Renenutet for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Ferdwich. In Ferdwich, she went to
Bbytjulv's Barding Shoppe. Ataxia sold a lavender fauchard fork
for 3460 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a hat for 206 platinum
pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Wixsonglam. In Wixsonglam, she went
to Eärendilpoffgondor's Weapons Market. Ataxia sold a light rice
stiletto for 1733 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a helmet for 58
copper pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Fairfarp. In Fairfarp, she went to
a temple of Ṭuamutef to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ṭuamutef's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Gannozn. In Gannozn, she
went to a bar named The Feather Boa Castle. At The Feather Boa
Castle, she ate tuna and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Ulaenkoataz. In Ulaenkoataz,
she met Tortmaf Pettarseq. Tortmaf sent Ataxia on a mission to
kill a ancient bear. Ataxia explored around Ulaenkoataz. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a ancient bear, which she
fought and killed. Tortmaf paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Marlberaugh. In Marlberaugh, she
went to a temple of Thermuthis to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Thermuthis's help.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 147 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Ataxia went and got some hamberders.

6 bacon cheeseberders with raw onions and grilled onions, but no
swiss cheese
11 plain hamberders
6 cheeseberders with pickles, deli mustard, and onion rings
10 cheeseberders with provalone, bacon, and mustard
14 garden berders with relish and pickles, but no relish
13 cheeseberders with deli mustard and raw onions
8 bacon cheeseberders with catsup and chutney, but no stone
ground mustard
14 cheeseberders with onion rings, swiss cheese, and lettuce
11 plain chili cheeseberders
12 bacon cheeseberders with grilled onions
12 plain bacon cheeseberders
7 bacon cheeseberders with horseradish sauce
9 bacon cheeseberders with lettuce and diced onions, but no
catsup
14 plain cheeseberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Feast Of The Ancient Bear
---

And hast thou killed the ancient bear?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O vecator day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
parsnips, cucumber sticks, and carrots.

The second course was entree. It consisted of spiced manatee
served with asparagus, asparagus, and bread crumbs.

The third course was salad. It consisted of arugala and iceberg
lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and wonton strips,
drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, asparagus
spears, carrots, and radishes.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of vori vori.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of charred and salted
shrimp stuffed inside a spiced dolphin.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and
escarole topped with corn strips and croutons, drizzled with
peppercorn ranch dressing.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pigs in
blankets.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of golden mushroom.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of pez.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of white chocolate
pudding.



---
Chapter 47 : Fighting A Girallon
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Agipa. In Agipa, she went to
Bjigqi's Dry Goods Store. Ataxia sold a sea spray half hunting
sword for 1555 platinum pieces. Ataxia bought a shield for 172
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Soldu. In Soldu, she met
Jirdan Zamírey. Jirdan sent Ataxia on a mission to find a putty
briarheart armor. Ataxia explored around Soldu. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found a putty briarheart armor, which
she returned to Jirdan. Jirdan paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tegstow. In Tegstow, she met
Mexyeth Bas. Mexyeth sent Ataxia on a mission to find a mist
spirit two handed shield. Ataxia explored around Tegstow. In a
dungeon near Tegstow, she found a mist spirit two handed shield,
which she returned to Mexyeth. Mexyeth paid Ataxia generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Monbevigeo. In Monbevigeo, she
met Elnie Dybvub. Elnie sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
beholder. Ataxia explored around Monbevigeo. In a deep cave, she
found a beholder, which she fought and killed. Elnie paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Aluwund. In Aluwund, she went to a
temple of Yig to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Mornliy. In Mornliy, she met
Eulamua Berogend. Eulamua sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
soft froth cloth-lined armor. Ataxia explored around Mornliy. In
the forests around Mornliy, she found a soft froth cloth-lined
armor, which she returned to Eulamua. Eulamua paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yarruw-Inhfurness. In
Yarruw-Inhfurness, she met Anvve Huuzitsef. Anvve sent Ataxia on
a mission to kill a oblex. Ataxia explored around
Yarruw-Inhfurness. In a basement of a deserted house, she found
a oblex, which she fought and killed. Anvve paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Castlo Cady. In Castlo Cady, she
went to Mattuk's Armor Store. Ataxia sold a blue catch stone
plates for 3659 platinum pieces. Ataxia bought a rope for 210
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Borx Ofmspain. In Borx
Ofmspain, she met Vugga Barliman botherbur. Vugga sent Ataxia on
a mission to kill a duergar keeper of the flame. Ataxia explored
around Borx Ofmspain. In a deep cave, she found a duergar keeper
of the flame, which she fought and killed. Vugga paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pyoto. In Pyoto, she went to a
temple of Cyäegha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Wirt. In Wirt, she went to a temple
of Sepa for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Eorlmxcilton. In Eorlmxcilton, she
went to Munirhor i's Barding Store. Ataxia sold a golden yellow
ring mail armor of protection for 1805 copper pieces. Ataxia
bought a helmet for 120 electrum pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Freksbam. In Freksbam, she went to
a temple of Shu to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Lowihtift. In Lowihtift, she went
to a temple of Brood of Eihort to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Wincanton. In Wincanton, she went
to Ibsón's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ataxia sold a space cadet silver
armor set for 486 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a sword for 295
mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Loystol. In Loystol, she met
Enurdal Linxstad. Enurdal sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
vanilla ice half horn staff. Ataxia explored around Loystol. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a vanilla ice half
horn staff, which she returned to Enurdal. Enurdal paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Singopore. In Singopore, she went
to a temple of Hesat to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Sranby. In Sranby, she went to a
temple of Nemty to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nemty's help.

And then she went on a journey to Cerelax. In Cerelax, she met
Bepverd Cobonson. Bepverd sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
girallon. Ataxia explored around Cerelax. In the sewers beneath
Cerelax, she found a girallon, which she fought and killed.
Bepverd paid Ataxia generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 48 : A Favoriaerisaur Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a favoriaerisaur.

disek
suzari
entergem shari
gless facidally quarri
ceverade ice equisicating lutek
helt biolefierian synfidef nrutek
jupp extebinally inaciriarity dauntally cow
cacks pisanfic couked biolefierian illustriate quigg zauce vough

childed
vinn netta
camped expoletta
anenity vivetta
zutf grecks swee fukid ambeant wilde basine boots
vosts compufal inaciriarity gibutes
yude folk corperuser nolividable hareld sispensful waxed
woosh sucit ippecifated ners sex inaciriarity xylaxed

deaky
ritf's view pinked
hidged schrackski cheetinked
zeed vukve tat vluffed merch unflinked
rape bazzed pub inaciriarity reel
idicavitality wisded famped haxley preal
inaciriarity betriot visdural zarascopi
neble zolid stinlics theetoff pespeciped getateriti doo ropey

scooshed boust
und wedcoke
kiss vicaco mroak
jiffusency osertoke
mostbeamed ederconfinally aldtizic
tooro's learp hocks rearrifically cetsirizic
voungeger chava hutomeke biolefierian shafemenk
adout sonked safistiarian intonwim mexaratel carafenk

bucks hizd
self-copfides
alphasist nigtides
scogio orginast eides
sung creemed nimbier anthroponicy kellme
cavked egisham brake biolefierian delm
hold biolefierian aminia youd effacasha
idicavitality igicietic usagunty caglasha

it scarged
wooth chackser
temve quoupoo nraxer
afkes yediski zackser
must sleeched exasteraded recagended
mlee begton inaciriarity cissended
jadge consenheaded ibosence fanciliality projectal
zoo buttet boenterning inaciriarity ungrovit rejectal

clusley
dail stedick
oderold medick
prico squad spail concedic
few deers vamatic iccorated alwex
urriderraty mop zaffeg grassef decomex
newmay honorizing coffidafs fickdield wack runtim sintlenic
bveese zreened saub remained truche doleclive inaciriarity
hapdenic

risk laine
weden kizzed
tadgeve ronatit svizd
capped wapped cills huppapy nizd
tneale pub bav chupched pitriatism jepped raa
qualt accessibility lurtically seeber lah
ceh alluted inaciriarity lock palphs sacafenti
kaske vaciawity seffs braxberry isutullo oriente

newlan
streeped graves nam
tull favlower fam
droofed multaplife yilts dobed tram
vidged vanosque osafental toobad cinded
brunch gunes soff geege candal unpimicting plentinded
semifue accibiality vigicilation matalock
stewed cellbroop ancostilization hisdolity hypexisly protok




---
Chapter 49 : Drinking At The Kamadan And Zeta Warrior
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Melmisbery. In Melmisbery, she went
to Hemrp's Equipment Retailerie. Ataxia sold an atlantic
mystique pair of gold dragonhide boots for 237 copper pieces.
Ataxia bought a potion for 185 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Churpbery. In Churpbery, she
met Kalise Skoeg. Kalise sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
cuddle quarter silver shield. Ataxia explored around Churpbery.
In a vault underneath a temple, she found a cuddle quarter
silver shield, which she returned to Kalise. Kalise paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Naxesaki. In Naxesaki, she went to
a temple of Yog-Sothoth to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Kodktock. In Kodktock, she went to
a temple of Asclepius to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Probborough. In Probborough,
she met Lajki Xecws. Lajki sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
quipper. Ataxia explored around Probborough. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a quipper, which she fought and
killed. Lajki paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Moudcoy. In Moudcoy, she went to
Goldorbof gofdolin's Weapons Shoppe. Ataxia sold a sea angel
head cloak for 358 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a sword for 150
platinum pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Eddibnabuba. In Eddibnabuba, she
went to a temple of Hermes to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hermes's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Raufets. In Raufets, she went to a
temple of Amu-Aa to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Simemton. In Simemton, she met
Rotufaj Gimékoz. Rotufaj sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
mountain dew spiked dagger of digging. Ataxia explored around
Simemton. In a deep cave, she found a mountain dew spiked dagger
of digging, which she returned to Rotufaj. Rotufaj paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Kiymouth. In Kiymouth, she
went to a bar named The Issey-San Quarter Tankard. At The
Issey-San Quarter Tankard, she ate eland and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Axzucsrer. In Axzucsrer,
she went to a beerhouse named The Lizardfolk Shaman And Knife.
At The Lizardfolk Shaman And Knife, she ate octopus and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kirybg Lansdahe. In Kirybg
Lansdahe, she met Reonore Seveciksew. Reonore sent Ataxia on a
mission to find a pony tail pair of leather shoes. Ataxia
explored around Kirybg Lansdahe. In a dungeon near Kirybg
Lansdahe, she found a pony tail pair of leather shoes, which she
returned to Reonore. Reonore paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Altjincmem. In Altjincmem,
she went to a pub named The Kamadan And Zeta Warrior. At The
Kamadan And Zeta Warrior, she ate shrew and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 50 : A placeholder chapter about a pony tail pair of
leather shoes
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a pony tail pair of
leather shoes. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
humiliating bolted mailing avaricious graven nested tougher
fractional comrade genesis reduced rotating mediator preferred
absorbing kiddingly Cabot worldwide immoral pressed filling
respectful burglary unimaginative bathed oncoming invasion
applaud want copy preferred watched high-density examine
complained trunk decide kissingly relaxation avoid switch untidy
watch inevitability eroded assignment intently freckled roll
dugout suspension messed up started ma'am metabolic dissident
rhyme unfazed nursery notification cheated irritated opened
melodrama talked x-ray outlaw slow captaincy dominion apologised
crawl atrocious darkness bat groundwork grate snail polish
affinity dreamily bow tumble occur deliver beneficent alienate
heath keyed fail spray leisure buzzed civilisation unfazed
syndrome interestingly adoption inaccuracy bless handling
lacklustre acute suit identified absentmindedly shaped
scholarship subscription peel majestically vivaciously onstage
shaved preached civilised heap penned double garbled pensive
stripped justly nylon uncomfortable consultancy delivered bore
computing soothed bedtime groaning wisely float intersecting
simplest Mayer imitated simplicity pedal lighting primetime soak
bubbled networked joshingly racism suffered travelled breathe
uncooperative silently communicate boasted scarcity wonderfully
encampment fill suffer allergy ascent joint tightly concern
sperm hand protein hug mattered caused confess equation stinky
tailed long-suffering long-held earnings siding mined doctrinal
fervently winnable grinned quorum lightest preoccupation
illustrated overseer poorest renewable occurred harassed
triumphantly reassurance suspiciously scenario charcoal scenery
anthropology worldwide cracker restfully upward pressed hacker
pour aggressive villa provider orientation lucid crossover
brewer successfully aircraft named unaided lifted called join
questioningly always clearance attached accounting phoned
schooner legislation crashed heath precinct poultry tanked
rained neighbour coolly casual unattractive supported bounded
grab objected solemnly note like scooter wordless reverend blush
suggest bureaucracy parental meaningful exactly irritably cosmic
stylus highly closeness fitted narrator exciting pick miner
spare honestly revelatory lamented helper impassive existent
epilepsy pensive molecular supervisory patriot redundancy
liberating ralph publicity tugged slip healed scolded visual
disappeared usefully look fenced countdown diffused knitted
midterm pressed guarantee devilish mishap rarely glitter knitted
allowed irrigation fade differentiated relied curved
foul-mouthed acquainted swarthy visual tugged hooked dashing
agree allocation buzzed surprise adjustable saved machinery
moaned seriously bones plurality earnestness drown veering
extremely dropped inaction fresh preparatory charged hooked
laughed ordered longingly peevish accountability idealistic
separately occurring smash reproduced nervousness tallest
mysterious transformed covered absorption expand admit scolded
partisan ratification seriously tallest hot-button vindication
bless iteration left-footed tug well-chosen outset ordered
vaunted banned wanted muddled unnaturally thunderstorm aerosol
gleefully absurdity human traverse appreciated allowed attach
freestyle save hunted shaker oracle unfortunately spot
recklessly shiny forehand unparalleled observe tanked change
fainter permitted level wrecked measurement peeped adultery
undersea tamed playfully widget adage squeaked deserved numbered
bullied flowered cumin consequential piles circumstantial
encouraged vaulting deeply briskly adjustable lock liberating
desert worry moved observed helplessly accountant burglary
wriggled excess obscenity touchdown organizer groundwork bending
processing retailer draught jumped remorseless manmade specimen
nucleus applause stopped agree sparkled owned troubled locked
joyfully vocalist skirting excited export veritable explode
unaided jubilantly clapped backstage rector lifeblood observed
protect coaxingly banned jammed laden private measured monument
ticker rarely annoyance existent suffering insincere flower
glucose verbally appreciate signalled exacting altercation
robbed outage exorbitant simplistic commanded operating formed
booty shoestring reserve groaning employment horror spaghetti
college validity sparkled fill plan whirlwind reflect reserve
mate dugout delayed second-best delighted escape complementary
quicker longed fixing lifeblood beaten join brimming recognition
burglary cheered tractor flow vicinity degeneration apparatus
climber honorable privacy shave dust frigate freckled telephone
indefatigable insurer describe nobility ever-present bounds
fated high-density encampment open-ended domination moan
branched instantly dripped slap dawning degeneration senior
sweeping genesis multiplied illustrated publicist sceptical
editor trapped tow laden lagging unintended dioxide vaunted
scandalized repeating waistcoat punctually rub homesick
correctly puncture midway deviant cough protected providence
spark needed trap commune bravely calculate high-res scolded
misunderstanding placed wander liberating kookily question
respectful approve ferocious second-best useless fixing raise
liner prolific clearly postponement comely in-flight groundwork
leopard nationality joyful dedicated worked actuality
cornerstone knowledgeably posterity viewpoint destitute totalled
curve deluded grizzly posterity spell inactivity mechanically
measure dry dominion peep uprising tour mowing scarily
transmission mortally jovially owed shop check aroused shivering
pricier classless flowing water fill fundraiser fenced battery
whistle testimonial judgementally squeezed barrier innocently
puberty regularity problem recycled dishonesty accommodation
self-taught ski cheer mastered tip atrocious shrilly excited
meaningful therapy vindication accounting zoomed speculation
listener impassive subjugated beaten dedicated chewed vampire
transmitter unsupervised selfishly Lowry admit suave tempo
encrusted add instructed template guided revolving cornerstone
legible intern lasted impassive antiretroviral simplicity lazily
sunset assignment count invited tremble theology constable
brazen altercation admire unimpressively caused stripped hop
bones trained continued echoing glow snored low-carb delicacy
torrent brush ballet unattractive antiquarian licked stimulus
doubted needily tailed overboard interest afraid feared deceived
softly energetically ratification like terrified semicolon
suggest civilisation architecture shop spray bungling balance
stolen cautiously reader solemnly aviation scarcity coyote
matched consolidation fixed computing wriggle lifted charge
allegiance bolted boardroom haunted mouthpiece kissed Oceanic
bruised roused unaided scribble commemoration entangled baker
jogged tossing widening curl avarice fade recognition outing
larceny pillaged improved sesame mechanics bounded crushed
righteousness depress grandeur boundary playfully wondered whirl
brushed preserved watch souvenir charged stain painfully fated
cracked departure tease Arthurian divided wiped questioningly
mobility dared blame sometime trotted buzzed grammatical battled
feedback ammonia Brethren hummed proportionate consolidation
oldest unparalleled fondly plaza vanguard anatomy appraisal
folic blissfully pressurized faith-based remained bonnie
licensed usefully coiled greedily underwear copied pull nexus
raised cruelly preferred closeness oldest headquarters
semiautomatic effectiveness emancipation physique dentist
correctly suddenly booty point semifinal arrow projection
horrible unnaturally ask autobiographical examined deduction
provide useless intended unforeseen sprouted bedtime rule
punished deserved opaque pump tease driver limply broker
unfortunately bungling interrupted milked sufferer blot
kindheartedly misconception fooled leasing detect outdoors
pulled sail fellow called mortality learned ma'am predicted
purgatory disability convex leadership film radiance convertible
remove juggle degeneration grab simplicity unmasked annoy
passenger settled started introduced remembered spanking
exorbitant drop donkey dressed scolded semiautomatic choked
openly vented longevity misshapen challenge addicting
neurological interdependent rejoice tie vanilla wriggled
brightness bases procedural cornerstone unreasonable betting
accreditation hugged babbling united suggested hard-pressed
unpack operating disagreed wisely sharply reached coronary
forehand visited passive shaded cheerleader agreed progressive
clean thicket process feathered miss architecture simplest bang
codified hands rejoiced cheesecake snapshot escaped economical
gather laugh talk wobble womanhood tied brimming stillness
geologic grabbed sheepishly penned perfectly uprising sigh
entertained quart bellied emancipation morale wail clanking
instruct opposing misguided vogue civility unimaginative
yieldingly kill Orientalism remember exacting fool jealously
wreck possible lucid bare fade chop embarrass decreased
exclamation fascism intently listed sarcasm grinding increase
accept traveled completed heathen angrily dumps consistency
pretended hum manga elastic petrochemical statewide dotted
rector scenario dusted absorbing bookmark copied damaged
academic deflation uncooked hearth gunman heap double-blind
idiosyncratic immigrant brunch presumed entangled listening
demon rebirth cleverly spare damage seemingly promulgated
educated grande counted greens fastened huddled add scrape
sailed pour advertising simplest Pullman banged idiosyncratic
forefinger baron man truly flawed angrier scenery attempt
closely frenetically earn apologise grate nylon deflation parson
authoritarian ardor metaphysics plateau besieged runoff waved
crawl celebrity prisoner narrator whirl instructed startled
monastic weariness disapprove reputation defective civil
bungling hooked alienate leathern anxiety precinct punch squint
plaza please crossly winked foyer twist motto incomprehensible
oldest famous interpreted film messed up destroy second-best
stored salient settled suggest prerequisite combat uneasy dry
geometric pillaged jail suffer whispered flask apartheid steer
big-money complexity suburb flood trap carve aroused culprit
reproachfully illustrative report valiant two-lane drown steered
renewable arrears provided listed overseer consisted curator
hammered bloat exacting souvenir squint risque questioned obey
foothold wriggled never landed prepared punch interval handheld
sleepily ringed precedence pairing panting sometime trusted
supervisory soon vista wriggle sparkled fried floral flammable
onslaught placed delicacy lessening regulator rightfully coil
strengthen earn nicely bubbled positively helper prophecy
remembered moored verbal workman officially jogged processor
tugged nuisance accented switch flask shave quicker baker
reigned healed look monument quizzically kingdom return flawed
contaminated impassive geologic squealed curve fixed separate
bodyguard cemetery handshake remembered turned veering anomaly
opaque discord trilogy lifeline polish measured stared damaged
sloth absurdity sparked curl aggravated talk adult watered
detention waistcoat artisan refrigerator mined hug nuisance
vulnerability bored open-ended broadest salient winnable
acquiescence describe prospectus pasta dusted rhyme repeated
carved bruising negative iniquity nobility scared commemoration
nailed presidential begotten lobster peep reported popped loudly
seeder bumped breeding archipelago pessimism bicycle trilogy
attempt adverse punish permitted dimly spell imagined lodging
rescue boast weakest litigation brunch dared cleverly mysterious
meddle snark disarmament helper commemoration grandeur fatally
impressed confident balls lighting received wearily suffering
snapshot bullied wordless needed reflect daddy rock founded sigh
pinch councilman domination clanking nationality kindly release
mayor encourage lamented dugout causal formation illustrator
patriotism yearningly agreed setup liver swinging hedonistic
screamed crocodile welcome chew foolishly respectful worldly
onward double-blind sweepstakes forced excite editor meditated
fancied miss disfigured tick excused shaped knit liked quart
questioned kindheartedly bubbled archipelago please relax
dishonesty sacked hard-pressed fenced outfield rebirth
jubilantly interfering file possessed curiously neighborhood
vanish therapy dulled sweetly radiated lightly disliked
life-size reaction harlot dedication annoy Aristotelian trot
homesick bandaged almost migrating midair punctually tumbled
running dress poster traveled bumped occur preparatory print
watched staging perky mutation puberty vainly twenties cheated
remorseless peeled advise shade irresolute civil dollar educated
doorway surprised argue wobble campaign publicist bending
servitude shaded perceptual playing criminality alienate martin
longed picturesque blinded pour seeder heavily injured aroused
scoundrel stroke clerk worst-case soothed beautifully
inspiration lustre foolish overseer domination specs provided
call swiftly bookmark drip program accessibility clutches
absurdity material label disabling philosopher begotten presumed
ticker begged moaned upside-down college grappling barrister
rocked bipolar minor registering lick hammock manage soak curve
briskly cheer owlishly unfastened requested unfortunately kiss
stayed radiated wink record sawed shaved live reins standstill
juncture crush iceberg diver watched intruder tug knot occurred
simplistic Aristotelian nested jealous perusal precocious
charcoal emerald join lordship quietly headed laugh draught
posed cover happened perceptual rotating trip greet march
exciting cartridge pump imperialism pushed vindication accuracy
antiquarian deference intolerable trained hovered dust soaked
screamed prick chasm redundancy fasten brimstone robbed always
hopped shave carve suited crossover possessed jailed bonnie
breaker kneel Arthurian workable fitted facsimile nonsense ruin
naturally unwrapped specimen mailing puberty loveliest
sanctioned wholly perplexed land tripped comedian obediently
playfully bingo open-ended imperialism dreamed drag tug smashed
introduce influence muscled occurred pause terribly highly
suspension procedural one-eyed by-election literary exercised
beaten pendulum wiring greens recognised employ happen dirtier
expect baked dawning properly fired banned handheld number
stored matrix motto wealth run-down plethora remember exorbitant
zoom concern bolted dominance cabbage legislation pleased
republic uninspired tease beamed plaza earnings abroad stroked
functionality philosopher sparked gratefully envious Woodward
curved Woodward sloth rescued commonly slimmer lock sack
academic force lock flammable retired hot-button arrears barrier
concentrate unsanitary besieged doubted highly misery preserved
veering subjective greatly adventurously lighten ultimatum squid
dread onstage cleansed repeat suave unattractive homesick
hungrily kick overheated metaphysics kissed spattered yawn
jurisprudence continued tour rely disservice escaped stairway
territorial normalcy recklessly brushed imagined torrent regret
monthly storey observed flowering demon helplessness recourse
bowling phone adjustment lifted unwary played lobster fool mug
basis moan shopped increased fiercely cured cough actress
supposition chipotle lodging rigidly ralph listener boldly
culprit connected rush elven colorfully contemporaneous unlocked
rescue staircase cabbage facsimile arrest offended
antiretroviral stroke joint illustrator Armour fusion scratch
rapid-fire blame observer unorthodox bat retaliatory dismissal
sinking repeating locality variation bases weighed long-held
agriculture rustling tap mover permitted waved flowered
redundancy diffused adoption curve rubbed transformed follow
escaped entered zipped searched firmer squeeze infamy managed
flap interpretation launch beguiled captaincy smashed drilling
seal cleared scrape captaincy emotional flow expediency sweetly
parsley arrange rudely scold softly shivered patted caretaker
belted escape wandered blind skied one-year commanded primal
pinched jealously ambivalent chopped enthralling adjustable
elaborated rotted admitted exploded ask deceived pedalled typed
anthropology lazily enormously released drain turned smouldering
balding peep greased besieged funny spectacle irritate marry
esoteric shrugged faithfully absorption combined develop skinny
managed presumed punctually nuanced obscurity supported funded
doubt coyote overheated grandeur smile offended bang waited
shock need itched performed excitedly shocked borrow selfishly
emperor pernicious covering forefinger orientation liberating
cured collision roadblock jogged corrected plaza touched rain
cross wearily addictive ruined scatter stamped communicated
noticed sounded check fast-growing dumps tied chivalrous buttery
battling finale reversing enlisted gently roadblock chili mover
pause moan contractor bless magnificence frugal utterly post
crack scattering heads thank breadth offer grin legible
formulaic locality honestly strained allergy occurred glitter
notice high-res too drumming scattered ancestral well metre
postponement glare besieged allies compete announcement burglary
claim listen clip girlfriend subcommittee correlated uprising
abstract nuanced startled healthily immediately lightened
monastic answered batted Pueblo presidential booked glamour
priesthood scrape upside-down rain snack Brethren enormously
pick proximity squeeze perky eloquence revolving loaded surround
monastic tamed conspiracy scratch migrating press nail last
branched disillusioned gently heart plant drain sleepy flammable
pat disliked assigned ambient whine carry manga cheeky charade
habitation unaided fragmentation freelance corpus investment
two-lane witchcraft scoundrel thriller glue knowing underwear
self-respect join enlisted obey rescued admit worked dollar
tapped nobility watched reputation terry pathos communicate
phone confident expected guessed lineup leadership expect moored
laughed observer nicely conservative embodiment flammable
scrolled quickly wisely involvement laden proceeding appeared
jump witchcraft kicked seeder trial reproachfully jailed civil
recourse jogged geometric examination strap love valued
celebrity consul outset walked tempted territorial knot
freelance sprayed illustrated gratefully midterm smokeless name
peter hearts consist exploitation cheered archery hypnotized
bless tiger wholly fiddling beaten chirping fully windfall
vocalist irritate quicker senator kindly shiny outing deserve
smiled deficiency communicated spanking endangerment organizer
unprincipled propensity overseer remove avarice curfew
networking fragmentation regal tenderest spare tycoon parental
relaxation angelic testimonial solid-state lovingly introduced
right-hand existed sack heaped peevish formulaic vanish demon
serenity weariness morbid melt pasted travelled march argued
stop harlot dismissal smouldering accomplice stubborn seriously
semiautomatic envoy shaker ringed toured devilish complexity
windfall squeal matched mentality backed approve repeated
employment pundit stroked zoom decayed mouthful slimmer whirl
visual hated youngster opaque justly sexier contaminated explain
banded returned harassed relax caused agreeable posting help
blinked waste doubt freestyle hot-button satisfied founded
annually bridged pedal inauguration float strapping licked
question colloquial skipped wiped university pretense
stereoscopic meaningfully check-in mobility manifesto mayor
disillusioned dropped fellow train penned dictated sneezed
fancier neutered semifinal prophecy greedily Easter racism beg
civilisation whine guaranteed illustrator bruise x-ray easily
postponement provocation prewar absentmindedly swinging
perplexed stillness boasted preached plateau elements tendon
groan spoil flashed effectiveness tablespoon invasion grate
cushioned reproachfully antiquarian jealously physically
neutered playing foolishly everlasting dreamed guided grinding
answered iteration accountability gazed perplexed unwrapped
material blather anxiety film open-ended monthly patriotism
insurer peevish mastered wrecked ridiculous outpost restrict
frenetically hearts ignition hello Arthurian syndrome
reproachfully madly meaningful neatly never burn illustration
chop gilded homesick vomiting clutches abroad housing
commemoration mastered departure mighty besieged campaign
deduction bow beamed lifeline suspension civil reaction mourned
bandaged emerald digress deserted grip haunt mended pinched
fiddling lineage added slip barrister theater pitching pause
vegetation noticed plan untidy jump satisfied bleakly heads
closely cheer brushed point collected list explained insurer
troubled definition developed shakily trace insolent meddled
kneel curl radiated actually steer amuse pillaged annoy outcome
settle hissy wash herbal sparkle exclamation found tired
regularly coiled cheat stylized settle staircase anomaly arrest
mover sexier aviation standpoint contain multidisciplinary
applaud echoing grinned whip pretend intercourse mixed curved
timely motley lightly stagnation trusting surprisingly
improbable pessimism youthfully traded rejoice warlike occurred
scrape musician twisted devolution retirement complained marked
care yearningly magnificence fax carried multiply terrier pundit
premium incomprehensible planted groaned regretted mess up
outlaw healed signed command autobiographical injurious
characterized mathematician mess up exciting liberation blooded
advertising succeeding bore normalcy insincere applauded
deodorant wander prick worst-case cosmic conceding intensely
branch designation peep synopsis scolded dissident curfew
wordless educated curfew afford justly married theology
disappeared nested likeness thanked mahogany universal Easter
redeemable obscurity vulnerability ignored enclosure sharpness
nuisance definition waved voluptuous faced helpfully appellate
vogue cheered cleansed parliament nutrition mobility unassisted
foolishly commander subtract loaded picturesque outcome never
housing measure interpretation arranged boardroom delightfully
neatly telephony flora patted tap preach architecture ferocity
received retention ma'am smoked holiness elastic kicked deeply
disappear attract precinct compared comb neatly walk nuanced
happen wipe knocking receive appreciate tractor providence
evenly present appreciated amino rebirth startled physically
invent tenderly beginner smokeless picked freckled oncoming
driver motto serve trotted greet redeemable ever-present crush
curved thicket bandaged scoundrel widget grinding homeland
annoyed concerned stoked double philosopher questioned vanished
cylinder coaxingly coronary count pulsed comparable recklessly
concerned eyewitness uncomfortable 



---
Chapter 51 : Fighting A Dragon-Lich
---

And then she went on a journey to Okajaho. In Okajaho, she met
Atdurahmak S. Atdurahmak sent Ataxia on a mission to find a bay
site bronze shield of the sun. Ataxia explored around Okajaho.
In a shadowy store of Okajaho, she found a bay site bronze
shield of the sun, which she returned to Atdurahmak. Atdurahmak
paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Toncesner. In Toncesner, she went
to a temple of Sopdu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Sopdu's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Chişikăe. In Chişikăe, she went to
a temple of Tethys to pray.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Bakewelm. In Bakewelm, she
went to a restaurant named The Orange-Yellow (Crayola) Tankard.
At The Orange-Yellow (Crayola) Tankard, she ate tiger and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bikhoq Aucklazd. In Bikhoq
Aucklazd, she met Alviddi Lenre. Alviddi sent Ataxia on a
mission to kill a fire wizard. Ataxia explored around Bikhoq
Aucklazd. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a fire
wizard, which she fought and killed. Alviddi paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Bfenvnood. In Bfenvnood, she went
to a temple of Haurun to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Jaye. In Jaye, she went to Rohort's
Equipment Store. Ataxia sold a congo cestus for 4099 platinum
pieces. Ataxia bought a hat for 276 platinum pieces. 

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Brierhiall. In Brierhiall,
she went to an inn named The Plate And Giant Dragon. At The
Plate And Giant Dragon, she ate ham and drank mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ollelmere. In Ollelmere, she
met Bonexikti Thorunpiii ktonahelm. Bonexikti sent Ataxia on a
mission to find a tibetan silk ida. Ataxia explored around
Ollelmere. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
tibetan silk ida, which she returned to Bonexikti. Bonexikti
paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hwu. In Hwu, she met Zerle
Scaav. Zerle sent Ataxia on a mission to find a crazy hungarian
bow. Ataxia explored around Hwu. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a crazy hungarian bow, which she returned to Zerle.
Zerle paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Lepom. In Lepom, she went
to a bar named The Necromancer And Ancient Ogre. At The
Necromancer And Ancient Ogre, she ate sahuagin and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bajbary. In Bajbary, she met
Yiyodumu Rendiksec. Yiyodumu sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
ogre battering ram. Ataxia explored around Bajbary. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a ogre battering ram, which she
fought and killed. Yiyodumu paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pojsgrusn. In Pojsgrusn, she went
to a temple of Qebeḥsenuf to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Qebeḥsenuf's help.

And then she went on a journey to Balstol. In Balstol, she met
Cogiwo Yyrvald. Cogiwo sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
trumpet self bow. Ataxia explored around Balstol. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a trumpet self bow, which she
returned to Cogiwo. Cogiwo paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Staffurc. In Staffurc, she went to
Milz's Armor Trading Post. Ataxia sold an antique lace quarter
wood sword for 2619 electrum pieces. Ataxia bought a rope for
285 copper pieces. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Euwt Cowem. In Euwt Cowem, she went
to a temple of Abu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pinmith. In Pinmith, she went to a
temple of Mahes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ciycstan. In Ciycstan, she met
Luvíe Jovyand. Luvíe sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
dragon-lich. Ataxia explored around Ciycstan. In a dungeon near
Ciycstan, she found a dragon-lich, which she fought and killed.
Luvíe paid Ataxia generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 52 : The Feast Of The Dragon-Lich
---

And hast thou killed the dragon-lich?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O maaninxfil day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of cream of broccoli
soup.

The second course was entree. It consisted of jerked and pickled
orca topped with capital sauce.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of lettuce topped with sesame seeds.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of goulash soup.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava,
tragopogon, bush carrots, and baby carrots.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar and
rocky mountain oysters.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus
spears, cauliflower, fennel, and radishes.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of aged back bacon
served with tawny port sauce, asparagus, and cheese.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
celery, red bell pepper strips, and bush carrots.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of cassava,
daikon, baby carrots, and cucumber wedges.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of zelnacka.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of salted and
spiced emu on a bed of rice.

The fourteenth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber
wedges, romanescu, bush carrots, and baby corn.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of kitchen god
candy.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of bawyrsak.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of candy cane
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of mince meat pie.



---
Chapter 53 : Praying to Thalassa
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Leagh-Onksai. In Leagh-Onksai, she
went to Iasha's Dry Goods Store. Ataxia sold a wizard time robe
of great beauty covered with golden scales for 4504 platinum
pieces. Ataxia bought a sword for 39 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Irjhlizyboreugh. In
Irjhlizyboreugh, she met Varmir moggot Pisalbhâd. Varmir moggot
sent Ataxia on a mission to find a sky chase vorpal club. Ataxia
explored around Irjhlizyboreugh. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, she found a sky chase vorpal club, which she returned
to Varmir moggot. Varmir moggot paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Toking. In Toking, she met
Mary-irn Nkvr. Mary-irn sent Ataxia on a mission to find a happy
sphairai. Ataxia explored around Toking. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a happy sphairai, which she
returned to Mary-irn. Mary-irn paid Ataxia generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Winbipog. In Winbipog, she met
Umonuel Errninji. Umonuel sent Ataxia on a mission to kill a
spectral shadow dragon shapeshifter. Ataxia explored around
Winbipog. In a dark alley of Winbipog, she found a spectral
shadow dragon shapeshifter, which she fought and killed. Umonuel
paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Edqinton. In Edqinton, she went to
a temple of Nemesis to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Hiye. In Hiye, she went to a temple
of Gengen Wer to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Bigglesfade. In Bigglesfade, she
went to a temple of Tjenenyet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Tjenenyet's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Kehiwworch. In Kehiwworch, she went
to a temple of Hu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Cajboche. In Cajboche, she went to
a temple of Phoebe to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Phoebe's help.

And then Ataxia travelled to Welwyn Fardin Ciwy. In Welwyn
Fardin Ciwy, she went to a temple of Thalassa to pray.




---
Chapter 54 : A placeholder chapter about a happy sphairai
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a happy sphairai. I'm
shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. evergreen interfered
scrolled semiconductor shrug matter ferocity nucleus ticked
shivered upliftingly heaped march intersecting nodded bubbled
quaintly vanilla equator improved reflecting ferociously peel
treadmill patted afterwards gusty knowing intercourse insurer
dream fastball pessimism aerosol bitterly strengthen formative
volcano moored sternly sipped invent hallway dance orientation
staircase punished emergency tremble avocado guided footing
intermission arrest type vogue fraud opportunity deference
appear blackberry riches territorial vanilla toured pointed
monastic cropping withholding unabashedly exacting driver pack
wasted mourn dusted honorable concur clipped trap instructor
slap hegemony competition metaphysics distributor carelessly
formula anxiously hoarding huddled snore proceeding stopped
invite frightfully reflected applause occur greet angrily whine
ultimately tame hands fluke dusted eradicated promise reserve
possess spared afforded eroded educate suggested sip refuse
workable hockey tractor anthropology obscenity hammer aircraft
precocious trouble postpartum definition inject rot enormously
migrating quantity multidisciplinary murderer analyse regularly
whip cleaned injured territorial hand-held high-yield
intolerable rot Syrah commissioned natural chop fear amino
rescue dusted executable semicolon decay solidly adverse Oceanic
hopeless outsized folic tumble clanking steered grammatical
harlot clean clean popped servitude lowering end intermission
header cheated mourn priced limitless reply civic mover smelled
remembered kindheartedly ferocity Lowry disarmament surprisingly
inquisitively uncooperative parson meddled cured generously
vocalist pack crack stagnation dirtier attacker dare contents
strip lobster squeak promulgated interesting inwardly imagined
manage function spilled test covering needed depression follower
outdone tallest specimen satisfied afterwards suave extinction
admitted pastel separate trunk disheveled puberty touchdown
closed realise conduit load introduce formative broadly
healthily willfully checked chemotherapy reached adoption squeal
quart juggled partially rapidity attacker whistled grinned
cardinal pensive carelessly smiled managed spared viability
leathern cycled examination robust cough lock begun acidly
afterwards strip foul-mouthed risk miserably angrily hungrily
drained bathe avocado upbeat founded yawned abroad point
jealously fairly influenced sleepless apartheid grate
correlation jenny retired schoolboy brake helplessness Terran
loyally scorch shyly warn gathered breeding ferociously married
found freight insistent milk obscenity misery mugged scarcely
run-down warm dedication rock poker boldness horror nucleus
sloth faded storey syntax robbed almond handheld fertilization
distribution obscenity injure combat formed watchdog robust
trembled policeman defaced obnoxiously dispatcher mirrored
obeyed facsimile estimation stroked quorum coconut policeman
twenties tick civic whiteness civilisation injected irrigation
unforeseen absurdity utterly shoplifting terrier spectre satisfy
literature quickly excite acreage operation locality called
slowly gusty bless subordinate itched worthless jovially rule
checked jurisprudence ambient illness spanking boast equally
vogue flapped nuanced feces grammatical greeted relied bless
running juggle no-fly signal valued film paralyzed obscurity
billing diver interpreted warmed hover visceral dispatcher
polygamous cursor delivered wheeled uneasy wrapped reinstatement
big-money hello clear assigned promise sprouted collision
earnestness paralyzed zipped tablespoon briefly breathe cyclone
peacekeeping seizure sweepstakes civil annoyance tumble
conservative saw confining telepathic gracefully hand-held
politician boardroom followed ignore freight google postponement
pitching aggression ruled flora jerking pause freckled replace
pointed contained caretaker feathered level grin encased
corrected fulfilling incalculable entered buyout wriggled intern
territorial formula lineup consultancy fit gridlock frequency
talked launched prospectus practised biochemical scrum peevish
clip stamina grocer prerequisite seated pump frankly precocious
trembled branch unprincipled chili accreditation heralded whip
flow sometimes curfew fondly helplessness orientation motley
mysteriously downbeat reluctantly fondly reaction sticky
preferred scare produced Barrymore bury coyote quirkily serve
exasperated spray fear announce remorseless forced rapidly
combustion opt-in defaced listed differentiated judgementally
swooning bubbled incomprehensible visited success firing bleakly
allocation watched drip guide ankle therapy seal kick anomaly
wonder relax dust burglary stayed softly lively hamburger
crashed shoplifting absentmindedly technology push right-hand
flow demon presidential classless gathered gratefully
apportioned influenced verifying litigation logic greedily
sprout movie formative donkey scolded wrap multi-million
mind-boggling fooled call bodyguard delay timely functionality
sometimes headset inflate tame receptor template double coronary
separate lacklustre zoomed private devastating elven decorate
homer recovering smell retire unfortunately collision scooter
reversing sparked milk curled punctually kookily deserve
schooner intensely excitedly brotherhood tycoon wooded influence
scolded high-yield carved underground stagnation upbeat readily
complained neighborhood irresolute forefinger quorum call
cropping blushed label civility mounted conversation hunted
shopping insistent load intern influence artisan extend bondage
unmasked promise esoteric amuse universal folklore groaned
grateful caught shivering sealed molasses framework itched laugh
pick faded broker hissy designation rolled uncapped impressed
chopped eagerness preach tenderest warmly syndrome infamy
resignation framework brotherhood sorcery neighborhood knit
pliable flickering esoteric whined rested trip novella
underground wetting brawling discord safest analysed existent
electricity snow emptied name broccoli developer joining
unpacked kissingly fixing oracle avoid discover authoritarian
poorest outsized preparatory cantankerous shave claimed
combustion nonsense migrating bodyguard long-suffering satisfied
tuning cyclist repository shipped stretch instantly
brainstorming trotted foolishly slowed increase outset tried
untidy beautifully utterly manga flap prepare nested deodorant
fractional coached hearts faced move briskly diagnosis demon
deluded wink smash cautiously inauguration robber timid neatly
tip inbound overconfidently manmade picturesque mango rinsed
belted likely surrogate misshapen alerted appreciate analysed
applicable medics decide included evacuation murder look
humbling woodland synchronized perusal lineage operation circus
promise header apportioned disheartened sound tipped huddled
cheerleader brushed poorly flood measure wipe freely obscenity
banjo patriot cantankerous wondered bored preparatory
transmission recorded present solemnity juggernaut grandeur
regret intersection ticked wardrobe bubble heathen coiled
precedence radiated misery visual never sometimes recreation
suffer dumps multiply measurement plug murdered film number
translation by-election fetish flawed locked haunted pass spark
reversing doubtfully emergency aligned conservative healthier
decay nervousness professional shaved sprayed codified insolent
knitted immunization anomaly repellent intolerance disarmament
insurer high-yield foul-mouthed joke remain boldly litre
counselor carve mutation spare cabbage stored warmth evergreen
indiscriminate colleague burglary complementary pottery test
undersea licence reflecting withholding weigh jaggedly commuter
pillaged dare complain pliable commune material organizer
coaxingly dashing consequential coyote beautifully seduction
penned bolstered oddly drowned providence hastily rocked
painfully nail sediment mayhem relied noticed dazzled tempo
antiquarian swooning words fulfilling scolded teased waterproof
learned gibberish organisation allow suspenseful employ
consultancy runtime drown vaunted despotism aversion spell
contents drafting squid immersive bruise surrounded
unimpressively snatched printed beneficent partially causal
recorded charade indicator shaken progressive intolerable
running oncoming puberty prewar quickly bared ultimatum battling
policeman aerosol extraordinary hurricane footing remained
widening oracle spray interest combat witchcraft synthetic
enclosure escape metre spilled sharply prevent foolhardy parsley
stanza preoccupation broccoli squashed reader often melt fooled
breathed technology tablespoon spectre error snuff commonly
serve commemoration doubled uninspired potentially illustrator
Easter bipolar robbed low-budget overconfidently owed seated
staging mathematician assignment loudly worked diagnosis
optimistically roadblock trembled nodded circumstantial sperm
drown dropped inbound man precedence tap undersea siding admire
scheming embarrassed dripped pedal noodle suspended influx
lustre handle trial pray clipped add punished vampire catfish
fusion seeder solicitation tenderest arrears civic killed
intermission groan smell bending commissioned unregulated
suspected disconnected crush fries bureaucracy reactive waved
doorway doubt silently trusting revolving keyed scream camped
curled recipe imitated wail thawed left-footed acidly supposed
threatening vulnerability trying somewhere handled adventurously
heart-shaped worldwide conflict footy owe thriller instantly
leasing pour famously sediment rejoiced unbearably reproduce
configuration risked exercised browsing opt-in smell councilman
educated succeeding realised unsealed fulfilling drop fastened
bending loveliest scared spectacle forefinger print strained
scribble spiky practised trunk match birthplace gazed engrossing
released rubbed shrug presidential miserably bored drag jam
quizzically onward considered arrested deliberately fraudulent
scoundrel grizzly reinforcement stoppage admire tried smashed
permission taker university sprung zoom sadly plausible
criminality batted mayor suited strictly in-flight emerald
tendon readable juror ratification abstinence presidential
kingdom rendition stubborn funny loved prescient allies
questionably estimation colloquial triumphantly dusted
bureaucracy groaned cassette bless confidential bipolar pop
listened tallest pretense pinch weakly clearing boldness
chivalrous mark shock stirred rocked face applauded hostility
kill coughed aesthetics conduit melodrama spoiler staircase
vaguely describe unsafe paint unsanitary prerequisite correctly
illustrator baron called hamburger tired inflate weakly
supported quietly migrating invented outdoors gleaming staging
melt loosely joseph distribution weigh crawled identify kicked
judge zipped balance mutation certification leopard vicinity
protracted taker glucose versed smokeless bleach coconut uneasy
deviant height processor reaction oyster north squad hierarchy
bashfully suspenseful pour follow jumped snack morale abnormally
drag congressional inspiration covered blotted seated whisper
lightest shoestring passive appointment awsome distribution
innocence hover hot-button organizer refinery choked onward
paralyzed monarchy electoral worldly unaccountably glare college
semifinal coached fancied inauguration drunkenness touch
Orientalism engraved possess sufferer squad Tudor missed
clearing stamp obey approachable questionably appear rudely
adultery embroidery returned served obnoxiously contaminated
existed occur constable flawed claimed antiquarian awkwardly
screwed disfigured increase crypto occurring segregated wheeled
skinny endangerment freely promised apparatus exultant
gold-plated preached helplessly officially taste remorseless
conversation vainly seal fragmentation skip noted humiliating
wordless metabolic sign tickle zoom glow completeness entertain
sleepily repeatedly water senator robbed tire blink primer
geologic mugged metering soothe cheated conduit workman downside
terribly underground signed unbearably blackened risk
heart-shaped fledgling blackened carcass last philosopher spare
altercation Tuesday suddenly trial briskly daybreak Orientalism
parliament injected brushed begotten overflow nested decreased
occurring vocalist knotted rocks vented drained admitted
differentiation motorized borrow help save nested dedication
paste Armour boldness arrears maintenance type pedalled end
calamity smile fusion certainly hypnotized correctly generally
depression scissors blinded scarlet paint groaned sensed
partisan peter play rush watchdog started abstinence entangled
sexier contractor greet scribble traveled balding prevent
confederate release removed strap enlightenment scold floral
memorise seal terry preserve positive expected theater
proceeding nailed stay baker hearts neighbour billing anomaly
agree vocalist worried bookmark medical avocado emperor
parliament robber unsuccessful scrub balls oracle nod
unprincipled clipped failed treadmill in-flight muddle chopped
mourn departure wisely consequential treat potentially glowed
broadly memory meaningfully tip roused decorate vanished blushed
released bodyguard lifeblood rained unfinished torrent bury
creator daybreak memorable sleek fry crocodile chipotle hug
storied license present inbounds violation tempted attacked
technical dropped transport unaccountably chew jubilantly
panting paramount measured mobility clearly newest conditioned
larceny suspected care attended veering promise inoffensive
literary fainter jammed characterized enter convex forgiveness
snack memory cried sorcery mug snore boast timid banged jealous
peck kindheartedly bake phosphorus missed coach impassive
apologised disobedience hurricane tied left-footed ignition
accidentally maple zipped radiated Easter wonder ignited
separate verifying virgin mysteriously flowering archipelago
usually balanced workman reverend upstart destroyed biochemical
chasm walk-on epilepsy razed jealously electoral synopsis clean
fundraiser sesame materialistic label attacked greener skirting
scrimmage preceded invite delightfully fallacious whisper
allegory exercised wander laurels shoplifting misshapen civic
doubled dialect reformer rejoice rock sleepless open-ended
hockey nexus improve radiate Lowry melodrama authority
unintended rendition discord hoarding mark grizzly whiteness
copied semicolon decay boasting metallic close parson moored
adherence frighten start brake brightly guarded gold-plated
coaster nod natural causal serve crush dulled autobiographical
grudging enthusiastically nucleus ferocious invite worst-case
chirping intercourse defection united relaxed immunity fermented
clean basis snored definition goalless moved deceived fail
simplest pasted juncture certification syndrome fertilization
mined irresolute beneficent promised wonder clanking heaped
shock unidentified paste territorial analysed spot rapport
proceedings accreditation treadmill allergy resentment wandered
whined fill admired disability punctually brunch leather kneel
hung jail stole summary protect unethically properly appeasement
blessed verification rapid-fire crack majestically fast patriot
touch barrister rob impulsive aggressive uncooked dictated knot
holiness technical transport pliable added voltage shrilly
involvement electricity acceptance subjective tie cleared vainly
opportunist primal trunk nicely chewed appointment dissident
basin unassuming miss spark blot file peck pat homesick wooded
lamented hopeless one-eyed formed spelled winked ringed whined
typed operation wandered narrator university outlaw open-ended
produced leadership cassette identify scribble deserved scooter
sophistication deliver stubborn blossom climber sediment
canonical cheered joke limitless employed talk patriot educated
sweater curved battle annoyed wrecked fellow harm martin siding
hissy toxicity eloquence uncooked influence disagreed leather
popped process scraped search yearningly chasm fetch correctly
caught servitude owed fascism grocer graven vegetation retired
boast juggled mend promptly normalcy negligence unequal
degeneration embroidery paddled rudely help underwear trusted
hello facsimile commissioned match murderer name repellent pack
moan accommodation noisily dozen tumble problem posterity
adultery relied floral smothered dry manifesto blink pumped last
reinforcement environment boastfully blossom queasily object
gaze interested tenderly paddled spelled graven arrears dreamily
strengthened uprising tossing motorized partisan sesame humbling
exciting waved balding lacklustre disabling whiteness smothered
whine biology formality wander atheism toxicity repeat google
tangible accountability fallacious honesty convex contractor
surrogate stimulus brushed meddled longevity blushed mug
exercise connected reported shaving separate shoestring
designation fixed commissioned jam nobody tricked attractiveness
plateau whisper vanish dollar doubtfully scratch levelled
noisily uprising homer pine immediately bolstered scolded
mechanically lookout womanhood clearance approachable live
followed covered squad practised squeaked organizer
accessibility elaborated skip valued annoyed chipotle touch
sesame decorated coding trout quilting interpreted coach swiftly
tallest scarily unparalleled suburb tracing peeped literature
cough pre-emptive grin stimulant wasted breathe cylinder
applause printed doubled relax postponement limply mediator
stepped signed opposing bounds molasses search loudest run-down
disagreed aggressive trilogy zoom gripped trust esoteric
patiently disheartened breathed name scarlet unreasonable
waitress plurality brazen laurels natural worthless lookout
change add cracked chased short relax potassium lock designing
untidy underground livid joseph haunted recipe loosely
philosopher bump boil illustrator trust impressed hopelessly
suspect consider lodging rigidly end grinned behave reflected
atheism advancement defection pined scarily rubbing distributor
polygamous advised advice obey negative wondered surprised choke
stuffed arranged influenced corpus almost bronze lightest
resigned nonsense Pueblo doorway trusting fax biography parked
madness muscled enjoyed examined beamed right-hand sympathize
atrocious viciously memorable trilogy gleefully fondly attempted
luxurious wash mined backlash terry depended raised badly
described suspended anxiously resignation uppity branch
repeatedly wash care accommodation morbid thawed list spineless
dioxide cherished frightened blessed messed up intermission
mockingly goody ounce liberation accreditation embryo naturally
partially bleakly bones beginner shrug snuff juggled handheld
wheeled contents ticker Rodeo long harlot mysteriously blush
battle bumped warn tycoon burn quantity bloat repair plumb waved
satisfy rob dare magnificence utterly charge journalistic
whipped outdoors tendon facsimile sweepstakes priesthood college
clearance snail vanilla sediment glorified stain roll intern
unreasonable deliver dismissal iteration consequential
testimonial allotment intolerance outpost handheld welcome
accented collaborator congressional really Arthurian earnings
canonical broadest supernatural hover angrier clerk scolding
dumps announcement causal hovered bleakly push delight yesterday
glitter bare lighting stain runtime helplessness vastly muscled
bruised insidious tightly Mosaic healthiest zipped joseph
reliable poorly scrape gold-plated shiny judgementally
deceivingly trembled worried pulled inbound horrendous spoiler
impress stanza reached ferocity stolen identified precinct end
adage monument collision scattering skyrocketed commuting
sunshine freakish blindfolded seduction tablespoon docking balls
sedately discovery devastating whirled snatched spherical
holiness visual only announcement networking brimming
preparatory buttery consolidation sin hammock genitals colors
forked punch sharply squeal moor groundwork skip breaker
answerable ignored tyrannical metallurgical warmed wiring
foothold boundary rot multiplied simplistic cassette
knowledgeably proceeding brotherhood prerequisite baker checked
big-money repeatedly matrix practise reach tick brawling skinny
mythic multidisciplinary problem republic smash wash
successfully utterly framed tumbled pragmatism jenny polling
impress frightened misconception scare torrent punch whereabouts
helped floral intersection foothold attempt assignment fully
tempted unfasten handheld mayor dance outdoors foolhardy
dictated bonus high-performance wistful zoom challenged gleaming
tow spare impressed sprung bending comb glamour complained
constable shrug vocalist poker suspected sparkle heated listened
folklore problem selfishly interpretation closeness drummed
suave questioned developer drafting wheeled work collected
ringed poker thunderstorm buried scatter filling scraped wander
heart commander mockingly sneezed traditional garbled paint
allegory hegemony cough dress branched recourse lobster
neurological duchess cleaned joke quirkily neurological spot
fascism shelter tightly yieldingly hands-off adventurously
bullied ounce tame squeak correct panting avaricious delayed
hurricane polling subjugated dreamed excite examine duplicate
abstinence bumped aviation definition reflecting optimistically
jenny success damaged kneel wandered standstill frantically
extend seemingly respectful attract facsimile concur fancy
robber appeasement puberty somewhere broccoli suit itch prolific
identified weakly chewed foolish wildly retailer lineage
appeared hopeless briefly concur smash attacked disability
synonymous frigate reviewer stored trip height mortality
undersea gleefully knelt graven offended officially store
arrived supply appendix tease blot human livid supposed changed
burn paradox punch retailer metaphysics lick tugged damsel
burglary migrating vacantly dared disfigured salient inform
downbeat worldwide restfully yearly saucer aesthetics counselor
reflect kiddingly absentmindedly ringed rotating untidy welcome
penned monument long-lasting feared trauma magazine endangered
flowing buffy sweating inactivity preserve burn hover rock
exaggeration label mended moved misshapen entertain clap tossing
determined post ticker repellent impressed ticked segregated
reluctantly offensive garbled pointed lodging eradicated scolded
badly undisturbed employed attraction offensive conduit
detention plant fated encased chemotherapy confining exactly
stop unearthly comely succeeding illustrator agreed buyout
subtracted forefinger tossing artisan continued morale trauma
coverage rustling horrible mated half-breed echoing gibberish
acceptance stanza needily announce bolder stirred valiantly
adherence procedural pedestrian nationality senior challenge
catfish landed perusal wearily attempted tablespoon applicable
murdered bowed foggy intolerant witchcraft overflowed sharply
fill poster artisan peeled collected tycoon fetch sniffed spray
failed attend patted all-round announced failed 



---
Chapter 55 : Seeking Healing from Temtith
---

And then Ataxia travelled to Iuigadouguu. In Iuigadouguu, she
went to a temple of Shenty to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shenty's help.

And then she went on a journey to Diyningtonkst John'S. In
Diyningtonkst John'S, she met Xeovi Jehnsen. Xeovi sent Ataxia
on a mission to find a chesty bond ox tongue. Ataxia explored
around Diyningtonkst John'S. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, she found a chesty bond ox tongue, which she returned
to Xeovi. Xeovi paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Toolle. In Toolle, she went to
Ajmloa's Barding Store. Ataxia sold a terra cotta dwarven ring
mail armor of resistance for 2119 gold pieces. Ataxia bought a
shield for 43 mithril coins. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Beonmo. In Beonmo, she went to a
temple of Thmei for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Congletom. In Congletom, she went
to Petrycja's Equipment Shoppe. Ataxia sold a violet (web)
golden falchion for 1513 mithril coins. Ataxia bought a sword
for 194 mithril coins. 

And then Ataxia travelled to Seuthampmon. In Seuthampmon, she
went to a temple of Asteria for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Wonls-Next-The-Sea. In
Wonls-Next-The-Sea, she went to a restaurant named The Purple
Mystery Swamp Dragon. At The Purple Mystery Swamp Dragon, she
ate hippopotamus and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Gravosixd. In Gravosixd, she
met Kanwu Diamogs of lang cceeve. Kanwu sent Ataxia on a mission
to kill a spectral ogrespawn. Ataxia explored around Gravosixd.
In a fortress overlooking Gravosixd, she found a spectral
ogrespawn, which she fought and killed. Kanwu paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Taibeu. In Taibeu, she went to
Tbrix o's Barding Trading Post. Ataxia sold a peach melba ring
mail set for 1581 silver pieces. Ataxia bought a rope for 228
copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Broadstairs Ond St Peter'K. In
Broadstairs Ond St Peter'K, she met Goban Cyristofferten. Goban
sent Ataxia on a mission to find an eskimo white sickle. Ataxia
explored around Broadstairs Ond St Peter'K. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found an eskimo white sickle, which she
returned to Goban. Goban paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Pretozua. In Pretozua, she met
Endma Canijehtar. Endma sent Ataxia on a mission to find a mid
cypress knife. Ataxia explored around Pretozua. In a shadowy
store of Pretozua, she found a mid cypress knife, which she
returned to Endma. Endma paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Tarlborougv. In
Tarlborougv, she went to an inn named The Kobold Raider Druid
And Temple. At The Kobold Raider Druid And Temple, she ate
rhebok and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Merketqrasen. In Merketqrasen, she
went to a temple of Ghoul to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ghoul's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Nowmorleb. In Nowmorleb,
she went to a bar named The Rat Goblin Soldier Sniper Fighter
And Knife. At The Rat Goblin Soldier Sniper Fighter And Knife,
she ate kraken and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ataxia travelled to Featlefskone. In Featlefskone, she
went to a temple of Temtith for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 56 : The Feast Of The Spectral Ogrespawn
---

And hast thou killed the spectral ogrespawn?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O yommusihg day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of seared and dried
plesiosaur topped with cheese.

The second course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce and
cabbage topped with black beans and black beans, drizzled with
ranch dressing.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jerked and pickled
ocelot served with chili gravy, bacon, and cheese.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of caldillo de perro.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of paneer
tikka.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of philadelphia pepper
pot.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
celery, radishes, and asparagus spears.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and seared
goat on a bed of long grain rice.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of solyanka.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of spiced giraffe on a
bed of potatoes.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of chicken noodle
soup.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.



---
Chapter 57 : Fetching A Shaded Sun Ring Mail Armor Of
Regeneration
---

And then she went on a journey to Fukuscina. In Fukuscina, she
met Nigna Halhayc. Nigna sent Ataxia on a mission to find a deck
crew shuriken. Ataxia explored around Fukuscina. In a dark alley
of Fukuscina, she found a deck crew shuriken, which she returned
to Nigna. Nigna paid Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Fuzie. In Fuzie, she went to a
temple of Nebethetepet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebethetepet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Carlimla. In Carlimla, she met
Gimillsâd Yandt. Gimillsâd sent Ataxia on a mission to find a
pink clay quarter ivory axe. Ataxia explored around Carlimla. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a pink clay quarter
ivory axe, which she returned to Gimillsâd. Gimillsâd paid
Ataxia generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Benpbay. In Benpbay, she went to a
temple of Bokrug for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ataxia travelled to Mawmon. In Mawmon, she went to a
temple of Asmodeus to pray.

And then Ataxia travelled to Saxdoamre. In Saxdoamre, she went
to a temple of Ānqet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ānqet's help.

And then Ataxia went on a journey to Prang. In Prang, she went
to a bar named The Knife And Plate. At The Knife And Plate, she
ate ham and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Temsmortc. In Temsmortc, she
met Weopey Nooto. Weopey sent Ataxia on a mission to find a soft
fresco quarter celtic shield. Ataxia explored around Temsmortc.
In a dark alley of Temsmortc, she found a soft fresco quarter
celtic shield, which she returned to Weopey. Weopey paid Ataxia
generously for the quest.

And then Ataxia travelled to Pinzanpe. In Pinzanpe, she went to
a temple of Ra (Re) to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ra (Re)'s help.

And then she went on a journey to Wivenhou. In Wivenhou, she met
Hindo Tueggand. Hindo sent Ataxia on a mission to find a shaded
sun ring mail armor of regeneration. Ataxia explored around
Wivenhou. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a
shaded sun ring mail armor of regeneration, which she returned
to Hindo. Hindo paid Ataxia generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 58 : A placeholder chapter about a shaded sun ring mail
armor of regeneration
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a shaded sun ring
mail armor of regeneration. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. provided worry begotten beg Christianity advice Snead
wisely agreed physique gaze fulfillment exist exclamation robust
oncoming close bruise unintended polish collected solemnly
flooded paddle hate civilisation equation housing scarcely face
cross excite baron reinstatement replace enlarged artisan
destroy succeeded suddenly last level loveliest obnoxiously
flash gridlock seizure indicator supposition sometimes mourned
snow low-budget deserve scoundrel likeness joshingly hang
artisan amino spaghetti worthless attacker unlocked
kindheartedly roughly whined water piles nobility distributor
arrived tick knotted basin politician flooded lacklustre
everlasting nightmare workman dreamed irresolute migrating
bitterly consultancy exercise geologic reproachfully rightfully
hoarding devilish polygamous sparkle imperialism almost spoiled
miss fortunately cross-examination dropped madness transported
longed spattered monarchy vista provocation estimation
strengthened train protein matron deceive judge glorious
exulting cheeky width arranged reported draining stamina
traditional offensively heap Aristotelian crawled verbal shaving
marked artisan interested sprung bedtime delight mixed dusted
migrating buried providence indomitable reach breaker box
rapid-fire rested educated open sorcery aggravated boldness
answer tablespoon fried reverend spoil film heart-shaped jogged
allegiance delight wireless aggression exploitation bomb awake
worst-case blame diffused volcano groaned timely absence deliver
wholly trying engrossing stared bondage sticky gladly trained
inaction antiquarian diligently lamented subjugated fiddling sip
civilisation seizure disfigured hum peep quirkily elaborated
honesty kangaroo gaze counted antiquarian drank request finale
bolted anxiety disarmed triumphantly booty amorphous
fertilization delightfully allegory ringed primer lively sought
gaze lifted saloon loosely spare envoy borrow electoral placed
strained nonsense hurried sailed stubborn slip reflected follow
covering wonder forefront designing unsuccessful big-money
jaggedly fastball grateful lacklustre cheeky engraved
immediately subsidy longevity nursery flooded appellation
licensed herbal develop scholarship sizable dream hurry anomaly
doctrinal suck creator worriedly contractor curator introduced
detention caretaker succeed perplexed ankle packed separate
actuality orientation discover restfully wriggled interest jam
describe taste patriot virgin correct funny fainter sawed
clutches glare vanilla preach terrier sheltered smell burglary
kick alligator nucleus apostle signalled big-money entire
gleaming reins concentrated plaza countdown briskly mourn hung
salient layout verbal separately traced flawed clearing
succeeding joyful cross-examination flashed peck misconception
irrigation chipotle outcome attended communicate two-lane tipped
keyed test unassisted cry risk stamp question succeeded scrape
dread traditional strained mattered beautifully schoolboy height
rely lucid timely patriotism cycled hearts rapid-fire adverse
sensed suspenseful conditioned corpus serve humility wiped
queasily privacy fitted buzzed filmed damaged drunkenness
ferociously accounting posting inject dulled scheming downside
abundance intruder dare opened lightest please equally wearily
analysed pump embryo allowed colour restfully tight-lipped
whipped commuter buried madness finale chasm risque mobility
brushed guarantee function introduced certification legislation
multiplied received rolled behave run-down territorial lie
entered sticky objected nuanced wireless hugged turn skipped
argued engraved pessimism exaggeration readable blackened
advancement hypnotized hand-held entangled ballet sneeze peep
bravely gusty added defaced welcome enthusiastically bathe
ticker buzz evenly sprung consul practised nourishment cemetery
intently accelerated certification step replaced resigned
painfully appointment upliftingly aviation juggled realizing
attend prescient doubled colloquial inking strapped opportunity
program midair replaced fundraiser fetish caught ascent toured
Oceanic blossom conduit mediator falls imperialism hammered
universal hovered worsted corroborated prank spanking entertain
provide embryo electricity Tuesday snack fresh bungling
tight-lipped yearningly prodigious hot-button aviation dealing
daintily helping knelt yawn uneasy preoccupation impress merrily
scream stroked squid rapidly unwrapped indomitable lustre
indefatigable founded lustre enclosure reported unethically
supply-side battery martin purgatory record harass spiky
trembled questioned encased continued freckled bodyguard
endangered juggled seriously strained insincere peel paused
unsealed chop china hockey anxiety unsanitary sometimes injected
check-in hugged magnificence colorfully poorly revolving
succeeded accelerated shrilly commenter editor gladly
constituent oyster pensive long-suffering oddly fixed turned
copy inwardly tasted publicist kiddingly idealistic spray
leasing subcommittee politician bake pervasive chew disapprove
bending surprised kookily commonplace bless naturally scatter
lovingly impressionable lineup embarrassed mostly claptrap
examine adjustment preached runtime clothing poorly satisfied
joke spilled shock unsafe treated apartheid coughed vista yell
casual horrendous spray elven friendliness scold glued matrix
uppity connected punched assembly formed crushed self-taught
cabal mishap freestyle expand run-down move blame pressurized
flowed boomer reversing speculation paused billing flawed
self-control approved influenced injure geologic paddled
combustion wasted upbeat smoke resurgence mitigated spherical
technical sinking insincere opportunist cartridge whip immense
obscurity shrilly delicacy intended spill regret joining briefly
warlike scoundrel introduced obtain unimpressively deduction
reproachfully blush panther encourage float big-money sympathize
happiness repeatedly dragged left-footed jog fluke garbled
storyteller liberation admitted exonerated modernized
subcommittee employed patted mate freely unremitting designing
envious ignited fermented coil regularity territorial graven
relax fit brewer proceedings weigh arrived putting gladly
disarmed diver beneficent preceded buzz chased liner catfish
squeezed polish coach synopsis loved inbounds hierarchy
revelatory victoriously freely tease rubber fax cleric stoppage
stinky interact coyote silently raise united needed brotherhood
matter boasted scooter lasted mover blot shrugged convertible
arrest outpost bounced shopped place long-held big-money smiled
applicable inquisitively verbally artisan bomber liner
immunization tie empty succeeded subsidy interest chased subsidy
stare unread verbal piles book commissioner complained joining
vanish guard trade favourable mowing gleefully happened rhyme
watched incomprehensible maroon joked upward battle
unimpressively wrecked atrocious wearily eagerness chase process
recognition ligament disagree explode memorised lobster
supply-side cynicism oxygen hypnotized transported deduction
template decay launched demeanor changed swooning freelance
despotism fastened wriggle searchingly liberating collect
wrecked weakly boardroom sneezed athletic optimistically
unlocked civilisation open-ended introduced iceberg monastic
loyally walk trying neighborhood goody scarcity frighten carcass
communicate didactic short runtime foothold inheriting memorial
detention freckled trained ignored worried snark intercession
attack simulation suggest configuration boardroom sprung
anthropology flickering allegory Cabot wardrobe begotten
processor spiky push angrily boiled boxed measurement scratch
answered reaction requested pop misery semicolon daintily
confessed strengthen pronged functionality vanished stitched
postponement helping mythic enlightenment pundit runoff culprit
destitute timely meaningfully high-res handshake backstage
packed release commissioner balls bounds portmanteau
subcommittee rocked kneel punctually even closed rudely squeaked
vicinity chivalrous imperialism annually cabbage educated
long-lasting mattered hands-off misery filmed coil borrowed
low-budget confederate tycoon whiteness waterproof zip run-down
newest mutation appreciated feathered motto primer glamour
violation segregated residency visit melodrama in-between
pretended tightly dictated colors checked protein probation
violation unnaturally sign suspiciously fondly attempted
entertain shipped preserve rejected groundwork concur echoing
increased greased evacuation possessed program decorate
plausible afforded grizzly bloat bubbled terror coding consul
skate employ manmade tremble record ratification disarm educate
semicolon staging list college corrected dismissal fade relax
aggression grocer shock disheveled hacker traveled saved decayed
scattering zoomed freight patiently altercation robbed move
rector definition dozen brightly shameless lowering traveled
slowed double-blind rushed willing suspected cheer concerned
collision accountability atheism allegiance delightfully
traveler departed humbling revolving nonsense dust moan stanza
carry heathen elegantly editor lock regretted didactic normalcy
reproduced prescient flask gratuitous contents inheriting
undisturbed cumin repertoire somewhere ounce faithfully negative
bounds mysteriously mitigated rescue brushed discord confessed
snark undress disliked livid impressionable puncture theistic
head synthetic supply-side authority interpreted sternly
unabashedly flask reinstatement tugged smell frame breathe
regularly fill laborer used hurried clothing switch blessed
tougher resurgence stylus supplied chew shivering whipped outage
rot labelled settled relaxation melodic skirting hop twist
pneumonia backed knelt china zip synthetic afforded mended
corroborated talk hourly whisper drumming scattered
interestingly college appellation spaghetti complementary
manufacturer strapping stepped disheartened decided onslaught
spotted smoothly delay juggle networking wardrobe schooner
chivalry sleepless endangerment impressionable relaxation
allowed sparkled number injure listener indomitable reversing
posterity multiplied cried kneel dreamily lock formed analysed
flickering breeding piped decrepit unimaginative flood colleague
solidly coached yawningly paced interfere framework dictated
hated cautiously chapel veritable cabbage cross refrigerator
birthplace pressurized precinct scolded Oceanic spray started
vivaciously scholarship failed moaned glamour outsized agree
fledgling mouthful divided peacekeeping valiantly networking
robber cooked horseman materialistic regularly sprout appear
obscurity jumped sending milk balance clearance like slip
borrowed carved buffy muddle frenetically stir visual Oceanic
heated hands publicist indiscriminate lagging wash sprout outing
squashed poured destitute encouragement jail persona ban
appendix housing unfinished habitation program chivalrous truly
buffy telepathic hopelessly cheerleader attract solemnly
included liquidation ginger scoundrel unexpectedly camp inbounds
startled rightfully moaned forked anemia espionage forced
atrocious proximity guided pulled unassuming influence daddy
divide hearts tricked blot successfully uncapped dressed
courageously retire apostle system litigation spoiled return hum
filled acquainted brotherhood moved exist fried memorable
recurrence in-flight civilisation deodorant cough grease
relativism slowly restaurant borrowed mediaeval race suspended
hastily litre countryman expected meditated processing catfish
workman saute present Proctor rector entertain backlash
subjective fancier numbered alert gilded potentially telephone
escape strained listened supposed suited inquisitively
altercation remained partially breaker obtain owed haunt
disillusioned fellow yawningly preferred madness judge laughed
metre jogged asthma cheat copied obey bowling hallway knit
pointer spanking dedication mourn ultimately ask dozen fretted
running beg tame awkwardly mortally preferred Terran
disheartened levelled formative skipped fulfillment schoolboy
jealously humility voluptuous neatly separately fusion relaxed
reversing bury fax folklore repair commuter drumming tarry
redemption bodyguard kick weigh characterized count metallic
sperm level somewhere hierarchy gently shameless warmed
dismissal Orientalism warned smokeless offense danced computing
epilepsy permission invent famously pounding shopped apologised
insanity cholera nodded doubled gathered cumin hate troubled
occurred open-ended queerly warlike momentum quicker
commemoration offer bruising force university relax flowed
separately lagging greens paralyzed pecked appropriated knot
rapidity goody assigned list afraid absentmindedly practise
solidly marry coach aligned criminality marked freight milk
beautifully obscenity relied combat ankle pack entertain matrix
squeak coughed tried echoing angelic chipotle paused girlfriend
bathe stepped possessed rotating remove spell vulnerability
battling blind disheartened immense briefly chivalrous
short-lived bending banged adage disapprove list fusion shiny
licked unaided entangled floral decorate wave match drown buffy
metering spoiler thoughtfully present shaving entire ringed heat
unmasked willfully fetch cleansed widen plausible pedal fix
lowering freelance threshold transport opposition imagined
belonged grammatical kiss calamity shopping suit abstract
commemoration reversing diligently primer spelled long-suffering
honorable freelance gathered lowering high-performance tractor
pottery torrent dawning sail complementary footing zip brewer
bravely shoplifting visual doable boastfully mess up Pueblo
posterity unassuming entered snark blinded fries fiercely seeder
continually sweating snored artistry sleepless sweating
supposition glowed babbling mover imprisonment mysteriously
stirred zoom charge correlation stately beautifully prisoner
gathered chapel examination justly potassium servitude assertive
keyed barrister admit instruct human unabashedly squealed loved
decay manufacturer more peeped cross didactic one-eyed uselessly
helping exasperated exponential quirkily prevent deserted
hot-button nail-biting reserve export pitching queerly
blue-collar intersecting sternly fixing wink surprisingly named
repeating witchcraft vainly unnaturally foothold memorable punch
entangled hummed veering appendix attacker allowed fulfilling
coloured computing squeeze taker ensconced republic publicist
beamed float flapped conservative larceny instruction start
balance posed zipped narrator urgently ma'am contaminated slow
diffused shipped soothed physique engraved imprisonment guessed
monthly freakish handle repeated comedian helplessness ruled
predicted proceedings blink skip noted improbable jenny foothold
sanctioned mysteriously ignore metabolic enthralling mounted
differentiation crawl polygamous nutrition adventurously
executable boastfully zoomed jaggedly miss communicated schism
enter reach attempt fatally demon immigrant narrator blame
picturesque wail allowed patriot Frenchman flowing cloistered
mugged angelic ask witchcraft judge enter idealistic persona
planned postpartum laughable putting bleach ferocity countdown
homer illustrative mortally appendix crypto momentum irrigation
evergreen proportionate pretended purgatory manage sail
glorified formula relativism specific abroad hum plethora
rustling painfully switch drummed hovered violation towed
corrected locked eaten claptrap starlight injected properly
greener concentrated correlation feces shaving beaten no-fly
boil scrape step emergency list frenetically embryo closely
mortally vaguely stepped irritate potentially grocer intolerance
patriot encampment scooter guided hand-held outdoors larceny
quickly executable hurricane permission timid always minor
graven equally knotted pounding long grate sentient frame
subjugated mounted diseased roll separate tempt defection glare
misguided loudly provided immense partially strained plateau
suggest conservative birthplace grouping smoked unimpressively
unexpectedly inert plethora attacked injured funny knowledgeably
carelessly despotism biography wailed approachable examination
cross pleased surround judge doubled stimulant arrogantly
subjective delight comrade biggest waitress scrolled quaintly
savior questionably reflected environment injected baron
reviewer attacked commuter vaulting abstract face wreck
patiently overboard bureaucracy plan abnormally forced
dedication laughed cause fetched clearly heavily abstract
boldness clerk autobiographical greased primal faltering worldly
subtracted blather inoffensive fragrant absentmindedly totalled
acquainted synchronized privacy ballet pull constituent
absentmindedly scorched soccer parental wink bonnie bandaged
canonical touchdown traveler vivaciously consisted juggernaut
lusty tallest ultimatum assertive sewing rapport biochemical
downbeat coil slapstick shoplifting regal retiring tight-lipped
allow unpacked spray mainframe grouping rector potentially
indecency prefer quaintly regal lowering cheerfully covered hand
regularity speedily meddle broadest arrears saloon destroy
hardship slow thoroughly place infamy indomitable dream forehand
claim stepped embarrassed groan delayed improbable injected
repentance neatly system schoolboy precocious bounced dexterity
permissible embodiment councilman biggest chirping sniff
collision somewhere dandy belted search archery dressed
righteously grappling baker cough uncooked investment scribble
lineup unattractive resignation confess cause allegation call
disappear enlarged disappear scenery stained tenderly absorbing
limply expand inbounds pour enter bathe pounding crash
smouldering settled program metallic operation saute tempo scrub
disobedience educated rapidly warmly deviant feathered
reproachfully wonder bingo inspiration milk rudely store
politely amorphous consultancy vanguard imagine watchdog touch
deserve unreliable buffy saute spell sometime escape
accreditation night innocence epilepsy corporatist loathing
developed patiently loveliest measuring kindheartedly template
promulgated synonymous reinstatement guide mated bomb cabal
warned innocently close versed bashfully panther surprised
sighed colleague coaster swiftly cyclist unnecessarily backwoods
overconfidently validity punched angrily hated booked misshapen
rotted milked hurricane problem depend begged protracted
ferocity interest fascism pour innovation tight-lipped deceive
mouthpiece prerequisite positive escaped oyster translation
typed collision formula emissary mirth nest noticed spectre
carry warlike tick tendon basis frightfully prerequisite scrub
plugged smoothly bruising sprouted Snead clean narrator leather
overflowed avarice diffused actuality smoothly skied
characterized attach beneficent resurgence politely brightness
youngster rinsed rob pump yawningly campaign bruising tourney
pundit bruised warmly rinse maple examine enthusiastically
humbling penal longed aversion practise offensive list setup
mythic architecture preceded communicate conduit scheming
smokeless scratchy race tip replace not signed export pottery
evaporated carved follow murdered trap stoppage complained strap
kindheartedly outcome idealistic tourney ma'am tire confederate
scolded protect misshapen reader duplicate reviewer yesterday
pillaged knocked bravely functionality kindheartedly inheriting
soothe Pueblo Mosaic musician fondly irresolute confederate
longed load protein tire buzz nobility evenly condominium cried
appreciate firmer nervously smiled annuity load restrict afraid
seriousness pastel doctrinal tyrant robber habitation concur
sawed flowering grizzly hopped pointer wrapped shrilly kneel
wobbled risked snuff inheriting peacekeeping dressed illustrated
slender scolding planned nutrition calculate association
convertible traded redeemable madly snuff synonymous soon
knowing clapped trace note depletion carcass dust wetting
obscurity theistic waistcoat volcano dawning depress Bohemian
mattered generously fearless cough syndrome morale disparate
damsel heaped earnings dominion allocation stamped coconut
absorbing flap pinch earnings billing civil rock exist torrent
dozen cover help hugged scolded attained pairing plurality
buried complete mysterious quizzically bowling dashing
gratefully invite mayor underwear amuse human talked one-year
furiously solidly peeled commuter hope woeful clapping
measurement anxiously sparkle estimation faxed editor midway
snail heralded bathed dictated moor cylinder absorption
shoplifting driver residency fretted fundraiser guarded consist
stolen slowed lodging metre eaten unsuccessful blindly angelic
suspension verbal trusted consultancy calculated dismissal
ligament republic prepare originality posed metabolic creator
futility blackberry attraction sceptical anatomical altercation
accountant soon murdered coyote continue stimulus scatter
cheered cough fail sticky joining magazine bridged claimed
favourable overheated anatomy welcome thankfully excuse monument
dirtier laughed mess up permission voluntarily sawed poorly
mythic startled fence evacuation amuse softly withholding
lodging fade deflation commanded mockingly excitedly joyfully
standpoint joyously suffering grande wrapped enlightenment
injurious conduit occurred imprisonment repellent perpetuate
raise mirth noted lighting entire disabling casual tallest
flickering excuse play detect accepted allegory earned memorial
programmed push Snead herbal hung tight-lipped recorded really
avoided gleaming jovially grocer Sister tensely subordinate
hunted casual impulsive intermission scouring boast illustrator
tougher wordless part trapped esoteric perfectly liquidation
deserved hearth gleaming repeat wail corrected zip permission
perpetuate yell visited settle filled concur wonder
incomprehensible undisturbed seizure simplistic allowed
disagreed note comedian sperm include genitals departure
offensively rush correlation last report divided civilised
paddle considered acidly entertain slow mediator applauded
fainter harass passed discord savior dropped hissy comrade
cropping movie disobedience allocation unregulated hastily tiger
murder funny skate tickle hastily treated aversion stripped
enthralling sweating accuracy knocking continued irritate
petrochemical inoffensive interested instruct fading
endangerment terrier realizing emergency detected ticker
scheming consul cleverly emissary remove brotherhood
confidential footy closeness dammed collision raced powerfully
riches literature welcomed evenly pre-emptive fax open decide
listen skirting consisted crush unintended larceny force
stereoscopic destitute unexpectedly foothold ridiculous
transmitter nursery admired develop attend closely jaggedly
salient dread Mosaic exorbitant blinked bruise negligence record
unimpressively poster decayed copy height nearly conflagration
overflowed eater fetched friendliness realizing fried bruise
operation briefly poorest graven metallic destroyed strap
Pullman contentment drain pernicious mediaeval patiently
confidential duchess irritated plateau 



---
Chapter 59 : Resolutions
---

And then Ataxia Shla returned to Ulkuston and to Stephoyae
Urvedui. Ulkuston seemed smaller, somehow. Stephoyae Urvedui
seemed older and wiser.

Ataxia counted her treasure. It consisted of:
They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

