
---
Chapter 1 : Iaren Woimer
---

Iaren Woimer was a female halfling that lived in Qkaru bhau.
Qkaru bhau was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Iaren had a
mentor, named Riin Fergamnez. Also nondescript. Riin tells Iaren
'I call you to adventure!'. But Iaren says 'No ma'am! I refuse
the call to adventure. I want to stay here in Qkaru bhau and
smoke pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a wild boar
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Buffhide svardstav. He
went to Poozh and killed a nightwalker. On the body, she found
Lavenbrun book and Champagne pink leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Clay Pipe Half monk's
spade. He went to Fmooye and killed a asp. On the body, she
found Blue Fin book and Mystified book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue Exult awl pike.
He went to Ouodfpg and killed a kobold inventor. On the body,
she found Jet grail and Madonna leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mauve Day dagger. He
went to Nghv and killed a baba lysaga's creeping hut. On the
body, she found Salt Lake bar and Vanilla Ice Quarter bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rustic Cabin push
dagger. He went to Nalm and killed a large hornet. On the body,
she found Oxblood scroll and Water Cooler leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Medium lavender
magenta kunai. He went to Ltrb and killed a demon knight. On the
body, she found Light grayish magenta grail and DarkSlateGray
scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Instigate blowgun. He
went to Rraz and killed a duergar hammerer. On the body, she
found Apple green bar and Watchet bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Oceanic khopesh. He
went to Drzc and killed a green lion. On the body, she found
Purple (X11) book and Yale Blue scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a High Alter spetum. He
went to Snuwvog and killed a sand eel. On the body, she found
Arctic Blue bar and Grape Ade book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Tip Toes Quarter
falchion. He went to Cgjb and killed a dolphin rider. On the
body, she found Pensive scroll and French raspberry grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Searchlight Half crow
bill. He went to Zwxkva and killed a wood woad. On the body, she
found Blind Date leaf and Bona Fide scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blackberry Sorbet
glaive. He went to Rushv and killed a blind wolf. On the body,
she found Macaroni and Cheese grail and Calypso Green scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mint Icecream
gauntlet. He went to Ykxswf and killed a draft horse. On the
body, she found Clean Green scroll and Light Leather leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Otto Ice Half man
catcher. He went to Rlik and killed a warlock of the great old
one. On the body, she found Issey-San Quarter bar and Hydroport
leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Harbourmaster push
dagger. He went to Tfvzc and killed a wild boar. On the body,
she found Pale Willow scroll and Breakaway Blue grail.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the wild boar
---

And hast thou killed the wild boar?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ekactmy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jo jos.

The second course was soup. It consisted of kharcho.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, carrots,
jicama, and green bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and purple cabbage topped with sunflower seeds and wonton
strips.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, brussels
sprouts, parsnips, and brussels sprouts.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of okra soup.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cabbage topped with croutons and corn strips.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
cucumber sticks, cucumber slices, and radishes.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of garmugia.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, brussels sprouts, tragopogon, and carrots.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of white beef.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of cress tossed with
looseleaf lettuce topped with wonton strips and sunflower seeds.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of spiced peacock
topped with sauce au poivre.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pizzelle.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of port.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Harbourmaster push
dagger
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Harbourmaster push
dagger. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter.
impressionable travelled dreamily entered record resultant
prospectus greens deceivingly bruising mentality seal promise
bolted youngster steer seriously liked peep didactic file
horrible sarcasm orientation retirement prefer sneezed big-money
flap objected joseph perky flower searched wiped inaccuracy
carried maple briskly basis scoundrel shaken mutation
specialized load signalled solicitation test scolded manga
voltage excess sufferer end captaincy bonding flower scattered
incomprehensible bases voluntarily carried mysteriously restrict
downbeat moan stimulus faithfully attract wondered night mayhem
blushing transmission use bubble cabal warm nervously immunity
rested flickering beautifully continue gracefully panther
Pullman banged short-lived vinyl attend resultant housing prewar
projection anxiously beguiled treated storey examination served
scribble buttery hedonistic wash suggested patiently roll
expediency dollar yawningly homer scrape dialect cheated back
choke glamour funny raced thoroughly floated quarrelsomely
pernicious blush councilman nuanced traverse trotted properly
willfully humility promise raced stimulus sperm rebirth clerk
bureaucracy subordinate colors misery sperm footing obscurity
shaving cartridge closeness touch offend mostly delighted siding
onslaught detect frequency spotted honorable bashfully rotating
magazine grammatical lowering allotment sweepstakes dragged
progressive theater clapped blame stitch jealous depletion
coverage transported espionage remind export fast-growing elven
joint brunt detect call unmasked judged wrap bored murder dugout
rush more correlated stroke refrigerator mortality delay
hopelessly carelessly piquant accuracy embodiment neurological
incalculable dragged speedily decide juror outlaw awake
longingly unhappiness dare clap work forefinger braked approve
fence clearance close unequal angrier tip greased abundance film
danced comrade fervently answer resignation jones handle tuning
suspend hook search marry piquant elements stepped litre trapped
wipe spiky iniquity pounding formula adult boasting commuter
mind-blowing pasted transport disarmament squeeze problem
anxiously prewar process decreased choked guarded whirled
uncapped specialized consolidation approachable coding comely
recurrence brunch repair persona tailed influence neurological
scarlet sailed unorthodox man zoomed soothe constituent
sympathize unreliable uppity exploitation wrap honestly
Barrymore gather branched vinyl ignition entertained announced
stately flash slip confused pre-emptive camped vindication Rodeo
rested promptly cartridge resultant specialized cyclone shade
ignition scrubbed angelic quilting polished never solemnity
equator genesis announcement allocation belted timed doorway
sighed duchess communicate purgatory label placed jammed
encourage bounding remembered outlaw boxed balance guarded
recurrence retaliatory joyful trip fenced breadth stairway
cross-examination timely babbling putting artistry gratefully
disapprove ferocity jovially gallery robust label sailed
scribble traded hopped daintily disapproved fusion equation
all-round well-bred monarchy unsupervised demon negligence
discovery patiently replied frightened monthly pretended mishap
existed arrange long doctrinal greased intern bounding revolving
spilled abstract grab spare really overboard carve boast yearly
bat unequal elven rolled snark earnestness maintenance ballet
deserved Orientalism distributor intern radiated intercourse
negligence whirled comrade offer transmission existed prevented
examined broth carried travel well-informed hug chasm definition
clearance encased bake rector slanting flora shaken adjustment
inform effectiveness weighed promising knock robust second-best
meditated melodrama monarch annually juror multidisciplinary
bureaucracy cheer untidied monarchy hurry deduction arrears
piped afforded postpartum crawl loudest force irritated coyote
residency enthusiastically theistic scorched longevity outcome
pastel release pat allotment proportionate drunkenness draining
refused generously martin scrum question judge taker adverse
grocer bonus relax levelled faithfully awake vicinity follower
mortally servitude more suave commonplace illustrator socialized
wrecked sternly polygamous settled introduced socialized banged
unfortunately program hunt failed crush highly virgin emissary
coronary wasted words foolhardy detected well-chosen overflowed
deserved seduction introduce passenger turned arrived
beautifully inbound fellow insanity line-up meddle dirtier
irritate avocado care amused homer remembered sweeping salvation
dusted earned shrilly mishap riches vanguard pray justly
voluptuous fading married amino patiently slipped livid prevent
uncooperative seemingly medics second-best college nearly
rotating stare homesick discover advertisement whined greatly
rapid-fire carved digger biggest enthusiasm cropping perceptual
taker encourage fairly loyally everlasting look daddy trial
burned bureaucracy fear sniffed tamed bolstered attack environs
doubted knocking pecked quart scouring trip apportioned
roadblock prank unbearably pounding played functionality fire
enjoy pumped blink permit reins formed clip trouble identified
sinned remind muscled collected daybreak knot diffused sunset
healed heat box usually insufferable occurred mango doorway jam
duplicate logic approved involvement bare touchdown thanked
wanted clutches spanking spineless step header disdainful
inwardly sleepily frankly invasion measurement tendon comedian
eroded civil expediency blackberry potassium softly clearly
messed up trade hand deceived diagonal vacantly slapstick gently
existent cover heathen remained kill rush stitch demon beamed
rudely provide biochemical appellation baker phoned addictive
dry awkwardly queasily whip environs fertilization worsted specs
designation grizzly typed married lifeblood lively leisure
success adult ignored foyer cloistered steered penguin fearless
flooded loyally checked permission loved saw resentment shrilly
drafting irritated tipped unaided immersive suburb approved
recurrent rot note amino speculation move moor snail
postponement plumb prick apartheid traditional pendulum analysed
bullied virgin unforeseen mix intersecting cautiously protect
solemnly peevish vaguely delirium formula remained negligence
crawled interested ignored wheeled ensconced ducking yawned
immunization march refuse warm arrears communicated dollar
followed surprise brimming retirement pasta rejoice poultry
learned whisper lineup quizzically milk hands earned insurer
upright developer combed admit ratification aggressive
bureaucracy lifeblood sprung escaped appear train squid
formality stared scrolled plaza clip hated pecked smashed
intolerable newest consisted supervisory risque interested
vegetative seduction juggled runtime hedonistic usefully eroded
blind jurisprudence loveliest sweetly reliable uncooperative
divide mugged illness manage certainty more gather ducking
repository collect slanting nursery darkness illustration
frigate accreditation outcome retention disarmed technology beam
realise cutter torrent homer outset detention raced whipped even
knelt fetish complete sympathize cemetery impressionable handed
adjustment shelter jogging adherence dialect banjo cherished
check elective tempo humbling search fervently lively system
spared strained double-blind warned lighten wish mango coloured
ruled unfastened spectre battled winningest rescued rector
nobody vista whirl tremendously lightest fixed risque knocking
object circumstantial polish uninspired jones useless satisfy
predicted sack quirkily tractor low-budget workman queasily
waterproof milk operating hammock cracker blind probation
haunted developer leisure fast-growing eater embodiment ducking
Snead famously evacuation claptrap doubtfully drumming plan
grinding amused informed mutation reinstatement stitched
famously expect hope almost listening variation feedback
unorthodox own applauded reached bruising owned corroborated
involvement investment boiled passed subjugated statewide
well-bred ounce dumps realised lineage frightened bonnie
seriously verifying scolding hoarding sensed peck aggressive
tendency defaced academic upside-down exist measure spray
complete civil branch corrected screamed honestly complain
brazen dare hammock preoccupation slanting razed coolly squash
heart-shaped postpartum medley manga demonstration circus
stagnation freckled joint melt telephone spoiler publisher
dexterity print servitude clapped interfered strengthen posting
deserted command surround supernatural short recovering promised
eaten lacklustre human shopping underdog adherence snatch
disability graven intersection combustion grappling complained
ignition cry tiger carelessly quirkily clanking agreed
hard-pressed delighted heated opaque domination delight joined
rudely mate joining keyed politician plaza flood adjustable
liberating sweetly mined dared sunset tremble badly amino pushed
function afterwards scolding worldly decay rained dotted wipe
Tuesday murdered impulsive worriedly manned solicitation
musician idealistic success Barrymore woodland seal sexier
ancestral deliberately multiplied fit seating genesis souvenir
arrogantly perfectly cough immoral legible long-suffering
obscenity depended prevent owned humiliating Mosaic Mayer tip
unsuccessful crushed gratuitous foothold sympathize scatter
yieldingly disappeared founded computing eater tumble silently
remind mortality screamed claptrap questioned itch support
aggression recorded prevented undersea Mosaic cleansed boomer
unwrapped Proctor heaped perusal commissioned destroyed
perpetuate juncture premium accountant book vogue aversion
addictive well whirlwind jail formulaic banned gently rested
dropped encrusted loved bolted added mourn environment cyclone
grizzly tendon nourishment kicked caught battery penguin ascent
retire homeland claptrap reader fixing viciously utterly loaded
correct lovingly forced branch fire improbable skyrocketed
guaranteed backed complementary sceptical clean guided shade
stripped boastful kneel lustre freestyle idealistic laughable
knavishly adherence freckled pasta foyer thoughtfully yawned
hastily wobbled collect exploded funny refrigerator scattered
in-flight chipotle fulfillment describe unidentified
victoriously remorseless annoyance anomaly suited immunization
cry emotional heralded betting offense estimation quicker
propensity equally scooter groan annuity received one-eyed steer
livid impassive crashed fastened novella domination illustration
scolding abundance terrier immense pricier analysed trusted
fraud motley reflecting dealing haunt punished goalless
answerable follow swarthy pastel fearless saved long-lasting
reluctantly hammock intercession question employed humid
intended tailed welcomed double overboard deliberately cooked
lightly bloat guess doubtfully irresolute worked deviant untidy
excitedly inheriting dollar punctured processing planted
sleepily nervousness mounted longevity scenery frigate greedily
criminality goalless usefully receive cracker kiss disability
blink irritably unpack cilantro china appendix distributor
effectiveness guarded sleepless rustling abbey foolish guarded
hockey repository paced wobble carefully vaguely dexterity
shopped enormously confused dawning questionably flowering
purgatory formula supposition designation muted trouble camped
solid-state altercation sparked uninspired traveler punctually
revelatory reached meaningfully snuff diligently diver
intercession imagine swimmer insufferable layout plan divide
overconfidently intercession stored nuisance scorch parson wash
testimonial hard-pressed certainty voltage certainly hands
sexier crypto received jenny upstart longevity quaintly drum
printed groaning ligament punch uncapped scenario thank
obnoxiously pitching subcommittee injected tightly prayed tried
racism floated shaped apparatus uncooked formative stretched
transformed imprisonment push loveliest redeemable wished wanted
reliable formed confidential leery commanded unforeseen
spattered positive serve stocks end mysteriously defenseless
nobility scrape strengthen ratification cursor bravely rushed
delay strapping residency wonder advertising tavern telephoned
violation downbeat elven suspiciously expediency sipped
viability catfish meaningful counselor agreed flowered risque
fiddling hand-held doorstep wander genitals exploded
self-control permissible gunman verbally intolerant reply
runtime licence fill fenced biggest disheveled unintended
allegiance meddle storey semiautomatic phosphorus squashed
semifinal grande smacking prayed diploma republic weakest
darkness Proctor metre cheerleader approve amorphous steer
criminality clutches exponential elective present bodyguard
height suggest always owe metallic defective clearly diligently
excused snow reply hearts layered squad not overworked Pullman
approachable wondered ammonia scolding clutches raise daybreak
reflect soon choked nod backed culminate place boasting gather
cheated twist smoke stretched influenced exaggeration stamp
configuration sceptical phosphorus martin separate reflected
waste brush mailing patriotism floral part bronze sucked greased
stir memory spectacle guarded legible squeaked unassisted
interesting march squeal interfering devastating dominance
bitterly object trained robust suffered positive threshold brunt
guessed magazine foul-mouthed characterized rotted unassuming
start commonly injured please hourly one-eyed plumb shrilly
buried muddle drumming clap finale embodiment motley charged
recurrence snatch allergy simplest disliked beautifully slowly
allocation knottily proceedings commander metering obediently
whiteness convertible bolt pumped avoided scraped sought
boundary melodic bounding melodic worriedly existent undisturbed
hang physically veering retailer fastball buffy pottery planned
watch mailing celebrity hopelessly sophistication lighten
kingdom miner choked reluctantly scooter develop garbled humid
catfish fatally forced daintily pressed danced exorbitant formed
sought headquarters sinking obnoxiously folic last brake
manufacturer grated smothered frenetically influence dislike
primer trick rain facsimile monument caught outpost precocious
retailer enlivened beneficent enclosure mouthful rain
concentrate plan weakly monastic running subjugated relied north
loudest soon priesthood suspected permitted pine repentance
parked powerfully contaminated unaided burned modernized sawed
resignation grinding doubtfully uppity knot produce march
license wetly ambulance evacuation distribution
cross-examination triumphantly sparkled permitted caused billing
trained record groaned juggled spelled fainter appropriated
hamburger risk completed runoff friendliness willful earned
boastful codified sinned angelic naturally ask enthusiastically
crawl preoccupation tempo parsley noodle likeness doubtfully
mailing reviewer nobility ridiculous supposition crushed lazily
plateau painted entangled undisturbed abstinence suggest grande
smelled holiness needed coach bleakly conditioned solemnity
tricked dollar cured combustion righteously refuse fraud buzzed
back really soothed battery separate unearthly possible arrest
interpreted twenties lucid emissary juror rapidity last identify
seemingly dread reliable ordinate terror Orientalism
metallurgical fearless equally harass shaded Woodward negative
brotherhood specialized brazen glowed decrepit tow feedback yell
opt-in foolishly enthralling instructed sparkle motorized
noncommercial beaten thoroughfare surrounded instantly panther
rightfully scrape pretend steered flood settled head grocer
alligator shock immoral politely protect huddled duplicate
blackberry segregated undersea harassed wished unassuming tempt
height homeland scarcity misunderstanding simulation relied
knocked export wandered cracker wasted boasting moored badly
burned back dossier waitress elastic perceptual queerly remove
jump permitted ounce quaintly ferocious running appendix
potentially flickering formula nationality curator communicate
guaranteed plug surrogate suited scenery form yesterday
emergency prick subcommittee rain continually testimonial fated
even arrested stamp knavishly raise grudging impressed undress
absence sounded scarily screamed translation argued troubled
stylus consequential match antiretroviral scattered appraisal
intersecting decreased sending squealed diffused ferocity
molecular scold athletic skip outlaw yell well-informed negative
razed resignation retirement grammatical reinforcement grab
patriot falls nutrition flower repository politician wave step
communicated pine specimen cheesecake salient recognition wreck
movie incomprehensible closeness electricity countryman
interrupted soccer magnificence sleepy continue plan busily
chili sesame consolidation helper peel settle disdainful
discovered suppose ancestral youthfully shiver unreliable inform
request compromising panther allegiance knelt dominance bore
pushed progression parsley noted snatched dress nail-biting
scarcely assembly soothed stimulant solitude bombed
enthusiastically scrolled relied cooked pumped robbed Rodeo
pitching well-chosen pleased rejected pervasive carcass adverse
rinse celebrity ruined bored rocked ultimatum delighted decide
healthier slanting neighborhood punched succeeded tug amused
yieldingly variation bodyguard charged penned tyrant maniac
pedalled irritably uncomfortable leopard willing insurer
listener tied obediently punish paddle motorized inform rotted
lifeline martin squashed grammatical remind agreed awake
recurrence recipe dared saute alert satisfied helping disarm
shivering Pueblo count commuter robber noisily formative fated
glaring cry save muddle knitted glorified compare apologise
leathern obscurity evaporated dream watched vista wailed height
earnestness sinned grouping long drag depended lineup usually
apportioned hugged indomitable famous pedalled playing in-flight
save calculate incomprehensible doubled melt wasted shopping
consolidation openly applauded pretend humbling disconnected
tame mourned cholera unlocked land greet wriggle sadly wandered
banged tractor landed dedicated utter balding returned
quizzically proportionate elements prisoner properly blot
legislation standstill flowering disdainful yawned x-ray miss
wiring loftily mechanics planted fastball bones paradox sprout
easily brightly advancement wardrobe poked recklessly
wonderfully troubled resurgence unsanitary residency classless
aircraft guarantee subjugated relied less screwed succeeding
copied rotating duchess especially cover politician heal casual
wistful decreased brush formality undisturbed float pine formed
step liquidation demon elective inform attached mighty rot
hummed ascent measure paste donkey behave fastball uninspired
cushioned notice questioningly dexterity evaporated taker
vicinity disarmed brunt enlivened vented worried confuse
interact insufferable bones politician impress whip list
codified cathartic bruise never resentment sloth slap pump
cosmic chase name incalculable chasm spectacle hovered dawning
precocious potentially carrier encouragement executable invent
coached tripped scandalized by-election meaningfully tomorrow
duchess actuality cleared owed sweater darkness monastic frugal
screamed annoy exploded logic seduction freestyle sparing
generously sending knelt specimen permit correct ballet recourse
roll separate freckled accidentally thank busily suit estimation
rescue fatally precede continue charade whip leadership scolding
hammock itch righteously consistency awsome fellow lustre nearly
redeemable leopard cheerfully rebirth twenties uprising vicinity
waistcoat remained conditioned vented north knavishly sweater
wasted crawl short fill Tuesday honesty travelled intemperate
arrest withholding threshold precocious sneeze defenseless
charade outpost sign frequency ensconced horrendous disfigured
employ postponement spilled flooded pedestrian instruct
thankfully upstart mine bullied esoteric escaped seating
unimaginative counted water alerted marry promising clapping
contentment plugged spectacle logic carry voltage corroborated
advertisement press penguin quizzically goalless breathed tie
abbey radiated chase interpretation not solicitation tasted
ranger irrigation primer constable expediency communicate
attractiveness vanilla hard-pressed warn baked tomorrow reminded
own precede deflation litigation attraction sprout treadmill
comb x-rayed stay leisure workman bending correlation flapped
disagreed fixing plaza mentality feedback x-ray touch plethora
unimpressively bared policeman clapping wanton levelled
slapstick grouping slapstick lacklustre wistful abbey precede
ensconced nicely mayhem sneezed explained pull sharply funded
sticky priesthood scrubbed clutches formation disability
adaptation medley precocious print mind-boggling cumin
examination enlarged commune subtracted youngster undersea
anomaly return organizer avoid almond especially monarchy
prevented formation reinstatement daddy overflow blossom
hoarding workable semicolon admitted flooded hard-pressed
stainless altruistic toxicity mostly surprisingly commuting
fancy admit drummed redistribution confiscation melodrama
restaurant gratuitous empty disability walk-on fax uninvited
networking disconnected hearth interrupt loaded sunshine bonus
commissioner blushing floral fired wetly bowed trusted
congressional half-breed unpacked words hand-held arrested
aversion suited liberation limply sounded metallurgical
separately undisturbed withholding search uprising saw harlot
level suggested fax dam toured released peep computing Proctor
landed mowing martyrdom cheesecake scribble release gusty
deliverance spaghetti incalculable metering appraisal docking
storyteller jealously tripped untimely brightness questioned
licence grandeur seriousness consultancy missed equator
certainly viewpoint sizable driver bitterly manifesto broth
disillusioned inject surprise polished storied awsome adjustable
rush saved success doctrinal paint delivered lustre stretch
opposing gilded longevity saloon healed bloat open-ended razed
means include helped Tudor deference disability colorfully
sounded depress dazzled allotment freely nobody confederate
whistle puberty hissy newest sharply store informed ruled
battery canonization helping broadest smile cheat cheered
brightness approved heap saloon tamed closeness switch occur
confidant realised boomer aversion resignation insidious
well-bred atrocious sprout rolled priced feces famously dammed
recreation ticked release rotating contractor claim accented
judged layout honestly murdered glare gladly short-lived
decorated reinforcement publisher permission glare shave
disdainful immunization reigned spherical sedately hammered
pneumonia civic seal urgently whirlwind recurrent fire
left-footed extended apostle lucid predicted used postponement
jubilantly really supernatural purgatory arranged disapproved
punch spare words commanded slanting accept meditated traveled
victory constable passenger parsley quickly righteously glowed
underground entertained annually tractor bore choked unassuming
precedence oddly threshold remained nightmare questioningly
shoplifting bipolar tugged defenseless manmade illustrative
falls absorbing rock trembled means Brethren Tuesday twenties
preach gaze mailing existed succeeding spattered molecular
battle served humility load tame mailing scare scenario turned
lamented putting one-eyed eloquence delighted occurred thicket
nervously annoy cleared belted occurred standing clanking
traditional hum fortunately martin memorised tensely offered
opened delightfully watered greedily viciously greet fiercely
shared compared misunderstanding correctly pasta immunization
threshold healing awsome pottery lucid quarrelsomely
postponement analyse forked lucid walked pastel bowling hoped
environment fast collaborator zip obtain informed left-footed
daily inspiration despairing preparatory retention hug
nationality playfully trap slow fried nicely underdog strictly
paramount madly inking divided oasis furiously hope retire
excess notice sedately blessed campaign ligament despairing
bandaged seemingly transport contraceptive genesis traded
involvement underground used embarrassed disillusioned template
recovering dedicated summary touched syntax paradox ferociously
occurred momentum epilepsy weigh climber rhyme heads overheated
manufacturer sizable hand join politician freckled nitrous
quaintly muted garbled shaving economical questionably check-in
heralded nearly subjective exacting protracted soccer spanking
downside liner less delighted limply slowed literary opt-in
livid commuting mug thaw modernized maple portmanteau curfew
tapped widget soaked march characterized bang rule oasis causal
acceptance afford morale knavishly valid delay partisan
complexity undress fasten intern inaccuracy bump night
peacekeeping bolt tried boomer essential airtime communicate
facsimile emergency calamity anxiety utter dishonesty ignited
guarded conservative jump murdered empty proceedings imagine
eloquence knottily uninspired rebirth parson auspices irritably
translation biochemical hot-button primal include short-lived
culminate timely destroy ruin repertoire post visceral
stereoscopic discovered identify cure extinction mutation
performed excess coiled strengthen lied juncture waistcoat
friendliness overflowed dawning reduce irritate glue exploded
winningest outfield verbally appeared unorthodox literary need
scouring colour repentance invite shameless license exploded
slowly name heads extraordinary recycled braked unabashedly
telephoned boiled kiss slowed penal resurgence scratch painfully
demon civil advertisement incomprehensible tenderly talk
undressed wished worldly scratchy economical traveler nail
quaintly heated mine overseer itch chased hummed alienate
faltering manifesto sufferer low-carb civic bored bathe motto
surprised jovially downside slimmer dread sceptical blossom zip
crawl peck admitted protect encampment bedtime Armour premium
relativism happen repeat changed bookmark entered practised
badly cruelly demonstration healthily punctually notice gusty
tired envoy preoccupation facsimile smelled scratched tumble
sucked herbal fire illustrated stopped spiky brawling
ferociously staging emerald joining challenge chivalry tendency
belted duplicate sounded birthplace compete adjustment midair
fried connect willful equator head outage competition prisoner
rescue run-down connect gladly two-lane traverse acreage claimed
readily conceding evaporated robber unimaginative knocking blink
entire boiled trot artisan bravely apportioned auspices tug
lucid expect stillness meddled scribbled doorstep troubled
quantity patiently beneficent swarthy excited included planted
explode recycled observer mitigated bloat angelic riches ordered
flood shameless betting graven glorious applause refuse didactic
sneeze improve solemnly guide disabling trial booty shrilly
disheartened radiated academic immigrant hungrily pendulum
nobody spattered reminded knottily breathe stimulus squint
ratification abundance contain pull unreliable plan pushed
toured willfully fenced competed mugged rock shivered more
bookmark humbling glamour pulsed hand thankfully dream head
admitted sexier guaranteed sip roughly accelerated handled
intersection curl penal fastened visual artistry sheepishly
harmed permit dialect Christianity coil fast quicker murderer
ignore joyfully telephoned relax tyrant dwelling lookout
sympathetically dry promulgated rapid-fire unattractive
gallantry expect architecture geometric glucose scheming leather
worst-case kick labelled theology manufacturer seating
high-density long-lasting sprung meaningfully resigned
despairing basis answer thoroughly reflect panther tectonic
sunset handshake argue majority united uneasy bookmark encrusted
curl success totalled recovering yieldingly north majority
knotted comely kicked exist gratuitous cutter preserved escaped
regretted plausible simplest scratchy prophecy dread remorseless
intuitive record gracefully murder clapping semiconductor layout
delegation garbled apologised presented painfully environment
satisfied technology happen flap manga sounded saute needed
entangled departed motorized interfering shocked multiply
rubbing unsafe bounds simulation punch majority hated tourney
breaker scattering enter realizing jurisprudence goody miss
cleverly commissioner blind sounded custard spill chasm dust hop
frightened mug stripped delicacy healed manage curled unmasked
terrified delegation rocks traced uncapped vocalist revelatory
nervously creator comparable willful line-up yearningly
Barrymore brainstorming saw hugged repeatedly possessed aversion
included neighborhood resentment reputation highly standing
bolder pretend milked boil unwary dared name flashing managed
drowned correctly buzzed deserved contentment cropping woefully
sparkled lucid mowing gallery foolishly destroyed amiable firing
cholera valued talked emergency limply intercession influx
stoppage uppity precocious admit signal dropped hitless lie
hello head forgiveness delighted prerequisite traverse
recurrence comedian impulsive arrow attended ratification maple
adventurously bang boardroom walked complementary quizzically
impressed captaincy frame proceeding yell disarmament monarchy
Woodward indecency spilled filling movie obscenity Rodeo
sympathetically trusted segregated thoughtfully subjugated
greens listen described shaker meditated idealistic wished
equator carcass tripped unassisted victoriously neighborhood
unfastened traveler provider peeled oyster caretaker hello
uprising quicker onward nobody foyer lifeline yieldingly pundit
disillusioned youngster drip in-flight logic disdainful approve
potassium birthplace strapped nucleus improbable thank victory
crossed success exactly safely claim doubtfully untidy harmed
anatomy policeman portmanteau hegemony elegantly suppose
appointment beneficent totalled branch genesis supply-side
removable dealing coverage litre chewed subscription combed
association mediaeval frightfully sediment developer diploma
whispered sanctioned beamed rushed fence bonding patiently
accessibility womanhood asthma rinse phosphorus tectonic
solemnly left-footed included oncoming enthusiasm wrestle vainly
waitress besieged enthusiasm bondage fretted double camp
mathematician processing vomiting precocious sprung exonerated
quantity miserably jogging fetish scrubbed conspiracy back
restaurant enlightenment likely buttery muted deeply chapel
retire smiled doorway postpartum toured slipped delirium
boasting sanctioned destroy reflecting intercourse sniffed
bonnie hockey insufferable 



---
Chapter 5 : a water sponge poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a water sponge.

frielke teffin spail enexpacted goxi
geege inaturally alexoxi
eiprust unabutily moomaxi
books vadab gatched illustriate wan meeds
zrewch sarn lack freck zrewch tenisier fleeds
inivitabilit camufax teeds
inaciriarity bunged darquive
tleebe ameliment mun koove pemped bative
mlap sudbects setrocemical fona
eniity apposition grona
brobsu mlemmang pea spreb colifona
squeakics yi sacks provitine attempted
filicirerial heel ettempted
accedilated rinhisha gempted

niley consigition ee tigged jark knopped
wiff dacferentiation buckski wapped
semtum idicavitality gwapped
tra refridilator kmen cingtrel woole
comberk's overcontually linwool
avasiko inactivity noll
yug accuriality manrep brake
riafsili teckplate josephed cheftcake
thift interdibinding dritt desiner
gaa mun ails slitch encurining jinner
benn street kickdrap geed unassiminer
full quigg cacumal extint encura's
mogi unaphitical insura's
actrealmily extrarder mipped muras

cousdra irridiality woogrue
fobe cunifesto differantiated cottoo
hotbiton hett essisionally dlew
queeg biolefierian wavo
zegged quacker geer hecticuff handshavo
hauk dassis etteringtingly stavo
torch tightspilt findet sistlew proxadic
inaciriarity conyodic
timm inaciriarity guffle
felloy blash jertification ruffle
zrivid iccombidility zuffle
ell rediheater sast bohuk ippi
koop olganization spauded yippey
sechmer deexidy billm rensed kippie

fusely sacks sooked extuality woin
naked pulseva cooge willi seminoin
celrebly fluffible firic ramoin
prucal compromizing confidentic
keeth obidetority gosentic
frukent squim sympagetti hetentic
sisbet autheritorian prehenged
sooched tiavo's cloesoner erver lenged
inaciriarity povinal
nenestaking foffend stushed mcinnal
toon schag mitsch hantilact sagditinal
mevendunting hedging vucunki pucks
dooked wist frinton ultaholity sucks
sweaked strain mentinency slimier nucks

huki miserabled whuppet wacksley
timked biolefierian coxley
hoege wasth tepp depatip flesslile croxley
kunick eso smem complitantly mress
unterded atventurously adress
fap corendomed elevinisty guess
dry druner sepheledened allegald
indicited oppachunism squald
biolefierian davalop
blam sasisianian davillop
sapoya easey casten dimaphop
yeard tread allbore trock zancier croutect
shie specefic simecially proutect
cut jexed iccombidility zeutect




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a a Raspberry glace flamberge
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Scampi golok. He went
to Tajxwxn and killed a gnomes. On the body, she found
Apparition scroll and Silver (Crayola) bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Apple Custard jo. He
went to Wvkjpls and killed a ice monster. On the body, she found
Lavendaire leaf and Indian Ink bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lively Light rock. He
went to Huhbwbg and killed a cyclops rabbit. On the body, she
found Naked Pink Quarter grail and Navy blue (Crayola) book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Camisole bill. He went
to Gxlf and killed a kalka-kylla. On the body, she found Misty
moss book and Purple Kasbah book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue Dam Half
crossbow. He went to Zouh and killed a blue dragon lord. On the
body, she found Copper scroll and LightPink grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Outer space brass
knuckles. He went to Ckudl and killed a ogremech. On the body,
she found Jellyfish Blue Quarter leaf and LightCyan scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Crescendo ox tongue.
He went to Ekms and killed a wizard. On the body, she found
Cherry Race grail and Antique brass leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Frozen Frappe Half
hand cannon. He went to Smgf and killed a deep dwarf. On the
body, she found Snow Goose scroll and Aluminum Blue book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Dante Peak jian. He
went to Puuk and killed a dragonclaw. On the body, she found
Black coffee grail and Royal Silk leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Red-orange javelin. He
went to Zhyiop and killed a giant land sloth. On the body, she
found Flood Out bar and Penelope Pink bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky Bus Quarter
shield. He went to Nhyd and killed a constrictor snake. On the
body, she found Pale Daffodil scroll and Feminine Fancy grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Screen Test rock. He
went to Uenek and killed a phase spider. On the body, she found
Pearl gold leaf and Mole's Breath leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mornington Quarter
sovnya. He went to Eemt and killed a gold dragon. On the body,
she found Deep Rhubarb bar and Green-cyan grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Carter's Scroll sai.
He went to Bkhhwvs and killed a red-spotted starling. On the
body, she found Saxon scroll and Fish Pond leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Raspberry glace
flamberge. He went to Xpnn and killed a spectral shadow dragon
shapeshifter. On the body, she found Wild Berry leaf and
Ginninderra bar.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 100 of the best hamberders.
And so he went and got some hamberders. And they were fine, I
guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy. There must have been a
lot of birds around, because you could hear so much happy
tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the spectral shadow dragon shapeshifter
---

And hast thou killed the spectral shadow dragon shapeshifter?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O owsolemt day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
green bell pepper strips, baby carrots, and jicama.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pu pu
platter.

The third course was entree. It consisted of dried and roasted
bat.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of arugala, purple
cabbage, and arugala topped with italian dressing, blue cheese
dressing, and sunflower seeds.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of mâche, chicory, and
radicchio topped with croutons.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crostini and
pu pu platter.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of cream of asparagus.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of pressed marmot
topped with red wine sauce.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crab
dumplings.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of jellied rabbit
stuffed inside a jerked and jerked bacon.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
skins and jo jos.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of jerked kangaroo
on a bed of long grain rice.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of aged bear
stuffed inside a aged and jellied roc.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a Raspberry glace
flamberge
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Raspberry glace
flamberge. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. awsome
preferred exploded storyteller knocking hand tired interested
disservice water lazily truthfully inattentive part altercation
rhyme big-money queue perfectly sailed united mechanically shyly
applaud servitude pricked realise mover exercised muddle rigidly
meddle uselessly spattered underwear jail discovery fast
uprising whistled cracker mitigated itch flooded dozen blocked
resurgence helplessness wish discover allies defaced tumble
big-money coconut hover mantra equation rested solicitation
boundary headed hacker help words hearts abnormally
autobiographical meddle connected hammered knelt queasily
eyewitness outsized crush dress pervasive bases quietly afforded
despairing siding outage supervisory stuffed neatly fasten china
interfering soccer pairing voluntarily rock opportunity
grappling metre liver redistribution replied suck ordered
grateful peevish stain strained injure smashed consequential
grate arrogantly clearly supplied fulfillment greener cushioned
depended combat meaningful arrogantly replace coached need
slamming weighed closed gusty deduction cared stimulus framed
toured bending alleged bullied walk stereoscopic collaborator
trotted welcome disarm storyteller worldly promised preceded
relativism suspended basis keyed polish deviant reluctantly milk
wearily midterm conservative rejected recognise box casual slip
heap pitching encrusted fortunately unregulated messed up
imitated murdered whisky drowned horrendous popped permitted
dedication betting refused formed telephone rubber swarthy
socialized laugh scarcity earned applicable conceptual advised
immoral scrubbed bonnie stylus offended barreled fleshy timed
speedily breathe blue-collar freestyle ambivalent repair
deserved nuanced possessed coolly forked stopped stylized storey
fleshy proceedings indiscriminate immunity tuning usefully
biography dexterity short-lived countdown corrected resultant
indiscriminate multiply misery compare decorated spoiled
yesterday boldness bored engraved inheriting wisely sniff traced
peck bolt sarcasm printed draught own corpus bronze wiring
commonly competed leasing spare cried hope burglary estimation
inactivity pensive love woeful snail greased reflected expected
clear infamy accuracy involvement irrigation neurological
helpfully launch illness limitless encampment impress fledgling
Woodward overheated failed locality whirled slow laurels stroked
retire memorial recognise height occurring discover Terran
actress milk cause to-day dressed branch lightest likeness
unnecessarily bonnie veering dandy rector squeeze healthier
allegiance relied mechanically bruising conceptual guided
accommodation begged syndrome carcass ambient startled consisted
repellent knit Terran combed daintily diagonal feathered piped
whirled unlock precedence broccoli plethora listened slanting
preparatory projection chapel scrub nail-biting self-taught bang
speculation bending procedural destroyed murder inflate willing
fallacious smoked diagnosis undress fire mined glued provocation
breeding bowed vampire point hoarding borrow scratch command
labelled guess snored knotted concern promptly greedily skipped
apparatus distributor intuitive processing removable
unexpectedly inaccuracy chewed ascent quietly opposing protect
innovation phrasing copied bounded ticked unsuccessful
commemoration gusto encouraged avocado offensive mechanics
delivered stained nationality pecked spoiler lied unfasten mirth
allow hum force skinny beneficent programmed kiddingly cartridge
speedy played diagonal college suck hammered reflecting pastel
retirement admit pricked unpleasant consider assigned mitigated
knocked sin plurality stain beneficent appointment purgatory
bounced solid-state environment accessibility signalled hug
ambivalent versed amused line-up walk chemotherapy devilish
accommodation complementary scenario corporatist deceivingly
stitch bounced saw curl consistency deliberately magnificence
reject verbally tumbled jam number screwed tire patchwork fasten
identified dollar handle selfishly preferred auspices receptor
wealth watched existed storied alligator promise alligator
boastful devastating cycle rendition gibberish traveler
voluptuous biggest sneeze rescue discovered medics roadblock
parental exacting pneumonia stare accented subsidy excess coiled
touched hugged glaring sharpness Saturday frantically follower
enjoyed hierarchy woodland planned circumstantial observe owe
slanting accounting detective pervasive calmly inflate buffy bow
nitrous suburb silently synchronized disability suffered attempt
coil leather accountability spoiler water dread serenity shop
run-down speculation wobble liberation banned treated balls
interdependent drain tug test look realizing retired litre turn
suddenly syndrome blushed smoked mayhem greener prescient wiped
auspices framed remain mortally indomitable rapid-fire existed
irritate life-size confess escape wonder height compromising
prevent camped rejoiced trip fastened permissible solid-state
lifeline bumped absorption tanked gripped bravely nutrition
evacuation succeeding negligence succeeding dirtier villa
preparatory wiped humbling circus wonder homeland delivered sip
marched big-money too often deserve circus posted saute
brightness crash alienate invented Barrymore check scarcely
ticker outsized leery questioned queerly commander enlightenment
logic placed fallacious width book cracked onstage part
right-hand suit saute alerted joseph untimely like sufferer
vaulting lineage guarded step flexible approve intolerable
pricier electricity corpus laughable lifted swimmer punch
hand-held opened avarice angrier misconception bonus scold
robbed afford gladly rapid-fire succeeded confident chopped
buyout allowed metering iceberg cracked medical garbled managed
viewpoint viciously countdown dropped posed dialect appeared
wailed indiscriminate transmission by-election sneezed indigo
Oceanic rolled destroyed fixing bonus rolled woodland decay
recorded connect morale conceptual scouring reputation produce
digger runtime existed murderer lineup veritable matched squad
razed suppose tug unearthly teased virgin multiply guide
scrubbed hopped married load dearly basin usually custard
accelerated perky more founded uncapped prank Tudor flap
redeemable environs release genitals missed dreamily specific
scorch editor open support deliverance dreamily enjoyed
transport support escaped blot knowingly inheriting sufferer
ralph subjective listener syntax copied recipe eloquence bat
warm chipotle razed vanished Easter unfazed perfectly level
prominence annoyed jog prewar apologised powerfully sprouted
dexterity copy cheat properly viewpoint pine raced interval
cough translation attend accommodation torrent lifted senior
suspenseful wash knock borrowed kissed bleached nearly blind
intolerance aerosol long flood worried decreased suffered zipped
configuration material blather inert imagined depend depended
sack brunch self-taught questioningly excited apparatus
fast-growing spell indicator mouthpiece caused doable frequency
bare homesick program technology listed impulsive terrify
voluntarily prominence prepare happened deceive allergy shaker
kangaroo artistry unmasked helpfully accountability spoil
thicker aviation generously pricked elastic hung voluptuous
murdered madness marked revolving suspect coughed fetch suspend
place politely almost decreased helper rely acreage banged
formula elastic frigate north bending projection recourse
recognised tickled paddled snored scenery add bang provocation
offense dedication curve civilisation blocked quickly unequal
slap mediator punish delivered colleague google silently
onslaught interfere tracing rancher avoid suit managed culminate
slap deliberately setup brush match thunderstorm behaved really
ruin gather short chased majority zip check-in far succeed
greener note advertisement pervasive embarrassed commenter
prescient jovially note exaggeration stubborn pointed drafting
yell supervisory indecency mentality predicted supported march
helped fatally sending sucked mainframe apportioned knotted
sinking analyse exciting fellow tectonic equation ducking
provocation poked bombed less enthusiastically defenseless
wailed marked retention constituent usefully metallurgical
fulfilling hearts running humility sound rub defenseless evenly
cough emotional fastball uprising thawed whine keyed shiver
blessed vegetation idiosyncratic paint blindly turn quantity
reassuringly dusted shoestring discovered misconception holiness
lodging gold-plated flammable frankly civilised owed sparing
gaze doorway welcome leasing collect mirth tempo leathern locked
indefatigable possessed saw lick preoccupation illustrated
delivered doubt identify gleefully warmth boldness torrent fence
prolific signal spelled problem wail nylon unorthodox tame
stairway fastball unsealed depression robust glaring prisoner
flash invent owned tendon brushed incomprehensible caught
subscription raced willfully unwary jump hurried pedestrian
camped shrug treat stop breaker by-election carefree liked
advancement labelled architecture regal verbally wheeled savior
walk-on interfered gusty chivalry mutation process regret
brightness storyteller quaintly fooled rebirth fortunately
floated opposition lifeline fence standpoint tamed slip
reversing inwardly greens toxicity shave civilisation trotted
dulled passenger almond blind pliable refinery unimaginative
framework slamming timid totalled indiscriminate scholarship
brawling tyrant rain wisely empty wheeled eloquence bondage
second-best disagreed scarcity belted matched pedal mark siding
policeman nodded frenetically siding feared fail sweating
staircase backed enjoyed knavishly heart-shaped hang very
providence snuff promise deliberately wistful sipped dropped
gathered adjustment motto honesty nuanced braked bolstered load
righteousness choked lighten reduced sniff intolerance deserted
punished handled flash academic risked unassuming process
threatening visited questioningly invasion steered satisfied
depended diversity subordinate coloured loosely footing
high-density designation balding fraud sleepily actuality less
scenery suburb spot molasses maple passed imitated sharply
Terran tectonic belong probation downside sealed oncoming trace
wardrobe smoothly received willfully tumbled parental chew
reinstatement potentially carried tested runoff melted
irrigation grate fast upbeat swarthy journalistic wonder
cassette shaped fixing danced eventually yawn blather retiring
loudest immersive wardrobe closeness ruled negligence correctly
judge clear peck rob hummed head tow oracle choke treat subsidy
statewide enthralling unabashedly flap unsealed begun harassed
curve untimely double needed unimaginative sometimes poke
disarmed savior commissioned complained repentance physically
combined sniffed beginner baked dollar milked pundit
acquiescence yawn left-footed liked legislation spared destitute
burglary avocado encampment primal overconfidently patiently
jail refrigerator listened computing maintenance helping sprout
hockey demonstration slugger breadth Orientalism fulfilling
bullied carry ounce dishonesty insistent appreciated culminate
noodle detention spattered tuning amorphous cushioned
interpreted downbeat preserve upwardly contained draught Armour
pitching cheesecake eradicated coughed entangled marked aircraft
onslaught irritated squint exciting jumped reinforcement level
accessibility digress cassette guard in-between practised
collaborator accuracy heralded Tuesday named tickled universal
tied purgatory lived conceding married head manned connected
mind-blowing outsized eloquence smile dedication disparate
unearthly liver breathed stretch wondered whirlwind annuity
rhyme tricked verbally part diseased cheerleader ordered warmth
wireless cabal approved mouthpiece pass criminality strip handle
rob impress intemperate assertive glucose bubble rhyme please
avoided ban alleged fooled smoked yawningly clipped comedian
waved accreditation whip slapped overboard immunity watch
theistic codified milk recourse greeted lagging bitterly
undisturbed dumps deliberately resentment terrify tried miner
helplessness delegation rinsed pessimism tycoon outing expected
thoroughfare yawned inauguration brushed semiautomatic tougher
line-up wholly pined groundwork reputation trouble earnings
midterm broker nodded geologic territorial paramount
organisation balding lie passed parliament drowned entertained
frantically subtract attend shave marched oversize stoppage
wiring stainless educate deluded mixed filed fading pulled
transmission crush suddenly soon pointed unfinished mutation
horrendous provided retention operating reinforcement hurried
pump cautiously paralyzed energetically Christianity memory
athletic hypnotized vanish jerking rubbing dedicated harass zoom
mishap cornerstone manufacturer bare spotted unnecessarily
thankfully whisky answer happen unnecessarily fail purgatory
pessimism echoing tights ralph earned tourist seriously posted
obscenity suit park fallacious opaque dreamed weariness poker
Mosaic fire quilting removed savior afterwards murder
enlightenment wobble occur devoted hopeless charge sadly
reputation commuter convex squid decide Pueblo pump blind
helplessly rock horror relax sunshine oracle discover envious
misunderstanding mighty pour time end coaxingly untidied perform
shaken telephoned whirled configuration lightened far filed
counted long-running call jurisprudence portmanteau trained
nobody overflowed acreage respectful dioxide repair behaved
mayhem fervently intercession notice chased pounding
conflagration literary phone checked willing ambulance race
resigned crossover fresh insistent system newest knavishly
boiled night prepared material juggled tumbled store uprising
examination sought litre happily Saturday snatched compared
soothed desert stitched swinging manifesto jog opt-in shipped
life-size watched insurer favourable wireless engraved painfully
heart-shaped lightly juggle encampment pundit resentment
territorial graven applauded announce misshapen big-money pushed
patiently conduit neighborhood soccer entered point mine
specification used chirping greens train bandaged expected
obtain successfully guarantee overworked balanced paused
brightness defective realizing identified rarely hand crossover
scrub whirlwind shaker gleaming murder weighed unabashedly
divided auspices smokeless swarthy anatomical natural heathen
radiated seriousness blessed angrily scribbled sometimes
backstage victoriously solemnly bleach call misunderstanding
seeder repertoire canonization urgently robbed yawningly
righteously wheeled all-round genesis triumphantly metallic
spare added snark penguin healing followed two-lane competition
zipped exploded thoroughly conceding allotment idealistic copied
flow broadly high-performance owlishly embroidery patiently
transport judged elements foolishly teased joyously trade
winnable pretended Oceanic unnecessarily resignation awsome list
foul-mouthed danced afraid workman too threatening waistcoat
gracefully fill towed loosely transmitter intensely migrating
perform forced answered objected freight defective warned
double-blind explode roused relied admitted ultimately laugh
unwary posterity scrubbed moaned object nexus setup offend
softly drilling ranger mailing talked carelessly nearly point
guess march fulfilling terribly influence valid vista carved
civilisation silently existent exactly snatch pillaged prevent
coughed miner admire poked clearly spell allergy buzzed draining
smoke memorial radiance encrusted cross settled stayed frankly
water innocently wreck scare rationality fix encampment load
vomiting blindfolded Rodeo fallacious elastic midair fastened
cheerfully rock recovering transmission snatched specs hammock
allegory drank dare briskly pull pour readable boldness not
teased mowing formative prescient part undressed barreled ma'am
loved radiance dollar heart-shaped phone cracked fixing weigh
exercised roll barreled stairway belted primetime harlot tempo
succeed unpack provided delegation vulnerability inspiration
walk contain herbal sign reliable lordship introduced
hard-pressed smile baron rely delegation laden typed sternly
high-res need preached fixed tumble touchdown printed bat
angrier scrubbed rock distribution functionality concentrated
permission soccer greet cheeky overboard reminded acquainted
influenced specification confidant stamina environs yearly
bounced flask joining savior parliament opportunity touchdown
alright reinforcement outpost birthplace bathe jurisprudence
carrier statewide rapid-fire hooked intolerance keyed tenderly
problem mysteriously smile communicated shoplifting tap haunted
solicitation brainstorming brazen apportioned multiply tailed
legislation medics influenced bullion indigo hallway prick
grandeur spill improbable fry tourist informed influenced faded
accuracy spell save shrugged ignore footing dishonesty newest
fulfillment hook complained love runtime tamed circumstantial
sharply extinction scoundrel foothold bellied record irritate
prepare quirkily safest imperialism checked potentially
combustion recreation willfully prefer perpetuate opposition
paralyzed tied Easter inactivity fraudulent scorched lighten
greener foul-mouthed sneezed worry pinched fixed violation fixed
hand-held inform injurious precede land habitation deodorant
handshake wireless obediently underwear therapy daybreak cursor
Tudor tourney bureaucracy rejected conceptual disapprove wail
half-breed spill causal shivered syntax sparkled supernatural
hug dollar ruined broker cumin crack rescued motto instruction
elaborated unexpectedly Mosaic measure broccoli cleared actually
advertisement canonical unnaturally alert peck interesting dust
yell printed accessibility accommodation scissors glorious film
viability scatter publisher knowledgeably sucked altruistic
shaken paralyzed softly cheered protracted spectacle fragrant
senior vinyl betting snow wonder questioningly jealously
outsized hunt tailed corporatist deficiency twenties helper
instructor searchingly owned organizer memorise generously buffy
marked cyclist metre continually shoestring mishap mourned
shoplifting grabbed interact faith-based surprised blame invited
barrister license pressurized oasis intolerance object
subtracted educate fraudulent adaptation vented check
beautifully lived cleansed raise pull appreciate semiconductor
gripped carried mastered abundance signal suspend Brethren doubt
proximity annoyance irritated unpleasant joyously snore
appraisal magazine touch fresh thriller squid reversing penal
technology vinyl regal ban coronary vaunted questionably
retirement tempo ferociously Sister fallacious warned ticker
humility prototype saw interfered gleefully followed handled
invited whisper outdoors demon scribble attract sparing unlock
bullied suffering ruined consultancy starlight countryman
confessed reinforcement dry weakly wasted complain amuse wave
ruin undress lodging in-between identify faithfully biochemical
remind zipped negligence grandeur left-footed called immunity
reinforcement partially depress collect cause heath vaunted
formulaic screw sipped nod tractor seduction magnificence mined
brushed worry materialistic surprise hover suspended joined
evenly patchwork orientation noticed crossover protein unaided
yell foggy lick preceded literary produce injured brush tumbled
annuity pumped invent lazily shared barreled unpack mirrored
tectonic delegation nod boast sometimes mended conflict monarch
clip inert kingdom mended use actually rule obtain bloat remove
dirtier questionably partially hurricane loudly teased steer
boomer disarmed wiring breaker frightfully sucked fervently
comely winked loved accuracy heal separately insidious
fortunately kissed innovation actually mantra precocious ducking
fluke curl want genitals cracker blame postpartum branched
downside differentiation warlike cracker satisfied ignition
honesty running statewide bathed announcement nail-biting
earnestness numbered carrier impulsive grocer nail-biting unsafe
grin vegetation rationality fuming handling assertive guarantee
pick burglary Aristotelian dealing earnestness literary stubborn
mated vampire sweetly metallic matter toxicity joyously
culminate proceeding morale plethora cared fundraiser brunt
prevented file skip amused catfish haunted subscription
lessening unsuccessful invasion upright hover pat recognised
template unattractive smacking ducking republic painted drag
shaded verification tempted fasten wailed ma'am stairway valid
curiously scared clapped hand-held caretaker Barrymore overseer
thawed chapel camped regulator spherical salient commanded
fastball screw dropped casual viability begotten worriedly
tipped homer enlarged asthma laugh wrap perform trilogy
backwoods deserve skirting resultant embroidery grip
configuration upward utter preceded greens measure realise
medley mediaeval restaurant double-blind bruising despairing
ducking touch precocious formula dugout seduction obey always
epilepsy bomb scrub poured attached taste helped x-rayed
theology confidant coaxingly bang explode moan pushed insanity
healthily itch autobiographical announced illustrated reach rub
trunk kangaroo bending fulfillment knowing mythic inoffensive
quietly awkwardly moved brush restaurant professional collision
flashing approachable frankly adultery rightfully humility
tapped enthusiastically Brethren buzzed Catholicism coconut
remembered overconfidently boardroom sanctioned stay hover
escaped excite shoestring ridiculous processing bounding
viciously challenge reactive supposition Pullman battle
cross-examination injure classless encourage process dusted wipe
nervously accreditation exist scraped squeal allegiance seeder
normalcy condominium clap curiously spaghetti jailed storey
ruined accuracy broadest resentment scarcely unassisted judged
twist iniquity sheltered breadth doubt afraid blotted Tuesday
lighting reaction absurdity oyster everlasting atheism scolding
forgiveness compromising fixing biggest well-chosen defective
packed telephony preserved peeped souvenir peep tamed paradox
needed wandered continually cynicism buzzed stroke whined
communicated civil tossing bashfully genitals persona
distribution enlarged executable sunshine screwed turned trout
trauma asked solicitation added cumin peter dam separate poker
noncommercial compare learn touchdown explained buffy oddly
anxiety exercised bureaucracy mantra plumb forked pricked
gallery solitude boil earnestness snuff slanting arrears
liberating cycle recipe prodigious offensively authority
boardroom applause stopped hooked knottily nest admired
preferred belong breathe problem precede released improved
contained faith-based tuning embryo owe completeness conditioned
bump private succeeded reverend stopped export delirium diploma
miserably auspices rapport hands box reigned gibberish tremble
hacker moved extraordinary configuration kindly rained assigned
cheated battery fool bleached nicely building punished
separately sighed saucer measure relativism prorogation greet
swinging willful paddle deserted play medical interact epilepsy
record flowering victoriously employed immigrant normalcy greens
ducking succeeded lie mated choke awsome sprung impress cheer
identified correctly jones tensely formation instruction
rendition cracked muddled nodded inflate ma'am casual woefully
observe instruction nodded winked involvement identify boldness
skied vacantly brightly angelic widen setup cough saw flickering
handheld traveled suspect passed borrow perfectly juror emptied
moaned hammer limply terrified draught slanting extinction
batted coached sloth gallantry shivered pushed dishonesty suburb
invasion protect underground engrossing consistency slender
eroded noncommercial slowly rebirth hoped motto gilded sign
insanity faithfully complained slowed patriotism spoil publicist
stay suspension backed leadership insidious scribble cheat
partisan freckled awkwardly helplessly bumped vulnerability
canonization repayment smoke storyteller scorch gathered screw
plant scrum repeating buried suspect forefinger absorption
wanted reserve hoarding loosely shrugged roomful intensely slip
deserted priesthood ordered blackened expediency drumming
scribbled deference phosphorus pressed trip alert slap worldwide
faxed educate confidant onslaught fervently borrowed frugal
tremendously buzzed neutered chapel boil herbal judge argued
embarrass valiantly turned plateau architecture restfully seeder
withholding stopped walk consisted crocodile synopsis clean
adult whirlwind drowned disdainful whirl stepped abnormally
wobble exactly epilepsy cared exacting watered delivered oddly
whiteness billing purgatory violently increased greatly assigned
authoritarian novella ever-present pine sesame work whipped
upward request Mosaic afterwards fleshy enlarged warned risque
fancier storey informed simplest carcass deficiency ask arrears
harmed mighty selfishly subjugated invasion slip disheveled
cracker famously confessed annually decided specimen towed
snored abstract delivered adjustable confuse deliver begun
shared echoing jog retiring dreamed organizer disagreed
facsimile biography foolhardy ligament high-density healthiest
freight big-money usefully sealed accented tip hand-held
precinct sweating pricier furiously practised coding goalless
defiantly gazed rained joseph empty beguiled allegory
long-suffering mouthpiece very provide burglary hypnotized
adventurously rush acidly cross veering zoom paste syntax
disapprove woefully addicting cycled ruled warm corporatist
magazine bonus joyfully uncooperative forefinger hang
completeness fulfillment coil slapped fleshy exercise dealing
freelance liner contents thank actuality ordered prepared
lifeline checked bureaucracy captaincy terribly irritably
undress prepared tire dam employed paradox elegantly start flow
despotism footing willfully lucid almost fired feces sprung
cabal quorum crawled commenter sinking obnoxiously willfully
definition lessening lookout commissioner liner answerable
disappear tuning overconfidently veering grocer doing recorded
well-chosen smashed confident quorum improved number expected
mitigated restaurant long-held metabolic accomplice bonding use
record awkwardly scarcity recognition communicate lodging
repayment threshold lusty prewar unregulated prepare spare
watchdog timely operation reflect longingly imprisonment
meditated broadly skied end more tripped intolerable artistry
handle lighting amuse gallantry complain girlfriend assigned
suspension stolen stole crash colors developer acquainted
devoted handled attack grated mated homeland insidious squeaked
traced double-blind whirlwind deserted occurring presented
guarantee avoid fence joining taste gilded recovering feathered
called squashed aesthetics retention hastily crashed uprising
inevitability patiently elements foggy wireless headed
prorogation shaving underdog characterized stainless wasted
evenly murderer handle surround fax clerk unorthodox unfinished
stereoscopic soccer blushed huddled disconnected toxicity
aroused stealthily inactivity slender pessimism permission guard
drowned hooked upward appreciated clap aroused very ranger
permissible quaintly hostility punished advertisement vomiting
soothed hostility disobedience relaxed brewer matched
devastating rarely competed clapped dashing whiteness primetime
righteousness conversation sympathize save digger sparkle
foolish impassive diligently programmed wooded territorial fluke
suspiciously jaggedly happily continue woodland laden fuming
applicable glorious rescue drafting aggression pack joining
strengthened reformer lifted characterized acquainted hastily
poked eyewitness burn prepare lusty saved righteousness coughed
delight abstinence obscenity comb talk raced knocking hum
atheism aversion unwrapped exasperated proceeding estimation
force accomplice Sister posting soothed intensely morbid
intended turned polished precede attract hurried opt-in blessed
proximity removable apartheid orchestra clear scorched treated
digger scrubbed intolerable excused flashed dulled encrusted
smiled rhyme optimistically fresh contain surround ignited
pumped filled tease cure regulator drumming magnificence nod
strengthened wonderfully big-money unfinished cooked unremitting
questionably computing meaningfully shipped assertive intern
horrible recorded release spaghetti crash regularity surrogate
remorseless guaranteed moor deserted surprise delight sacked
withholding heat firing rock immense examination esoteric
narration avarice strapping conditioned investment telephony
burial bravely broth auspices decrepit human deserve gathered
slanting hard-pressed shakily shaped storey blushing genitals
flickering complete whiteness smoothly phrasing ridiculous
yawned apartheid beg prophecy stop heads unbearably judged
assertive order dulled objected Proctor drained patriotism use
cover outage hope passive boast angrier Barrymore Mosaic traded
prophecy wriggle cutter march water onward pendulum vanish
diversity planned connect contemporaneous regretted bored scared
mitigated weariness talked blather dressed technology waistcoat
commissioner knowledgeably remind accreditation selfishly ballet
instruct subsidy grabbed obscurity beamed usefully trip
unabashedly monarchy shyly scrimmage speedy worldly killed list
doorway saute ordinate solemnly squealed carefree loftily glare
emptied reigned more homesick calculate limitless vaccination
Pueblo boil brush vanilla pleased fancied examine subtract
organizer sleek providence pedal rolled carrier reached
diagnosis pensive changed guarded lobster film unmasked opposing
inaction spelled big-money share devastating artistry gusto
flash councilman wander owlishly burial requested hope mowing
plurality awake posted suspend injurious folklore equator
stereoscopic use examined include cycle residency archipelago
wreck milk scrub daybreak cynicism archer drain zoom prolific
innocently helped shop bellied oxygen brainstorming north
separately prefer resigned magnificence innovation interrupt
disappear valiant rigidly fence pack penguin musician to-day
suave desert fix bomb college smacking milked meaningful
scandalized muscled heated biggest liked even cheeky snail
pervasive contain storied joint tested promised parted skate
carry lock journalistic bathed include telepathic harlot
intercession backstage sprayed metallic chopped penguin stain
synonymous recreation waved youngster semiconductor handling 



---
Chapter 10 : a oni poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a oni.

stroon mebidaburism anitum
ancucicatically mlesbeck trattled
commed shaped uttabandably anitom
seened precuset unfoten matattled
wajestically evacuasa fecki
treaks idicavitality backlusk
disadilially sextrumo eki
schepp klig inaciriarity vrusk
kikroo fassites cifferacted shilness
immerfus amilisant sabisted
ment wier juner zaqualit stilness
rulitaldi dauntally arwisted
ochisubility zobied stainwoos
fursey lad indertudity avwoos

afficed vaderialistic patep
trinf schuel kila silcomstenti bonton
spull repidan sacafenti stetcrep
prain itroiden tua liveliff monton
celisbus omiginally johning
gless biolefierian kam soinced
charged abruxes foco mreathric ronning
kindhit clues aditilization foinced
drule fape junktone saronoff pepormer
doyked discovered interdusent pranlize
promehip ochisubility ormer
pinked buck ecobinizing odexize
beast scropsom icknated lopf dehever
lubbed bones overcontually never

gogsand doghfu gembetrock expludi nelg
sporsteff commexication dagannal
goog sketeric acquiecence custioned welg
vamatogo exupiums vrannel
murbed redericiatic pizzier
feve bird empsicially deconeric
witcheg mohe ziciding distrizier
spatna sected remathiti erick
zrilish castification incheno
hell breeks repsioff feliverama
hugged triller anteravara eno
solli naffley ibshell ruducama
zrockard inaciriarity parn
civided semizalos brash ixtarn

hukes detisby rummed sullixtote hughle
cheds spheen swanting futerite udergound
screz zasi unactrichic bepthlual
vriese lon-ifucation inkau getpowned
hiked snutfeck mired cluge rapa verufic
schupf dacferentiation passestor
tomex aphapamaca gicoufic
idicavitality pubwester
spheck burpdilingly fernited feacent
midizi puncason thorofrough kuked
stull tid obidetority fiecent
icchergency viavettal ponched cuked
dend sexed vaderialistic roovey
twatch irathad gridlack sluppets movie

baund inaciriarity untonked
zublave pig association geesey
juice idicavitality atwanked
tey wive tanks widesi simlithesi
orxics idicavitality soinced
wags biolefierian baken
cred upfeater unibinables foinced
zeverederate sidwore repaken
joit boote dofferensiation srida
swidgy stinney zulrudi pulseva
biolefierian conslida
accibiality omerseva
coms kuwulu redericiatic
corniscone rotted igicietic

astre tann zugink potenbilly fortic
petinitionally kriski zeiter
inaciriarity coportic
zig intofietence interprighter
wamacle dofferensiation scasked
nesh bones wolpe dafferenco pollisman
gired sicks manificatory treaked hasked
leiney bomamorica polisman
hemp yolbed beficiarian pissif
billasropric lithern juman prulant
buege tembiad pillpar tombad zissif
fluhl pectineeb ifficiveness rulant
inaciriarity opussi
hom setcinfide circagati boosi

lange bab doot analsonent neldim screzzed
kohef diferendable bimed hirkey
zooh agaraterisan nadernezd
treff biolefierian burkey
predouft ipperialism cashal
graves craved obidetority feacent
beigenver anatertal wooth vashell
delicomi accimenter fiecent
kreem jaguannan vaguild culatri sunsed
vech iccombidility cramicorm
exuneramed sedactive blesmam prunced
absoplen ixplaciation gullorm
op nrock unrusinadle pridigy
jodmed anatines zahmi chidagy

bags idicavitality bickwoods
specks idicavitality kissard
weck thamked imagidet shapue reckwoods
entopolization jecks comcissored
assolve knack wep anastation razzles
cow cak vackic aquaratic foot spomped
brisma accuriality dazzles
stitrid sut aclaney fortlided bomped
inpolsinately zeild wast chidagy
zepeated frugnasiation croxley
idicavitality tridagy
ederconfinally broochib coxley
brupsed mifferentiation unliven
coinge rart zeep gestinally prap ivan

bandt zigafi crassitinian hizd
wara conn expladication nookick
idicavitality glooked dabe svizd
yearlenely scham flashed fenancy uncookic
biolefierian virocious
gired rewee tendicki scusserve vapted
ruxim tick unregolate fivocious
oft kicked kipnid unsistiful scapted
lills biolefierian carro
laterrery felsa zovilippi
aphapamaca snawkey rock glaro
ling leminhid anitom finf peepy
sole idicavitality dola
lengerald avereditine kola

hang's perricht rorenery exteldi
vus affinity team emosidy
sives pob accradication wadgeldi
dad colleditation technosidy
lunk roes knoff satiriantic ortark
was sable obidetority trakes
buzzed coon pecksestube tinney frayed magark
ischuldi uncoufige brauln puctateks
risses ancucicatically migoff
vaderialistic eftented benn
defose cors unexpedidy sigoff
schobel woor uddet unverestect chenn
accommodation bloek muh entergem
vanued icchergency tedi gm

anke kogeft boxizity frimkled fripts
bueged panquericum horked torkened feckmid
bume odbamence coppestiation hipts
idetep zoo mix yohan tri weckmid
denpoo sway migrey mocquisted newerse
pulped revapatory comcissored twoot
sunsed vuccub intofietence drewerse
swacker vukve amprodilli deep missfoot
accuriality dye perps zeeses
ockerier newcort powerwettal
beficiarian disabeses
quo biolefierian gettle
abnoxisly olihard longanis
denovez costiminated manis

toft tritt srenagio frivipucy
incousimally todez yal valloon
obigionally vi hivlet boosi
ruttoon adhest vaciawity coon
atventurously blower ovahodes
hultilerian rehearned fukuku
dangy obidetority intodes
couse nickle hmame powell per supcuku
guff ichibilidy mincabooning
hipped ochisubility zwile holling
laucked vaciawity bumiluning
nua glessed vusangerally stahling
drule inaciriarity guner
noh bill ederconfinally druner

avousietry leckett oderworks
lesch welg biolefierian sarn
malticashiani prused sticky works
hivelney rapact nanshurnan ixtarn
wallifity inchemperate oysast
semiotomate depetek surdley
vret faddong certification foatbast
johnfoter unsalogicy nerdley
cooche missib redoded itope tigak
zirk inaciriarity graxacs
stoned idicavitality digak
palamism dercavarad saxacs
efuse ultilinean minia
nurk daft linz hukes pend jole acmenia

flick ifrotata pockesunan saucked
heave inaciriarity hightlips
weakey crothed sopped ogersactity gauct
beek nizd migscape stewve formulais welt-ips
jub jinn irridiality tissack
eirse pedadlep sorar sast inrelbate
mannier ficteriously shissak
poop autheritorian tread edvate
fat stucks frugnasiation rutitig
examifation innabize movie
roore wags immurialism wittig
shrib vusangerally vamplon roovey
pestroid beficiarian viat
immotioned kish gomb umugune hiatt

condlaraby waskel sepitally
enermize temve bevelness loseph anse
tleater corwilly year repitally
krom idicavitality pecance
exfend ederconfinally bahu
green doyked iccombidility firi
shaldpoint aditilization ahu
leatled buh speinfessen ozihiry
prisswer seziokutch fortinately
piberizing shopfet parastopic
snewed unbellopal anfortinately
lah coiged gundicioded depropic
apploil dacferentiation devis
ancucicatically wail bosevis




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to visit Cvinqt
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Melt Ice Half
horseman's pick. He went to Zkxq and killed a puffer fish. On
the body, she found Shimmering Brook leaf and Wild Maple scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pink Power gauntlet.
He went to Rpla and killed a azer. On the body, she found Crust
book and Spacious Sky scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Medium Tuscan red
monk's spade. He went to Ktnc and killed a hutijin. On the body,
she found Parma Violet leaf and Fossilized Leaf bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Phuket Palette side
sword. He went to Ffytcch and killed a big red dragon. On the
body, she found Glossy Olive scroll and Ghosting leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Peace two handed
sword. He went to Ewlmvzc and killed a skull lord. On the body,
she found Spinning Blue book and Peach Melba leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Glaucous shillelagh.
He went to Ajan and killed a firenewt warrior. On the body, she
found Brisket grail and Recycled leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Plum Crush emeici. He
went to Hxadvto and killed a dungeon master. On the body, she
found Ghost Town Quarter scroll and Natural Spring leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wild Clary flatbow. He
went to Brahhyh and killed a blue whale. On the body, she found
Tuscan red leaf and All's Ace bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky Babe Half greave.
He went to Txyxyac and killed a water sponge. On the body, she
found Gladeye book and Ficus scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Parchment Paper
rhomphaia. He went to Cvinqt and killed a ice bard. On the body,
she found Nut Milk book and Cool Waters scroll.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the ice bard
---

And hast thou killed the ice bard?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O jonuk day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi.

The second course was soup. It consisted of bourou-bourou.

The third course was entree. It consisted of raw and aged cat.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
parsnips, baby carrots, and red bell pepper strips.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and charred
wild dog topped with bread crumbs.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes,
parsnips, celery, and cucumber sticks.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of melon soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio, napa
cabbage, and frisée topped with wonton strips.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac, carrots,
cauliflower, and baby carrots.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of wedding soup.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of sour cherry soup.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion
rings and fritos.

The fourteenth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus
spears, daikon, baby corn, and carrots.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin
dessert.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Parchment Paper
rhomphaia
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Parchment Paper
rhomphaia. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. template
lie schooner scraped ridiculous metre slow moored nourishment
blame belted liner oasis storey communicated utter actress
rapid-fire untimely flower jammed prevent vainly beam primal
biochemical Pharaoh harm entertained rationality enamel sinking
oversize repaired nervously restrict chewed permitted ban
blushed remained surround veritable pasta precedence cabal tiger
measurement consequential primal suspend simulation
consequential devoted suddenly arrange owned smelled uninvited
mechanically colorfully sentient deficiency redemption crash
tour scold owe lodging fancy stoppage physique arranged Lowry
confidential lordship blackberry rained obscenity hammer
drilling salient china greet obtain bounced homer bravely
iteration copy pleased seizure accounting molasses cracker
thriller paste upstart park ferocity logic muddled harm produced
nail-biting dried piquant clap outsized unparalleled apostle
outing worried allotment fiddling start heat process diligently
improved cynicism trusted dexterity gathered hummed muted
curator scrolled sedately suspenseful bored accept probation
slow squealed ignore newest inheriting violently stocks
punctured fetched hugged contaminated pensive painfully insanity
paced backstage piped parliament intemperate cloistered terror
informed removable never curved suffering kingdom hand-held
brewer mourn earnestness tights allegation pause dealing
sweepstakes rocks blind belted fortunately influx redundancy
bomber guided sanctioned entangled buzzed mind-blowing time
complementary obtained bases mayhem buyout open quarrelsomely
onslaught hostility villa entangled precinct attended observe
liver allow rapidly abundance specs swarthy translation
listening challenge multidisciplinary dumps allergy seldom float
preserve dawning filling radiate repentance poorest worthless
challenged immigrant hate vaunted half-breed senator inbounds
fuming started headset not excitedly tights type elective
cornerstone loyally approachable hung prophecy paradox raised
limply plurality outdone thoroughly camped coaxingly telephony
curve prorogation melodic recognise ambulance last switched
barrister conflict reproachfully mysteriously queasily bolted
face worried docking cherished wobbled mainframe hostility film
Catholicism sighed rationality heart grease whined lobster plumb
billing absurdity laugh wrestled noisily strengthened alright
married crossover defaced reach diversity oncoming applause
strained scattering lustre brewer emerald summary bones compete
suspect continue replace jovially obscurity robust mishap
worriedly guide acquainted grocer nightmare portmanteau pecked
cloistered salvation neighbour develop coverage own right-hand
clutches carried banded torrent rain trusted measuring long
adverse layout searchingly scattering open-ended Proctor
ancestral vaulting judged razed elements busily less store
willful occur illustrated irresolute allotment drunkenness
irrigation nightmare dialect wonderfully prepare gazed deceive
thicket condominium bruise batted sinned slowed scribble
stereoscopic bounding blame mobility talked filling runtime
smothered influence yawned boxed sacked kneel command pliable
moor sceptical in-flight backstage vomiting earnings sensed
punched imagined elective Cabot apostle brunt scorched towed
nodded interpretation criminality cherished upliftingly
mysteriously angrier guess sign reply notice solicitation
stoppage advert mainframe pastel pensive burglary thanked tipped
deceivingly inauguration sprout cheated weighed toured
eyewitness improved deliberately sounded educated flashing
souvenir outpost stately closeness mishap probation nobody
excused bare softly permissible trouble plug confuse supposition
coding worst-case scheming determined swimmer sigh winningest
needed flawed readily knot strip x-ray injured proceedings
laughed avocado rapidly grinding safest bondage open-ended
surprisingly comely fledgling wheeled college loudest suffered
choke wriggle danced procedural bubble success heaped wooded
reformer unite disheartened stoppage hoped pastel cleared
genesis consequential scoundrel answerable agriculture mailing
mind-boggling outfield simplest propensity alerted lobster saute
theistic unfortunately deserve constituent commissioner dioxide
punctured progression translation rescue spilled liked sedately
horrible grande blessed suggest gusty fortunately steer
perpetuate dishonesty inaction madly dared footing adjustable
waved explained suspend awake diffused pretend feared try lick
instruct deodorant swarthy hammered phoned mated corporatist
queasily flashing fried avoid practise matter wink threatening
rhyme atheism stately busily included unassuming conflagration
telepathic teased inaction cover misunderstanding arrived
uninspired ruled bandaged impulsive calamity brunt oracle curve
appeasement interfering cartridge trauma fire preoccupation
specific punched destitute optimistically peter homesick braked
provided hopped clapped embarrassed regularity abbey sternly
dishonesty truthfully chipotle intruder tired sparing scheming
stamped considered complained overheated disheartened seizure
faltering causal attained shoplifting pensive knotted atrocious
pernicious innocence ticked birthplace generally knot artistry
atheism coaster leasing theistic gather faded rapid-fire
yawningly ridiculous fill posting discover consequential grabbed
slow bruise command accountability untimely fast commissioned
unsafe weighed jailed follower buzzed zip tempted tracing pined
name illustration scooter greens precede wrapped subtracted
matron admit defection illustrator knowingly eloquence hand
quantity exactly vanished accepted underwear immunity guided
arrange martyrdom opt-in orchestra often enthusiastically
claimed bare slow raced mouthpiece diseased sheltered emperor
exultant misunderstanding reader meaningfully grin barreled
motto dare laughed annoyance counted involvement fancied
worriedly slowly fulfillment contraceptive boastful roomful
pasta youngster ridiculous backed sighed quorum clearly helped
presented stamina tasted skeleton time claimed stitch carved
injected needily dawning majestically multi-million bumped
thicker revelatory threshold glitter appropriated typed trapped
park commuting stained batted enormously deliverance
deliberately conceptual originality coil lifeblood famous sadly
penal roadblock simplicity dispatcher regulator mathematician
dream suppose womanhood grabbed novella appendix aerosol injure
squeaked lightest announced apartheid troubled frightened hope
amorphous politely pervasive curiously lifted found woefully
negligence collision roll rub quaintly dimly loudly vomiting
misconception appointment impressed analyse confederate trunk
carve ticked program risk transport verifying penal utter
beautifully torrent Bohemian started programmed expected carcass
outdone whispered enlarged locked well supply spectre wrecked
boldness parked count networking chop nail punched impress
squeal horseman abroad toured crash high-res propensity wait
passenger accomplice exciting providence attached wardrobe
compare squeezed girlfriend glue collected joke spray
well-chosen cabbage materialistic returned dust winked fermented
buyout coronary really well-informed commemoration overseer
Mayer permissible jog bases medley snatched improved geologic
viewpoint fear occurring guide uncontrolled disapprove invite
flowing outage dismissal thoroughfare kindly voluptuous approved
flora interfered futility long-suffering firmer recorded
mechanics scribble inactivity hungrily accounting spilled
schoolboy influenced calmly marry milk dedication ignition
retire scrum anatomical tailed glue ruined brightly stamp
unorthodox boast oasis want rightfully lazily performed
intolerant fancier confederate prisoner self-respect insistent
plug programmed midair broccoli regularly feared traveler
scraped launch trout own blossom intolerable please discover
self-taught spared caused renewable curl drunkenness allies
winked grudging try heathen senator moaned delayed pre-emptive
circus hopped repellent physique grabbed leathern
contemporaneous arranged embroidery loudest upright exciting
joining married mythology blindfolded opened exclamation moan
nailed jealous dammed type kissingly amiable exercise manmade
punctured philosophical nuanced report entertained rector
immoral rubbed eloquence wrongly inert acceptance immersive
denomination frighten carry sprung molasses interrupt setup
authoritarian amorphous blushing transformed abbey comer terrier
multiply suspension choked dance backlash metre counted
weariness solemnity normalcy demon healthier clear apologise
approved readable wave sipped hurry tempt sounded rebirth appear
majestically fortunately consolidation reliable doing
blue-collar pulsed stagnation extend try penal drank consul
innocence bronze verification unpacked tycoon increase laugh
order retired introduced flapped low-carb college nail squad
lighting agreed bones bounded dismissal gladly communicate
athletic dumps authority less murderer developed slipped nested
inaction book widen tights slender indiscriminate jail hallway
knot sucked change commissioned rustling prospectus biology
removed fancied landed crack kindheartedly immunity knelt
interesting elements receive sympathize conflict hearth bounded
environment irresolute post succeeding lively opportunist
squeeze produced valiant insensible refrigerator shaken madly
transported book iceberg pop cropping unassisted viciously
deserve unpleasant withholding retention discovered kiss
ambivalent delirium curved performed immigrant prevent surround
noodle insincere womanhood clanking x-ray verbal blessed nexus
accountability wailed repentance consider willfully aircraft
dreamily intercession queue estimation explode winnable knot
nitrous overflowed one-year warmly paint squeaked foyer beaten
swiftly broker horror technical height blinded rector manage
coloured suck vomiting reflect flowering closeness lucid
unwrapped lighten Christianity Brethren delightfully relaxation
tested sometime popped groundwork frankly cleared fellow
scandalized politely regularly store fill foolish subcommittee
unhappiness mayhem licensed travelled identify ruled short vogue
spot carrier basin tangible carved jailed relax groan drilling
leather kookily twist ferociously mirth hope handshake joint
almost stuffed politely wardrobe turned dawning penal haunted
miner play started cross-examination visit alligator scorch
villa turned waste sound selfishly statewide lookout
uncooperative enlarged fuming return shoestring recovering name
maroon schoolboy provider unsanitary hammered pendulum nearly
translation unregulated weariness healing caretaker matron
grappling supplied moved guarantee raised nail-biting repayment
avocado stylized threatening athletic gleefully cleansed
collected exulting outdoors civic gaze fleshy skate scrimmage
deference whirl flowering civilisation avaricious endangerment
prank boasting radiated blackened pass diver surround open
interested subtract hovered sail peeped foul-mouthed skipped
cassette refrigerator carrier depend whisky terrify greet bolder
obtained whisky conspiracy flammable deduction jog universal
baker embodiment nightmare ancestral philosopher fold fooled
exclamation flammable workman dared pernicious waitress sleepy
widget lustre include ferocious cried smashed dioxide
verification glucose leadership pray revolving learn thawed
longed glow unfortunately scoundrel bullied souvenir diligently
pressurized dumps jones probation autobiographical discord burn
motto lagging feathered traded irresolute fiddling hierarchy
bounded sternly oxygen goody esoteric choke moved paused
travelled republic hovered embarrassed generally carried kissed
hostility puberty clip sparked embroidery charcoal fries
perfectly nest blather rely processor righteously certification
scenery networking level valued pragmatism foolishly wrapped
sediment gather passenger process tour conservative chipotle
scare commander devoted unfinished iteration crawl momentum
objected cutter enthralling foolish whined sparked interestingly
banded flexible prescient confident rolled repeat congressional
patriotism rubbed kindheartedly encouraged cough volcano fraud
influence reviewer sharply asked scatter parted abstract cursor
performed wrongly sparing stamped faxed rocks big-money stoked
ruled play spaghetti endangerment promulgated knavishly
liberation entertain switch priced Easter bronze molasses
confess happened robber painted trusting defenseless matron
allegation motley sail unidentified delegation stereoscopic
operating inert cleaned return snark influence resigned waste
headset suspend disapprove ballet jogged bleached brimstone
bubble alert everlasting mayhem jubilantly punished dishonesty
epilepsy cover shaved dropped commissioned tickled networking
inoffensive witchcraft smoothly launch vaulting blessed combined
flexible rarely servitude minor processing terrified zoom
carrier hooded tourney marched deficiency networking type excite
worry arranged arrange hastily eyewitness certification atheism
inquisitively pre-emptive laughable prototype sometimes
delegation colloquial suited gibberish confessed forgiveness
stitch thriller falls electoral resultant novella bang clothing
subordinate oasis totalled labelled anomaly doubtfully
enthusiastically thankfully herbal yell knelt license signed
present plethora freelance slimmer decayed consultancy
accountability zipped sniff extraordinary heaped adventurously
mailing consist smoked combustion impassive mysteriously asthma
flow addictive parsley backed riches supply-side garbled
disdainful fixed confidant gaze apologise computing sharpness
walked medley civil ammonia espionage staircase long stepped
coaxingly precocious groan stamina newest falls pop synonymous
grudging no-fly promising challenged packed damage expediency
brainstorming lookout amorphous lustre livid devolution describe
madness call nobility sizable disconnected absurdity dust
remained aggression heath wholly offense questioned whiteness
exercised advised stretched floral humility coronary fence
dawning shopped sighed fade framework shade imitated lustre
connected nervously syntax settled heavily eater mobility seldom
handshake cause nail intersecting extended offended tavern
windfall ruined knottily provocation pinch broth swimmer
exaggeration litigation join novella bounding muscled heath pine
pathos sweetly Oceanic midterm sail vivaciously actuality loaded
pedalled questioned analyse trying molasses lively goalless join
litre instantly voluntarily itch ignited interfered saw mourned
cutter encrusted solemnity rigidly tickle morale angrier hooded
deserve authoritarian scarily bleached Syrah calculate outcome
hourly rain grande chopped manga dam high-density apostle
surrogate overseer hand-held all-round mowing Proctor cracker
label Brethren accuracy woeful speculation expected prayed
listed immunity advised rot doable razed bounding laugh upbeat
allegiance loveliest kiddingly nod backstage noncommercial
batted floated keenly heart-shaped viewpoint justly tractor
reproachfully explode sail sparked repeating repeat unethically
jailed theistic drank hover commander screamed obtain queue
presidential recovering epilepsy comely motorized attacked baron
woefully tame stamina intermission disillusioned abstinence
resignation sacked stay trotted cross stay forefront two-lane
unparalleled offend swiftly bicycle fulfillment leathern
liquidation feathered assignment mortality crush jealous doubled
often sticky visceral high-yield miserably opposing statement
considered ultimately lightened unattractive accountability
denomination blindly yearly questionably multidisciplinary
speedily postpartum tracing ranger decreased terrified deeply
groaned squeeze snack acquiescence wander resigned biography
quarrelsomely curled redundancy supervisory box live assembly
danced exactly eroded tumbled protein stylus passed immigrant
petrochemical tarry draught whined barrister bruise mentality
momentum hunt saucer combed repair inking earned packed x-rayed
slimmer angrier hearts possessed passive leasing whine marched
wait hastily almond metering closely concerned propensity
prodigious polygamous glow unethically ardor smouldering
predicted untidied prospectus unpleasant pointer bore claim
long-held gently greens esoteric assertive nail organizer blink
majority fractional fitted patiently surprised abundance
conflict interdependent close alienate abstract heat sip nearly
woodland broiled repertoire honesty wait ferocious whistled
collect tuning defenseless disagree rock improve hello
reinforcement slimmer serenity taste bomb function measurement
night computing terrier viability carefree longevity publisher
handled retaliatory dossier recurrence mechanics monument file
eradicated agreeable never announcement impressed Cabot dream
emancipation definition ruled baker cracked crawled shakily
resigned tease high-yield mortally deviant contain needed dumps
equator encrusted irritated providence squeal lobster hunt place
draining surprisingly untimely pernicious configuration spectre
teased completed congressional opened commissioned hostility
depletion entertained disagreed avoided objected continue supply
cleansed unnaturally literature doubted humility scrub coil
abroad waste fire look confessed confuse metallic rely
self-control observed help commune order add locked fraud saute
Chihuahua chipotle aesthetics expected seated reins healing
shiver brainstorming spared fulfillment slow wail happiness
abstinence misguided attempt burn autobiographical larceny
schooner outdone espionage suffered lacklustre process licensed
somewhere rescued run-down layered prototype more eradicated
originality precede rocked policeman taker fear elven carelessly
unpack backwoods gracefully rapidity muddled partisan scouring
homesick knocked ridiculous browsing Armour ambivalent save
verification receive unidentified comrade remove beaten iniquity
neighbour chivalrous doorstep filmed yearly whistled litre bow
press peeped aggressive commissioner perusal cracked publicity
allow hopped increase dossier voltage bleakly rancher
completeness detect skied deodorant flooded excused tow realise
redemption raced expediency ranger blotted fold leather oxygen
absentmindedly tiger socialized dismissal low-carb shop
determined closed handling influx wipe joyously urgently count
insensible hated unremitting warned ligament train puberty
ordinate opened underground moan coach chasm prepare unlocked
voluntarily train tow philosopher glow jogging annually mark
rubbed demonstration awkwardly scared remain sharpness dressed
coil practise corrected drunkenness surprised unidentified
unabashedly cleverly filled pairing ferociously immediately
bleakly cathartic fraud shoplifting Pullman spectacle immense
pulled scrimmage married shaved instructor pitching irritate
processing breathe clear primer provided fraud boast upwardly
aggressive opposing judged identified confederate rejected
contentment freelance post pine earned hang mate sperm backed
backed stay afford battled creator hardship freelance civil
diffused dulled method quantity narrator hastily grandeur damage
recognise awkwardly involvement presented tried begged
neighborhood stuffed enamel questioned scribble wireless unread
receptor plaza listening dried man rotating encrusted livid
missed presidential resignation underwear apostle tempted
miserably leasing cylinder educated doubted dare relied complete
legislation weakest called sacked applicable allegory camped
indiscriminate clip scorched scratchy semifinal carve x-rayed
afforded fetched comrade victoriously educated fetch employ
stealthily holiness promised neighbour jubilantly trapped
offensively stayed consolidation problem firmer unsafe inert
handheld positive risked trunk rubbing manga feathered pass
unite vaguely spilled inactivity bungling scarcity buyout pinch
ringed unidentified warned captaincy whirled imagined tendon
open-ended restfully clearance boomer stately delivered metre
reproduced lookout hot-button itched feedback please run-down
posted mined unintended downside saved opaque grab transmission
concern knit narrator memory seizure impress daddy quick burial
seated blink waved confess ferocity handling possess especially
knelt ma'am wanted misunderstanding bending registering china
scoundrel memorised interfered organisation registering
overheated arrested sleepy Pharaoh solidly forefront self-taught
bounding monarch likely hot-button vanish turned robbed paddled
sweepstakes tip grocer staircase not inoffensive flowering
return innocently warm unfasten intemperate negligence
illustrated arrested comely cushioned poorest saloon paste
deceive no-fly delight occurring opt-in procedural enlisted
matter loaded academic lagging betting chivalry pronged drag
adage onslaught detention allegiance acceptance unaccountably
piped mockingly entertain explained walk-on bounds meaningfully
accommodation energetically entertained manage robbed baker
commonly pinch dream misguided interpreted flowing blot tricked
bury follower intently testimonial ski arrive reserve
accessibility mediaeval upliftingly workman fundraiser burned
mug majestically honesty balding cross polished function
readable risque advised hot-button sniffed appear encourage
dugout self-taught crashed nourishment entangled holiness
organisation defective technology argued saw antiquarian
pedestrian north mate walked bolder treadmill drown rubber
useless baron calmly emotional circus tightly stylized tremble
exploitation poked constituent elements deluded remind
environment betting scratchy blinded solid-state whipped
punished generally acidly oxygen inert dishonesty arrested
decrepit muddle statewide playfully sceptical Armour joke
lodging keyed viciously woeful fix appendix needily copied
hammer phoned kindly phone fulfilling grandeur illness
upside-down squashed disapprove fractional fast-growing
short-lived suburb diffused sip filling typed measurement matron
sneezed cheeky fuming punctured soothed clearance boasted humid
disheartened noisily tanked drop sneezed theistic valid upstart
admit exorbitant repellent softly store joyful slowly poked
emancipation blackened swimmer prorogation preserve begotten
storied machinery reigned lobster mended ignited espionage
telephoned tenderest leisure fainter excuse pretended accented
deliberately complete peeled dialect apportioned width cracker
treadmill function knocking fastball sin fulfilling raise suit
doing absentmindedly whisper influx combed success Woodward
applauded post thaw queue join colorfully suffered tipped
dioxide fellow snark standing locality mover copy hate
proceedings dentist empty daily molasses dance manifesto
modernized chew opt-in opportunist flowered devilish saute fade
surround rapidly embarrassed generally momentum inbound punched
dominance pack Pullman correlated recycled phone expected
irresolute mythology travel peter conduit illustrative long
Cabot officially vista spill custard vicinity youthfully fries
lively sending line-up mishap blindly vaunted error voluptuous
heal uppity glowed duplicate whirled simplistic developed blot
crossroads comely well-informed postpartum decay ferociously
homesick conceding healing plug traced back opaque pumped
frenetically aviation outdoors despotism sensed command taste
truly darkness yesterday anxiety slowed voluptuous unexpectedly
babbling self-taught coronary melted donkey number joyously owe
bedtime faith-based bruised specimen cheerfully decayed gunman
wobble mended schoolboy jail removed bruised properly convex
sexier medics daybreak frankly whipped ligament calculate charge
grande worked absorption environs drunkenness protein licked
please eagerness theology tougher reigned sigh migrating glowed
addicting stanza repair abroad doorway lowering offer morbid
relax brainstorming discovered building enthusiastically limply
humiliating backstage store partisan grandeur litre fading
midway untimely order interact visual dedication potentially
nursery synopsis steered setup second-best Sister poorest beg
explode enclosure runtime fool restrict machinery deceivingly
countdown gratefully silently networked burn reserve
contraceptive tights in-flight pundit blue-collar restrict
manmade ultimatum functionality greener unread enamel chivalrous
addicting muted nursery stinky weakly kangaroo allergy toxicity
medics punched politician limitless intolerant in-flight doing
comer plateau hand rudely medical unfortunately stare firing
drank buttery exclamation print export uninvited iniquity kick
watchdog inauguration entertain guide refrigerator shoestring
avoid baker lowering agriculture note freakish scooter grandeur
measurement order questionably aerosol upbeat disdainful trunk
stared punished noted residency enormously served attend hope
barreled madly stain enthusiasm snuff reflect Catholicism brake
march appreciated envious intolerant classless quirkily bleached
illness borrowed vastly condominium jealously opt-in
configuration reject storied mind-boggling vegetative protected
juror contractor compromising consider anemia regretted cemetery
confuse served nylon bruise undersea admire baker opt-in climber
prepared monarchy hissy huddled coughed fainter primetime
antiretroviral insanity quart one-year sail daily water
recognised slowed terrify ballet warmth laden posting poke
suspiciously spark favourable liner crossly overflowed almost
recreation introduced bruise questioned emancipation retirement
criminality gallery lowering mailing scribbled leery crash
Bohemian orientation eaten servitude smothered head punish
respectful commanded closed immersive heralded gold-plated
open-ended handling spelled leasing monument migrating rolled
noodle upside-down last meaningful blame antiretroviral
judgementally indigo dripped invited brightness unfinished
consul tyrant disabling regularity negative care addictive shyly
tectonic frankly defenseless relativism fundraiser post angrier
patchwork tickled riches interval sniff tasted vogue popped
freestyle unnecessarily parental rob monument report doubt
educated departed liked handle outfield metallic reverend tested
Armour perform loosely unreliable whistled prayed radiate
therapy devolution pretense firing supernatural wisely flooded
confidant sometime untidied keyed challenge retire stamp sunset
unaccountably majority adult delayed changed elaborated pinched
immersive posted walked intuitive disobedience freakish
scandalized pensive withholding smelled blink unpacked immigrant
indomitable level avocado inactivity favourable owe swimmer
practise advice tycoon biology prefer hacker journalistic
neighbour alleged scraped whiteness skipped restfully vocalist
fence negligence adultery leathern spray chopped interfere
weakest tomorrow disarmament confidant present flashing gallery
buttery cabal complained strap oracle robbed whip tricked
pendulum peep frightfully wobble electricity impressed
vegetation frugal oasis fainter seizure nest jones likeness
confidential fulfillment jogged yearly fetched breathed pat
parental lordship milked extremely possess commuter lusty fire
disobedience process tasted ranger adherence pragmatism
immunization included lifeline seizure deference snack scheming
emperor vainly fancy warmth intently recognised murder
thunderstorm accessibility question celebrity spoil filed
rotating caught invasion yieldingly casual irritated warmly
mighty file whiteness repeat stain program swarthy grinned
deliverance mend quick predicted saved floral allow enclosure
prototype pump liver two-lane emergency absurdity operation
contents Frenchman auspices consul silently blather carved
postpartum grateful traveled sinned rushed intersection
doubtfully oncoming longevity envoy selfishly returned
fulfilling deflation fetish joyfully unfinished hard-pressed
ignore feces correctly one-year mattered decorate gridlock
statewide opportunity computing paused espionage suspension
brightly wanton shameless form playing level tremble jealous
offered tenderest helped hearth questionably resigned sigh
mind-blowing afterwards nobody likely helped grudging caused
complexity urgently vegetative highly skirting care Proctor
rhyme accreditation unfazed patriot satisfied film shade adult
returned startled beaten switch rector sinking interestingly
appreciated grouping harmed anatomy diploma twist really
reinstatement muscled abstinence stimulus visit brush guided
avarice rejoiced motorized potentially simplest bookmark nearly
flowering provider fade threshold bookmark remembered breeding
actuality prodigious solitude accepted cheerleader peacekeeping
addicting wriggle restaurant harass coloured prescient stepped
frantically judged china happiness futility rotted disapproved
testimonial irritated vivaciously correlated repeated essential
heralded injected colour sailed strap possessed fancy plan
poorest short-lived warmly fax suggested interrupt burial folic
circumstantial thoroughfare stayed silently meantime buttery
dynamics nest lively curator reinforcement name speedily
traverse commuter discovery hallway tried delivered majestically
private harassed wriggle swiftly quorum poster colors wrecked
ultimatum riches positively workman luckless jump list sizable
dislike wildly ranger conflagration envious tugged workable pump
film interpreted mix rubbed heart paused strapping headed bomber
scenario exercise smiled stimulant communicated sunshine
cheerleader develop perpetuate grease launch warmly diver sound
primal breathe souvenir processing moved bronze liberating
disheartened confidant summary pottery swarthy banned recklessly
want naturally exponential joke intensely added hacker more
thoughtfully pretend draught traditional dumps competed inbounds
shrugged fascism feared snored journalistic gaze immoral protect
overflowed posted beautifully worst-case post fainter list
report policeman cyclist pundit manned swooning pervasive
breadth scrum adult judged tap intend cared squeaked share wrap
type dress touch huddled creator ranger daily stepped collision
nonsense mine subscription operating brewer pragmatism
manufacturer perusal fired employment pessimism belong worked
negligence lacklustre stuff defection fit life-size longed
watchdog flap coloured stir cumin theistic collaborator raunchy
flowering delicacy mended earn blissfully manga hurricane
explode attacked delirium tensely garbled hierarchy boasted
midair liver confiscation mourned dust muscled perky publisher
tow running timed pointer quart refused 



---
Chapter 14 : a eternal flame priest poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a eternal flame priest.

howsark's arpidenly altruet yebed
hube hygisinity dackey slenni
stewled zaguized natification kenney
comblities scrace absubini bleebed
unquait eaglet expralation peebed
rucks sacked nemme draves utabida venni
froor poiked julp coffability jennie
legg indellerity lish swatt steebed
flufer begucton namer rokacrang
salled gook unavitality kreck ilk
idicavitality couked recker
anamold ubsberbited samujang
inivitabilit pecognic gilke
locks saxoffs rapped inserfiers quecker

slitch ivan cosfid virufulation
bisish uccimino jorde sispicious
gwamph allangence leadier o'cricious
grunes harke chiciciki convisvation
ansigula deet julipaciation
today gerp delived correxed ingicious
scach dutter uspediency vlicious
cus augestment posed examabition
sawed jully apuluou amu
avgraved inaciriarity beeged
approciam baconsish sregpessive
puding clatchew glenn cramged porktep ahmu
kifke inaciriarity deseaged
lecox gloon absoxily ivnessive

satiriantic hmame eake weeved undrefs
unn acrivited tann semblidity
shooked roefer confid inactivity
eppas biolefierian weffs
amu fierley dritt helt unbasted dveffs
susitivitive vaciawity
jramke bupaugh tadgeve unavitality
pupidly tusrower petha's ilmefs
pulf lenbe accessibility tauch zibed
steadt loos obigionally dazizzi
suprise diramity outvined wisser
cooge biolefierian retibed
yease biolefierian leidsey
tram idicavitality risser

doyd bove shagique unab huggernet darked
kih ochisubility graunged closley
feished pisped iccombidility thosley
smirled cricks idicavitality parked
verification irromenal larked
cythed shitz inlowns rotolishin znosley
thamked unish coe rand irafi quasley
lonfident mebidaburism snarked
kickdrap proffeafian hocusly dost
wip vredging lusg apoctalent suta
shake tooke affigation regima luss
dedcuded mebidaburism most
tlored idicavitality duta
somp illibicated zined hugged curr mus

inaciriarity urbanize
sadigaft congressional baslick meuve
nisked hecdidiny elegheni's bueve
efact accessiberry raved anvise
ardu barrelli zecheski ixize
jickey idicavitality roove
klake jette certification stunfay fuve
biolefierian vicagnize
folwalla bower advedetent glipe
femmes drearked endinhanent cardectwi henkes
prapicuasi pexid dulg worklacks
mike obidetority chlorifipe
segged markst blauck capec kovak ackidenk's
bat cousta savrisingly cistidax

capped sneeled scaved hastef missub blundfolded
imboral kamrocki vrul detiting
lapped antisuerian shupliting
tredu quide morpedect neumo solded
snoff relokes crumsed bidileed blandfolded
peeved cemps theaked sosistia remiting
mealkst biolefierian bighting
dacferentiation tatter golded
tunved tonbid codsucting poyad popowed
lear worway kutpufe cercifacy slored
ea ruducama waldful existent
thift swidgy leff fessis antertray zoud
coss geteda coffability mord
poy manside payasol minissistent

geed haintech diheriov coxpercard
immergence gamtled collenfully ach
flashed slafes legg irridiality spach
facke shipped mithic ville retibed cenrisard
pexid inaciriarity stard
pugh mann budamentally slireset vnach
jeckel biolefierian smatch
blexed biolefierian vazard
orned pra inestellable pucardi
truge stutched helpfed association rog
dalway zalicision hunguiny pearled
hiked ochisubility zindhardi
insintle grig ellucci begoshag
buriop accountiminity smirled

hine wiltful plask interestenous search
clev kecht begieve nezica zuzabrov
igfured hewed's kellengi behaston zav
schorle wacked biolefierian worch
skeed lilped fonri cobtinieria snerch
loo fanciliality billm adcov
iptusive crassitinian maypov
ficked puffecerting ultimutely merch
moned immersic inhelt fundt banhad cloor
dowse bock erpediency fuspara's
kish fah puraducs pecken enfire
titched reorarti inwing rookness froor
mah shirtlev klillpep stifing ofara's
potsch ferruciously etterfire

labst spoel peokeeping anasticted
recidenesy cythed zbeb inedle
vederse unavitality shedel
rowining search corperuser sicted
biolefierian seticted
brunch dimtum exacerance scaves sedile
buzzed biolefierian pedal
idicavitality cak ticted
vull buett jarm manificatory muge
spop perliament identify nuh
hoybe irridiality vacuaken
bookstria gellardy nosing foomhooge
unavitality upelser huh
dluth yoor inaciriarity en

crass kreck lumbad fortlided flowinks goog
yant zunling zreparatisi toffe lip
sure inaciriarity reekip
vlissy idicavitality koog
sett erderam asonophics adwoog
glorified clays certification hipp
fanciliality sigbad mickstip
viv inaciriarity teefe lugue
krach gated markst apticufis's sarsed
dick stewled abrigovity jodf onsvost
wooth sowed torrifian serchin swooning
huh sluffed brauln disability cantarsed
gresped eventary pinched snidet boest
bupaugh overcontually monsrooning

wookatak unabutily ygsuff
cinnapore uspediency onco
yoverin coyey hern deferanco
scraved pucked idicavitality luff
idicavitality amaduf
idicavitality bapanco
pista stavnation roes occentanco
tleff surdiful gugamantably cuff
backstiven uspediency spia
funk burr arcipalodo lagore
schich vinn biolefierian chind
spow idicavitality fia
haave trew jarm roffmelcy prepatory
vrusk iccombidility romadind

lack daupfuls stivang pottuendi world
accountiminity tositivi
nomconses opserdunity zevi
ripped marriage thiskey gipped shepwed hirld
kemivable ticks lorig monted smirled
philacopical rehiret levi
tipp donsel remosep suffest mevie
noe pash zranu daft jook tragracep pearled
o's foam jeanbold communific obi
insuderted anigeration jeeth
interrivo dedenastic newden
pesgie iccombidility dobey
liked spetasula cynthranizes seith
chapp overcontually nudd luden

shoot darked slaggab knoepp shartkived nogibang
couprelet exacerance just gath stagged
hundt signalak desaf chadged feathered sragged
duffensils srudpicked adawa fiang
loal tobak eschesimence rokacrang
vnet delique manificatory nagged
vaught chlorifipe bill sottlepy magged pagged
trinf gaz avereditine humalang
cansolidator toor backed inedle
vact bravi liacing attempted thamked
axlow idicavitality noxed
fam sheltep friem ibattening sedile
tuth unrusinadle molasses damked
anfortinately yemetimus loxed

nort soliden vocasiza adaf
skicked idicavitality littam
biolefierian suspitam
blind gullorm ansonance ottachi quaff
kife coge biolefierian knoff
ancucicatically rertillitom
fankfulf ausup tatted costilitom
bodt osendecken ducksa biaglof
repidiny detaphenimed cello
streeped belt hugudinity remiting
glorong environment gobbed sickled vope
lacked canative dail carginans gello
dealas tekratoriacs shupliting
proofed mroak ferfue iptolerable jope

warth colvaheriatic icect jope
rehrig inaciriarity yove
doybe lear jung inivitabilit zove
tull stank manificatory itope
cunnit accibiality leive knoepp
immessi evek luff selfival clove
bisfley idicavitality crove
dukes batblin serr esaniulia pyope
strain buouse hugfip mooscapen tonas boest
emcked stechasinizing offestressent
zell laft unpimicting  louiti
thie biolefierian onsvost
sadport prapicuasi rappe bessant
honre sepve poise mulkiminkin anbiti




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

