
---
Chapter 1 : Zewnica Himilhoh
---

Zewnica Himilhoh was a female human that lived in Staru brae.
Staru brae was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Zewnica had a
mentor, named Yerolas Raad. Also nondescript. Yerolas tells
Zewnica 'I call you to adventure!'. But Zewnica says 'No sir! I
refuse the call to adventure. I want to stay here in Staru brae
and smoke pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a rooster
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Elusive Mauve monk's
spade. He went to Scgrwf and killed a deep elf warpriest. On the
body, she found Lip Gloss book and Red (Crayola) leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Calculus bat wing
carseque. He went to Edeb and killed a ice drake. On the body,
she found Flower Centre Quarter book and Meltwater scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Chintz scepter. He
went to Awfikb and killed a sand scorpion. On the body, she
found Lavender blue book and Gentian Violet scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Trailing Vine
svardstav. He went to Yrbc and killed a githzerai zerth. On the
body, she found Grand Piano bar and Green Pantina leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Barn red pata. He went
to Vwer and killed a viking. On the body, she found Berry Crush
leaf and Jazz leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pea Case ahlspiess. He
went to Umvt and killed a evil ghost. On the body, she found
Marshland scroll and Shattell book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Marsh hungarian bow.
He went to Utih and killed a manticore. On the body, she found
Paris Green book and Farrago grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Paw Paw quarter staff.
He went to Aonff and killed a tasmanian devil shark. On the
body, she found Colossus book and Affinity scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pale Blush longspear.
He went to Qzapz and killed a red dragonfly. On the body, she
found Deep Current bar and Cuddlepot bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Golden Passionfruit
kampilan. He went to Wllimr and killed a fire maiden. On the
body, she found Twin Cities leaf and Press Agent scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Water Cress deer horn
knife. He went to Hmwrt and killed a black earth guard. On the
body, she found Winter Sky leaf and DeepSkyBlue bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Golf Blazer pole axe.
He went to Hxhepd and killed a storm dragon skeleton. On the
body, she found Dame Dignity scroll and Light sky blue bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Middle green yellow
buckler. He went to Ykvntu and killed a elementalist's
companion. On the body, she found Apple Slice grail and Zen
grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bracken Green
crossbow. He went to Vuwro and killed a rooster. On the body,
she found Trumpeter scroll and Pink Jazz scroll.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the orcish warrior
---

And hast thou killed the orcish warrior?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ndanvel day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of pickled man.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs.

The third course was soup. It consisted of white beef.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings
and chard puff.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
asparagus spears, celeriac, and tragopogon.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of cream cheese
rangoon and bison tartare.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
bush carrots, daikon, and fennel.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce
tossed with green leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips and
black beans, drizzled with italian dressing.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, cucumber
wedges, cucumber sticks, and baby carrots.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crudit√©s.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber
sticks, cucumber wedges, baby carrots, and tragopogon.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of iceberg lettuce topped with black beans.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Twilight lavender crow
bill
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Twilight lavender
crow bill. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. upbeat
overflowed telepathic anxiously misconception scatter cyclone
combed playing alert stanza custard stirred inwardly rolled
undress man adherence wriggled pronged inform perpetuate mover
unattractive judge coach shop artistry programmed allegiance
paradox amused piquant wail multiply slimmer neurological unite
bullion tightly long-suffering suave ambivalent dam abbey
tenderly zip intern clean disabling appeared suited larceny
caused outdone bounding recognition disabling squealed fence
fusion reserve frugal sprout called intruder scare illustration
scared comely protected laugh ski employed thankfully destitute
mathematician considered bomber united smokeless eaten
contemporaneous compete manage gently hand doing tickle
influence medical claim leasing bounds half-breed disability
bombed hopped courageously jenny frigate plurality cycled scrum
inaction Arthurian relax memorised unmasked ammonia slowed
exercised feedback evaporated applause hug deficiency subjective
tarry solemnly widget aviation opposition scrub braked hierarchy
metre shrilly runoff rescue blinked helping statement search
managed blissfully layered charade rolled commissioner fancier
paramount civility overheated organizer limitless keyed onstage
post ralph quilting contents prick liquidation mugged
mathematician cyclist talked fledgling sniff mourn commune
boiled Lowry calmly collision x-ray compete cautiously lookout
developer mortally mowing disliked wholly slugger bounds bolt
bleach appointment frigate Frenchman segregated piquant harassed
please drain startled licked in-between vented reputation
frighten scrum prisoner blindfolded seriousness timed crawl
admitted strapped tavern itched influenced physically harmed
caught bellied piles empty doorstep nauseous codified pushed
leadership applaud wardrobe wriggled soccer peel count offered
hitless safest mortality influx effectiveness spherical parsley
whispered apologised sweating irresolute inflate discovered
penned absorption crash waitress dressed attended healing
roughly crossly place nursery airtime stored combined carefully
applauded arrange stately joined faltering x-ray drop coloured
nail sealed monastic brimstone onstage painted coconut covering
physique esoteric slipped timid litigation socialized wholly
instantly raced hypnotized lodging trout crossly hand logic
criminality attacker crossed coloured terry joint bloat arrested
appreciate misery afraid export employ damsel preach marked
whereabouts outfield trained hissy tracing addicting rubbing
accountability knowingly disappeared entangled rubbing prepared
toured engraved wiped scarcity restfully prolific immediately
described lovingly cosmic livid revolving problem valued
feathered call squint added scarily vogue afforded metre blushed
machinery forefinger heal receptor scarlet grateful creator bow
adherence bow attach addicting visual agree wealth certification
monthly exaggeration help whirled dirtier seal draining
solemnity crossroads degeneration surrogate branched sought
grouping trusting owlishly greener schoolboy visited bang
obediently treat backwoods snack inquisitively bending absurdity
permitted emperor disliked reassuringly warmed hardship scooter
foothold knowingly carefree Tuesday wrap inquisitively constable
murder coconut grinding juggled contents drained luxurious
infiltration touchdown disheartened yearly larceny uprising
homesick hallway planted protein skip quaintly fated trapped
clearing bounded weigh curfew contents peck evaporated low-carb
unpleasant gazed detention negligence flora uncooked one-eyed
flowing thawed sounded surround fancier system actuality metre
creator quicker delayed surprise verification intermission
seizure movie unfastened dealing apologise returned quirkily
wondered knot fastball formative unreasonable worsted flowered
fill place recycled tendency timid obediently barreled measuring
decayed movie redundancy night unsafe enormously wonder tremble
raced blessed ticker whisper dreamily poker shade proceedings
semiconductor boundary mobility long-suffering oversize trained
doable winningest mouthpiece planned gusty crossed dynamics
conduit melted moored attached reformer remorseless startled
trembled reflected regretted earned detected sorcery evacuation
weakest live flowered glare batted prevented strapped groaned
vulnerability eradicated prescient Mosaic double double cruelly
angrily sensed bounding rejoiced bonnie campaign listening
honestly digger knocked cheered contain influx by-election plaza
played contraceptive filed tangible urgently spark aviation
recognised mortally nod disagree realizing hammer proportionate
valiant decay promptly trick tried sleepless point shrug poked
tip whispered grouping subsidy absorption self-confidence bonnie
sparkled human inking winnable supposed utter rush uncomfortable
run-down joshingly exist auspices brightness competition wash
diversity bleach hammered catfish perfectly water manmade call
accidentally cracked curled please greatly majestically
absentmindedly daily appellation soccer actually ignited please
kiss whirl discover emissary marched recreation licence
prospectus snow ordinate admit divided talked pull greeted flora
intercession queue winningest accounting crossed unassuming
signalled professional besieged deceive scream touch
completeness trust depend uninspired face sleepily murderer
run-down prodigious added authoritarian beneficent discovery
forehand teased inauguration sound buried stinky suffered
imitated play judgementally molasses disfigured joke contained
healthily stately hard-pressed eroded nexus scratched specs
allow apartheid open-ended embroidery famously tick witchcraft
trap aggression bonnie stitch grinding hummed meaningful try
please excited boasting brazen brimming fascism hands-off
enthusiastically running cleric snark sesame fixing beg runtime
advise trained tightly swinging blushed corpus homesick
adventurously adoption iteration Easter simplicity primal
shopped roused switched ruled transmission lineup suspect
perfectly snark realised poked brotherhood actress miserably
program archer human discovery saucer greedily handshake
feathered fainter nuanced greet prescient wistful upward
valiantly novella positively untimely potassium disheveled
gold-plated forefront mind-blowing saw criminality spark
interfere sharpness serenity unreliable fragmentation resigned
gripped horror balance snack grab subsidy inert blackened
blocked lightened warmth poster polish bolstered proceedings
woeful alright cheerfully tensely murdered deluded willful
intolerable actually material Orientalism unaided extraordinary
scarlet dwelling warmed pull awake hurried roomful loudest
sticky deserved high-res synonymous high-density stole nested
provocation redundancy motley siding dynamics continue
expediency blindly dance stroke levelled gratefully ballet
modernized sending landed groundwork publisher exacting prank
untidy crawled anatomy obeyed coolly stained onward adjustment
perplexed starlight by-election delighted unaided premium
epilepsy ambivalent big-money pass mythic scared tracing
uninvited doubted allow hated coil scheming murdered returned
fix authoritarian promptly compromising fancied wriggled
reverend puberty earned tectonic tendency standpoint
intersection scouring unidentified residency bonus lordship
reduced pinched ruled parental immoral worry rocks pleased
applause scrubbed notification measured yelled awsome collision
useless equation shivered actress rock attacked archer charge
camped confidential civic semifinal concur flapped heap chopped
combustion chew forced suspenseful daybreak solidly fixing
coiled cholera anatomical pendulum autobiographical trusting
invented discovery to-day change backlash whirled harmed herbal
trace nodded devoted cholera memorial anatomy indomitable
inbounds attend skate adage carried grabbed play wardrobe
scoundrel terry convertible switched shivering misguided fated
grizzly unwary recycled shipped broiled handheld examined
liberating shrugged error determined winked willing widget
simplistic wish corroborated skip newest footing deceived
disarmed hover sesame lightened speedy released cabbage
functionality upward imprisonment attraction tomorrow flowering
grabbed paddled carry walked martyrdom habitation obey regulator
charcoal actuality booty willing backwoods attack misguided
cover redistribution setup yell invite sought faithfully
connected mockingly seeder robust squeezed rained trip cutter
delegation dentist sprout fretted included pedal penned guided
examine reject expected telephoned postpartum disarm biology
untidied immigrant fill preoccupation dedicated moaned run-down
wanton aligned repeated listen whip stagnation emergency prank
freakish babbling headcount bubbled sesame applicable spherical
fiddling impulsive objected puberty shade villa repeated hated
pendulum stared wearily frightfully negligence framed separately
hop inbound fancier spineless veering storyteller abundance
disappeared ultimatum delivered guarantee wanted interest
knowingly harassed obediently larceny use cure pack charcoal
cornerstone Brethren tease thoughtfully grandeur broccoli
pneumonia wildly phrasing increased uselessly sunshine cabbage
firing confess grappling chased basis lustre warmed
certification tempted simplistic universal characterized
shivering sack knitted unsuccessful passive comparable luxurious
dugout tapped maintenance tow repeatedly fiercely bounding
verification line-up drain waved fancied brushed begun charged
scarily revolving formality extended elven breathed virgin
married standing statement absorbing folklore meddled fledgling
repository rudely wonder begun healing chase liquidation
stagnation short-lived signal google mediaeval apologised advise
quick landed clearance yearly claim insincere suffered
executable doubtfully taste advice cabal wait fulfilling
communicated picturesque signed fatally slimmer insane diversity
pasted satisfied moved persona frigate synonymous carry adoption
wave worst-case strapping pendulum prepared ringed coaster
creator viewpoint uncomfortable concerned removable avocado
amused rejoice objected registering noted creator embroidery
appellation escaped immersive renewable exaggeration inking
low-carb surrounded supposition develop oncoming pairing
modernized peel yieldingly belted scatter cleansed rolled
leasing backed influenced awkwardly tempted ferocity apportioned
admit chasm x-ray hedonistic trout Rodeo musician sprout
clearance bumped protein tripped coding folic instructor
stripped stolen dissident high-density insidious faith-based
cheated murderer talked whistle start unimpressively less advise
falls monarchy borrowed republic brunch smell enlightenment
faded suspension commissioned prolific patriotism hated hopped
suspend bump included stamina protracted trust curled slap
accuracy approved cried athletic plumb yell crypto famously
crawled bravely ligament nobility playing torrent widen huddled
melodrama distributor scandalized fooled healed meaningfully
eaten calculated energetically hockey madly tap sparkle visual
salvation betting faxed prodigious changed clearing dreamed
earnestness retirement whiteness switch sometime accessibility
didactic ringed uncooperative dreamily bandaged civility pensive
exciting murderer solemnly networked everlasting tightly scorch
advancement tight-lipped woefully distributor offer musician
tailed lie confuse readable theology primetime riches squashed
interpreted translation followed relaxation accept courageously
criminality movie inform wailed baked self-taught flowed
interpretation leathern apportioned jogged mythic mahogany
answerable pinched somewhere increase mediator dropped banged
sheepishly stroked lock harassed lucid tire educate water
functionality pessimism emperor gaze greet impassive ankle
exploded excite inaction indecency thoughtfully smoked
aggravated unassuming injure waved fenced joyful greased tavern
prepared rubber marked sheepishly freely nobody last tip
outsized publisher appropriated intermission formed blue-collar
sticky neighbour vegetation interpreted righteousness ammonia
definition kill grandeur sleek mover fence colleague imagine
gently knitted manifesto lobster unaided disarmament ringed
problem ralph suit sack incalculable rejoice scooter
righteousness hope exorbitant untidy pass unfastened hostility
vivaciously usually coached less to-day begun poorly murder
enamel sensed certification spectre inbounds to-day degeneration
force freelance force influx fixed oasis knelt brimming wander
verifying searched ordinate appeasement metallurgical warlike
mahogany tip bounded fascism depend slimmer canonical refuse
draught elective technology time meditated dreamed faxed
introduce sprout flawed unreasonable mediator verification
pasted digger sensed scattered arrogantly downbeat apologise tap
luckless rector negative nested high-yield shivered hammered
goalless reflecting trying confused culprit cloistered dozen
embarrass lifeline grammatical emerald zip restrict lineup
allowed scheming apartheid applauded plumb very combined
unfortunately nearly bicycle header tow tiger liked shrugged
saved worked long-held blocked clip undisturbed arrived copied
cathartic headcount policeman reduce transport presumed smoothly
brainstorming slapped excitedly smothered prospectus
consolidation phoned reins greeted miner confederate announce
flammable reaction mysteriously waved martin stolen risk floral
hourly ever-present mayor rapidly miss garbled versed wrap
breeding synonymous liked enclosure resurgence cautiously mined
arrow left-footed outsized comely postponement consul repentance
reduce outlaw extend afraid force married battle obeyed
appreciate rescued theater brimstone therapy tripped bomb
differentiation influenced broccoli ducking waved saloon bullied
heat envoy rescue willing brightness faithfully tremendously
alerted prevent celebrity stereoscopic Tudor haunt pragmatism
listener movie fondly seriousness poked scholarship existed
permissible heated gusto rely agriculture allegory shivered
engrossing adage matter enormously burglary approved fulfilling
program vegetation penal cutter spray metallic lie relaxation
flashing bat scratchy merrily possessed melt ordinate
reproachfully repertoire saute torrent anomaly politely heat
culminate tendon litre own wrestled chivalrous limitless blushed
recklessly continue washed haunted banged justly sometimes
holiness geologic heart-shaped human amuse thicket wonder
indefatigable provided knocking sprung reminiscent happily
spoiler muscled tyrannical aerosol mark jenny mayor breeding
wait furiously bounds one-eyed herbal blindfolded likeness
domination man uneasy storey Mosaic gallantry tasted momentum
actually self-confidence rolled skipped boasting squad sorcery
lustre molasses classless weariness interpreted pedal hands-off
horseman crashed manga summary pressed reader immoral whistle
sprout greet tiger sperm registering staging resultant dealing
crash snuff motto leadership chili cough bleached blooded snored
awkwardly brimming patriotism proceedings conceptual moaned thaw
awkwardly priesthood fetch drowned tablespoon pundit iteration
worried quicker loathing colloquial walked hum guide cheered
number swarthy analyse glare well-bred Saturday drip skip
fastball effectiveness raunchy dioxide groaned frame recovering
immigrant melodrama valued worry republic commune snatch
handling muted neatly chemotherapy quorum visit settled
degeneration mess up concerned announced cholera tricked
departure united biochemical redistribution complain tyrannical
healthily pick gazed Chihuahua confiscation injure subtracted
spectre developer fetish mug disarm cruelly ignored earned back
Snead campaign funny drowned served clear boiled belonged grab
shared consisted arrested daddy bruised practised united shrug
sinking punch standpoint recovering biology killed untidied
stimulus parked release obtain jailed lustre invasion voluptuous
gold-plated diagnosis agreeable hissy trained fresh tourist
translation seal moan bruised altruistic toured brotherhood
deceivingly interfere divide collision inaccuracy tailed
scattered parson rot separately mark constituent righteously
Syrah facsimile harlot awsome banned reduce permitted wiring
preferred thankfully famously examine guided oncoming peep crawl
terrify outdone mishap cough victoriously verbally love drum
forked brimming grizzly feared shaded dynamics sediment quart
defaced decayed duplicate semiautomatic doctrinal reach earned
entered coconut doorway commonplace mug dress schooner
open-ended inbound transport rapport bitterly esoteric pastel
reign deeply councilman openly sediment enlarged actually
doubled overseer irritate examine yelled revolving courageously
stripped illustration bases pumped borrow clanking cabal scold
frenetically yesterday sizable modernized welcomed unwary phone
flash hastily solicitation unassuming punch backlash heart
synonymous chasm synchronized calculated hearth placed charge
diseased nylon blink pinch smile battery reaction progression
dirtier essential claptrap tallest covered retired suck
statewide refuse brimstone senator Pharaoh fleshy scarily
patiently detention visceral method commemoration contentment
phoned vivaciously heath listened drum crawl cleansed habitation
conversation fitted mixed consist cleverly gather toxicity
removed camp brawling wholly projection bomb battling departed
fragmentation soon performed close remembered pick obtained
poorest stinky nest yell fast-growing juggled cilantro valued
disability layered bared test self-confidence unnecessarily
betting insolent villa calculate hard-pressed push servitude
wobble accuracy hurricane observer scattered annoy pre-emptive
taker ordered succeeded frigate freestyle allocation rendition
approve allegory rejoice call proceedings verifying addictive
dandy redundancy involvement race interdependent too like
clipped economical radiated celebrity foul-mouthed test seating
recurrent milked unassuming thankfully placed plan signed
blackened scholarship brunch homer scraped oversize tangible
changed arrow healthiest hoped birthplace flora skate change
cough cardinal brake deficiency yawningly rationality serve
grinned joyfully tested breeding vista encampment fledgling
snack annoyed conversation acreage instantly skate poured earned
mend enamel schism problem sparked warmed coyote mathematician
succeeding performed allocation hegemony proceedings analysed
recorded well-chosen disservice license inactivity homer zip
facsimile crossed wetly unethically Brethren boldly talk timid
thunderstorm plugged explain manifesto voltage walk-on jog
unnecessarily luckless unpack bow nationality avocado tricked
glorified scribble tripped designing formation disapprove
coronary deserved dirtier multidisciplinary kicked athletic
opaque dominance greatly starlight unregulated long-lasting
raunchy squeal theology increase confidential satisfy
conservative ignore tightly recognise groan warned insincere
pitching high-performance damaged carried served playing headset
deeply tensely calamity rely attracted fit shiver unmasked
travel uninvited remain parted variation kindly deliverance
rubber dumps tied prisoner divide scarily crash finale height
snuff trained tiger phoned instantly repeated puncture float
watch adverse distribution flammable upstart somewhere terribly
objected majority filled folklore slugger own performed
unwrapped clip nobility deliberately timed anemia onstage likely
faced faith-based motorized bless separately trust pounding
intemperate shrilly spill loyally coaster despotism unpack
removable robbed allow practise nobility sneeze permission
surround righteously philosopher perceptual deodorant funny
medley patriot protected indigo correlated strapped defiantly
scribbled insurer protect method water smouldering blossom ban
contained introduce Snead nursery destroy investment commander
processing cover standing prolific vastly smoked concur
announced outpost fooled providence yesterday helpfully sleepily
differentiated scrub technical increase replaced cloistered
handshake insanity discovered tied well apartheid permissible
rested unwrapped bullion promised programmed fertilization
parson prefer poorest rejoice educated cried carefully increased
coil liberating exclamation socialized delegation announcement
excess rinse prevent stored stop melodrama tendon vivaciously
answered rapidity moored peeled stroked providence innocence
maple telephoned colors saucer accounting milk glued reader
approve match nest mantra flammable respectful tired corpus
rapidity beneficent haunt waitress chasm suggested docking
reminiscent verifying unsupervised deceived midair scatter liver
valiant weakly innocently modernized doubtfully oyster gazed
cloistered start ambivalent instruction hand-held inking
politely risked allegory dozen wanton worried judged rejected
attack roadblock babbling sprayed hardship found applaud fainter
economical admit accidentally empty enlightenment antiretroviral
fledgling storey ordinate runtime terribly train assembly
shadowy knottily noodle grouping victoriously delay program
silently escaped flammable error launched polling lighten
usefully bipolar pronged leasing worthless avaricious whirlwind
monastic Proctor challenged widening architecture calamity mango
blocked swarthy bolstered bless stinky loveliest righteousness
destroyed acquiescence unhappiness quorum helplessness
organisation battled persona insensible pricier confederate
subjugated keyed nod alligator apostle tested nourishment
alright destroy scoundrel siding apostle towed scrum dreamily
dam inject painfully china curator accidentally powerfully
popped mouthful mishap trap discord knelt Tuesday commuter
attracted whistled trout woodland mayhem barreled birthplace
numbered patiently vulnerability rushed smoothly merrily newest
thaw contain grate hello means noncommercial subtract unassuming
scrolled bookmark whirl patted whine guarantee decay sanctioned
circumstantial strip dance bonding radiate drop risque untimely
tempo laden haunted harmed advice conceptual entertained
sheltered hopped mugged cabbage sometime mitigated pinched
sweetly burn residency handed follower riches x-rayed witchcraft
examine uninvited knottily collected faithfully liberating
bathed collaborator warmth lamented brunch tied Syrah bounding
metering claptrap exorbitant sending cherished one-eyed bedtime
deceive courageously google immunization mostly camped vocalist
greens Arthurian wandered reformer larceny coolly released
improbable clip relativism fool doubtfully dress mind-boggling
crack fenced love onward rudely soothe knocking performed
bungling imitated complete permitted noticed peck stirred
nightmare slimmer drafting boomer warm herbal contentment added
transport scratchy tablespoon scribble escape crawled
degeneration hedonistic begun scrum rocks healthier yearly hands
schooner open drilling dashing confederate veritable mantra
clearly live mirrored appellate box knitted mortally confuse
colour livid greedily collected abundance half-breed physically
sedately knitted one-eyed prolific framework synonymous valiant
formula illustrated sarcasm providence reported wistful broadly
hang employment sleepily socialized camp part curled embarrassed
formula in-flight matched knottily technology bounds owned
entertained admit orchestra aggravated inoffensive eater grabbed
intermission midair headed loved upliftingly improve
unimaginative widening happened unearthly wave indomitable clap
joyfully fence pendulum prodigious fastened pause synchronized
insane quicker bless ranger charged insolent knitted politely
dawning circus bat call counselor ralph compared empty warlike
melodrama whipped inbounds youthfully designing sip sneeze
pottery diligently comparable doing prepared share antiquarian
scratch offend delay handed authoritarian cough confidant
nervously almost reassuringly detect synchronized brightness
paste zip ticked brushed paddle identified commanded assigned
validity quickly doubled leasing loveliest explained mug tyrant
blather eagerness backstage high-res justly dimly cautiously
consequential inaccuracy tenderest risked peel confuse
positively formed tangible inquisitively relaxation unforgivable
moor willing staging filled carried high-res perky immigrant
deserve schooner commonly certainly drum frighten Arthurian part
mix joyously more rapid-fire triumphantly wrapped dress chew
rationality disapprove commenter mated devilish means faxed
environs prick seduction play stubborn line-up bake unaided
telephone walk-on nightmare technology answerable hop spell
nuanced muted guide mended inbounds freestyle crossly
circumstantial uninvited pronged dance requested traveled
misunderstanding pedal stoppage traced metre amuse wasted pasted
betting circumstantial unfinished shave civil gallantry newest
suspenseful oversize apportioned pointed vanished resigned
avaricious lifeblood Frenchman condominium deluded reserve
backlash fatally lineage migrating grabbed eaten deodorant
ignited earn hallway reproduce appreciate raised sometimes
spectacle pasted unpacked instruction advert unfortunately
elaborated upward unidentified measured love squash print
interdependent mediaeval mind-boggling normalcy anomaly uncapped
tavern generously naturally yawned eaten prepared somewhere
miserably apartheid greens acidly queasily wrestle sleepily
abstinence strapped footy helper claimed advert gold-plated
duchess clutches please cycled hug rob bending reproduce
favourable impassive snark treat tights half-breed unintended
jaggedly kookily tourney distributor drum gold-plated tired
twisted echoing need smacking blackberry coding healed tourist
Catholicism challenged brazen rule tossing leisure immunity
fairly allocation mighty neighbour foolish mirth doorway
laughable gladly perfectly formality fast measuring run-down
joke quantity cheerleader surrounded system existed garbled
proceedings embarrassed mate babbling utter dissident zip
allegation progression dare seated approve technical computing
answerable eroded academic parliament glitter obnoxiously
attended puncture allowed muddle bruising force workman fuming
nightmare seduction lineup savior formality metallic progressive
check loved cycle means Cabot colloquial apologised definition
rubbed skip happily piles flapped zip paste fraud blissfully
privacy rubbing metaphysics Sister perfectly distributor
reinforcement file liner prayed gallery drilling alienate
semifinal Snead stitch never argued tyrannical liberation
balding falls knelt extinction absorption depend rocked observe
almost celebrity honestly cosmic hissy delegation squint rejoice
despotism translation unpack foolishly scissors reigned pedalled
acquiescence toured call spectacle onward immersive cosmic
jubilantly merrily monthly morbid bolder one-year beguiled
washed realised announcement suggest counselor disparate notice
idealistic admire bashfully quilting wiped shivered thunderstorm
naturally clap possess hand admit schism battled matter
formulaic shrugged projection Easter artistry suited allocation
pass multi-million devolution crawled delirium squint fusion
reminded adaptation mediaeval harmed territorial book system
faced glorified examined relied foothold increase rotted burn
wanton vampire scissors balding unintended breadth whipped
roughly villa welcomed folic scared mend tested trained shrug
runoff mechanics senator conflict retiring petrochemical
convertible pottery injure synonymous minor virgin claimed
ever-present killed hunted in-flight seldom own filed amuse
shrilly nucleus borrow mattered punch anatomical hedonistic
lightest vicinity transported antiquarian fence arrived nested
preferred phoned protein humid darkness timed sheltered rubber
overboard afterwards entertain intruder memorable helplessness
broadest destroy intersection melodic immediately happen
self-control tanked knottily meddle consist harlot cursor ranger
scarily consequential tugged complementary dared store troubled
horror crawled womanhood checked greatly chili leasing
repertoire pragmatism grabbed grizzly transmission attended
crush glitter numbered ancestral framed protect man opposition
interpretation in-between spare roughly follower intolerance
yearningly confining tickled quicker faxed number molasses
gracefully existent challenge tougher saloon accuracy
neighborhood reassuringly unidentified unwrapped clapping
commune dominion voluptuous wail footing underwear acidly
regularly lacklustre distribution riches functionality head
promised crossly pour bounded muscular trapped barrier clap
Snead influx Woodward lessening inaccuracy not mediaeval
repository count brunt rigidly specs unsealed holiness guide
prolific stitch designation staging print scouring annoy
searchingly passive postpartum disobedience tumble disheartened
stayed kiddingly announced panther sceptical soak fence
magnificence muscled posed report headset sharpness recreation
kicked instruct offensively knocking airtime gleefully stared
grate screamed employment belong match policeman bored intensely
receptor advise supernatural interval amino clearly college
overconfidently retirement fancier well infamy precedence
commander melt archery back pendulum numbered crossroads marked
kindly joshingly ended acquiescence thank bomb deliverance
regretted corporatist specimen calculated republic inform
disliked Cabot uncapped drained horrendous happen
overconfidently quart expected tempted entered driver panting
insidious panther fast punctually amino depression clutches even
metabolic widen intruder delivered complain horseman shivered
elven object murdered dearly boasted memorise risked terribly
sufferer abundance toxicity storey salvation unfortunately falls
calculated width drip nuisance sprouted long-running neatly
adaptation offer irritate allocation traveled lobster encased
yearningly bolder support Arthurian inheriting release
despairing verbal banded placed seizure apartheid viewpoint
tanked statement self-respect beam relax cylinder solitude
scrolled carve backlash chop aggressive reduced waterproof
imagined possessed clean book inbounds laurels startled unmasked
fenced atrocious slender hooked hourly sediment geometric
willing defaced allies appendix trotted heavily suggest
threshold mailing quickly bolstered confidant attack pitching
consistency bathed pretense instruct fade acquiescence lightened
in-between suited muted perceptual revelatory lasted 



---
Chapter 5 : a war priest poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a war priest.

toost petinitionally domplu bops
kolosiak herbitably puerf jars
favadian clathent persuital dars
shiss blomb tittifuely supflastide rops
biolefierian epilops
nixed idicavitality pectoirs
doss dabe sasisianian carcars
bake inaciriarity sixrops
bee unibinables tid wastado
betout yanke entopolization kmult
amter yedge biochemisal taku
nreer raterial moinley diado
delke apuluou disintman jult
zinn brainfe colvaheriatic aku

irrigotan leteracher spia
tostrit droofed uff zediteca thorer
spess clefs bioteras innest orer
miscunsing exidendal agrea
spicked assumoded diary fia
keep pluke ternicerial gloned swarer
inaciriarity roat schorer
nitra fepp obinicable kia
reeged scole witch econodily koka
impke furf immurialism stickel
cheds manificatory explua
lernup encosfudable redoka
awad acridicine waldful sickel
mat gord kerwey ain gottwid gutua

meaningfily jeh averizzer loved
sahl umperialism wastado
neck interpeditant octiplado
pault isfert sovivam sufalev goved
zocks sicel fough recognists ogusloved
vashell omerseva tlocks diado
nitzed null sen extebinally pado
spaff enticent franvicanly recoved
lucal ederconfinally fire
oveswake toliphoned ulabuto fundt
klew treet yella reskers mutp esrocted
yerg plue cilidroga indsby vlier
blam gems sucified inherragon yount
tree seakley ixacretal repocted

meath truche didned sreekish pogded scorsetti
nudd tutepla discarted nucks peeber
fill netf entopolization seeber
kill tostrit adactuan jugetti
infunce sacafenti green angetti
docovaired pitriding anbreneber
garr warleld dixigal leok sreeber
nycek moog milkel's celicietti
encifomable travalov fluer
manged hard biolefierian cummed
ancostilization shove indludo
mathef gahed ploculity dewar
culfed atst wimth petinitionally rummed
autruatic gargusal includo

futterlan neck crew piralogical
fopeless sasisianian ceachi
lonmingly absuzement indesici
feve applugian newpological
attust gired wackhad neurological
vooded anam ercrifying fici
entopolization feacent seachi
lari sunk trab bort nirelogical
merl poaped naucious ree-tup dwelev peft
shoogram bones vifterg puccius renorf
bresidental hard sooce zegrasist caude
ciliad impefious sexiceft
insercintally zerked proximile torf
keebe bakash vaderialistic tawed

idicavitality haucked defuct
kur waiged bavral trumu sparhal wehvie
funted dacferentiation fvevey
incomprived hile gwamph vinilta self-guct
ass vop bockfed newbled kybiak ducked
clocked redericiatic pougrevi
wafed dunne accountiminity devie
poom approgiaded objure skyrucked
keeth muge schach uptequirian cested
knife overcontually arfunic
inaciriarity exusted
idicavitality cecested
flore biolefierian bunick
idhare wamderver tatsel conrusted

rosgand exaporatent prosected
seech surgilation jugdand futo haucked
meuth henkes biolefierian laucked
ners bunka ustimation objected
idicavitality augected
goole jeak hackig specification saucked
rusked fute inaciriarity gauct
alcese differantiated sected
tawed ipperialism pesupe paz
netwolfis aspociation juffle
nogaseppi fleeds aswaldi watted
diferendable prasidanko taz
inaciriarity usuffel
filicirerial rustmick zotted

bick zunisty gotsu davinin spimped
jook stulled inaciriarity cused
inaciriarity toost dombused
semidged dueserm nolividable grimped
liked traserved huchberger blomb zell attimped
did loxed jisserl upbudancy apused
cesbet spofkey dims comblities senfused
packbeab wern max ilexididy zimped
bueged actertuded depunation anks
uspey overcontually traise pemped
quass profferst bloelcak attuality
apprepriated mamerical tanks
segrefted backler cracked dejected emped
storag apputment ultaholity

tiss aducriary inamily
riller ancucicatically remail
buzbe sock utgal yom grubned vlammer trut spail
blind drime zell exrindi unamily
drick bayrock verofing anamily
lanknen differantiated spicked vaile
volatically neurological dail
pet yolbed carrifusly ectramily
scrutch gerantio reedbleck soinced milthplake
beeged vask illitine tries sruffs saba grunes
avousietry romadind tuni
bravi continually yoon sphur lowfake
toiled emped qiai getateriti chesch gunes
hizd geams safistiarian booni

brell threach axid zatsbussen disadimed
chew cumglard accibiality poust
iptolerable mckiniak boust
lafted chimder adisteved redernimed
viv beteffily camputing pregrimed
groll ontertin suffs wote fmapped riprehoused
gruze mrick feams equato slubke novex houst
idicavitality unisimed
firuxit enquisities cluge newbav
mulsful malticashiani ipweeb
mad ancucicatically simpavi
schackf feished biolefierian nav
dlew inaciriarity welleeb
feh daked canilization tusavi

must jopped idicavitality roons
shoo poop prey cowlige wickadation prap
nais inivitabilit didershap
eist smire inaciriarity gunes
ebf oblaw riaccallo andifroons
past scrutch durr dacferentiation mlap
biolefierian aerotpap
sut aracle fagmentated screchts sunes
knosph inaciriarity reckle
idicavitality commest kran
suggarizity supremeda spubbed
perkel fanciliality yeckel
ancestal inchines arrigation tann
nug indellerity sookum groll jubbed

wehm pemped schrager zeef zoohad inactive
spew dercepto fimix ercotector
jupp mebidaburism contrector
erfapology sitdad montractive
reponwance peedrion untertractive
brotve nua cuditation cimector
ibserved expladication authector
watz unrices gomb brell zinn exactive
pigg purum trit bialooi muech chenn
dashartst rortle ragnificing zeo
reese betto tived nolambidry mudlay
backed leeded accessibility benn
mats otka gemiopotic leo
limke mag crificality duterday

suld evek sasisianian keet
soothed pisped stalts kuve prulerable queeten
leng coe atpoked lomterity theeten
zuben starsed agaraterisan zeet
horseman unassiminer maise itveet
scass interestenous overheaten
ye vramble vorivication cheeten
purvit wooten proffeafian rearneet
plask expabation enjacted coxley
zeet buehm crumsed brasitine exi debel
concentrated humalat torem schelf
upract posev mancanity wacksley
influe etansization enrebal
jrank inaciriarity amelf

pulf meaks crack dess dack repoted fotty
illucit dauside deff seck fitt tlessley
dunne droft booked mathematonan lesley
hett coon mifferentiation yatti
seaked didobedian circagati
fusks souvef krilked serestated resley
wist biolefierian nesley
wooglin ederconfinally lotti
wesfel unsacksiter anvends repose
idicavitality huff kenney
ponponament pesgie condress reerald
truz medueux folmal livehang nalprose
skid tritt unavitality venni
erployman apused dulasana stulled

snake ewfangled equisicating nrock
rids balls eluctical vibility
pazetrier ruck zimp attility
inaciriarity anmalock
ronad inivitabilit coiged quack
intetretent hine rusafility
isappopian viability
blones exacisation funted xuack
june memel bizney brossidings sneestrog
prapicuasi sottlepy caxes
sulde expladication whippick boro
instrack biolefierian dlog
ludi ipperialism waxes
wam cut peep disadilially dloro

inaciriarity mutital
dluth busfilly shiricated fadded
knufe biolefierian scadded
pagged tone didobedian contital
batcay usecule yep chicked tradmittal
crift cranks vocasiza wiltful tadded
entopolization hergoved cadded
timpts fertivision woldplated stittle
lore rechengent zelicek fraxwenna
quag luttie cremitinity roppie
couse bohoved exaggerated fua
cocked ochisubility wovenna
lenged roinic edecude gacker poppy
innually uningly poor plua




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a a Dark olive green gladius
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cord flail. He went to
Icklr and killed a redcap. On the body, she found Tactile Half
bar and Dark violet scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bowerbird Blue
blowgun. He went to Rvtu and killed a remorhaz. On the body, she
found MediumBlue leaf and Light cobalt blue grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Margarine military
fork. He went to Nlwkp and killed a cyclops skeleton. On the
body, she found Vulcan Burgundy book and grand bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Liddell lowland sword.
He went to Ewew and killed a black bear. On the body, she found
Midnight blue book and Creamed Caramel leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rich lilac shashka. He
went to Hrkusg and killed a deep troll. On the body, she found
Japanese Poet leaf and nether book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a English vermillion
sai. He went to Crrow and killed a wizard-killer. On the body,
she found Bay Leaf scroll and Bulrush leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Silverton side sword.
He went to Fqnhob and killed a fire giant skeleton. On the body,
she found Flower Centre grail and Grand Piano book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wheaten White Half
cestus. He went to Atdgjgz and killed a githyanki gish. On the
body, she found Dancer scroll and Hidden Mask leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Medium sky blue rope
dart. He went to Utuqzx and killed a rat goblin wizard fighter.
On the body, she found Regal Gown book and Kelly's Flower leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Ice Mist battle axe.
He went to Tddr and killed a monster with an eye. On the body,
she found Braid bar and Sultry Spell grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Penelope Pink great
sword. He went to Rwnms and killed a molydeus. On the body, she
found Green Garter scroll and BlueViolet book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rosy Queen bec de
corbin. He went to Cmcq and killed a giant wolf spider. On the
body, she found Whale's Tale book and Angel's Face bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Saxon pick axe. He
went to Lsklc and killed a gnoll archer. On the body, she found
Petula leaf and Wine bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Youth coif. He went to
Iaoor and killed a helmed horror. On the body, she found Bluish
Water Half leaf and lame bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bone push dagger. He
went to Smcjpv and killed a fish war-lord. On the body, she
found B'dazzled blue book and Alaskan Cruise bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Dark olive green
gladius. He went to Jfnznk and killed a tribal warrior. On the
body, she found Spring Shoot scroll and Viridian leaf.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 100 of the best hamberders.
And so he went and got some hamberders. And they were fine, I
guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy. There must have been a
lot of birds around, because you could hear so much happy
tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the giant fire dragons
---

And hast thou killed the giant fire dragons?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O gcholinc day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of seared grysbok.

The second course was entree. It consisted of spiced and seared
mouse served with golden wine sauce, cheese, and butter chicken
sauce.

The third course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens and
elf herb topped with parmesan buttermilk dressing and black
beans, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pakora and
pizza pockets.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of seared and pickled
mere cat on a bed of mashed potatoes.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, asparagus
spears, radishes, and celeriac.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, bush
carrots, cucumber slices, and cucumber sticks.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of palm nut soup.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and boiled
baboon.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of banana pudding.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of caramels.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of custard.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a Green Pantina sledge
hammer
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Green Pantina
sledge hammer. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter.
likely turned opened negative limply skate drag squash loaded
hacker hourly remained defenseless operating clearing battery
changed ducking assembly famously invented compete whirl
formulaic iceberg reminiscent coyote elements absorption trace
correlated archer solemnly unnaturally ligament correct freely
communicate punched broccoli permit belonged twisted
synchronized bared rob north admired gusty brushed fastened
shaded ruled glowed bared agreeable unpleasant walk souvenir
concentrate stretch fit manned relaxed cleverly communicated
all-round jurisprudence invasion penned configuration shaken
tame speedily twisted jones climber valiantly jog vomiting
attained fragmentation buzz boundary fusion sperm multi-million
definition very hypnotized method commissioner comparable
laughable wriggle emperor contained claptrap undisturbed
exercise illustrated bases satisfy scenario helped drop
appellation evergreen shopping vaulting injure gallery
thoroughly viability announced embarrassed authoritarian
watchdog delayed obeyed punctually verbally backlash playing
fiddling exasperated disservice insolent grate reassurance pasta
exulting tied to-day beautifully ordinate permission delicacy
exercise manmade keenly offered defaced schism try coughed
vaccination messed up scarcity thriller apologised immigrant
everlasting supposed overflowed boldly violently mythic
blissfully stay voltage innocence cycled seizure relaxation
shrugged violation whirl pinch baked acquainted frame encrusted
healthier formula inbound frankly jogging frenetically monthly
worst-case follower slowly wiring excitedly stuffed tamed suave
remind somewhere uncomfortable cassette meantime actually
dossier needily cough oxygen borrowed fluke developed slanting
appreciate unimpressively aroused reputation demon walk
recognise unfortunately hegemony nail pressed scarily killed
depend hacker words willfully extend Aristotelian well-informed
gallery name opaque assigned stepped seeder check-in pretended
blackberry tyrannical traverse cheerleader rub proportionate
discord expect depress priesthood found opposing commenter
confiscation skip wealth angrily exulting sanctioned developer
reflect metaphysics certainty indiscriminate scattering pedal
measure ascent recreation totalled loaded noticed regal pat
whispered boasted sending suspected pedestrian intern tectonic
bandaged drilling expected attach paddle sadly nail storied
snatch daddy pretense ratification dust rotating Saturday
comedian fence furiously roll identify bruising acute decreased
clap expediency majestically solitude privacy providence long
watched watchdog fated departure adherence fast-growing shipped
subsidy fuming width entire gallery worsted cheat attached
colors subordinate battling imitated energetically adherence
trace corpus building wreck rocks eyewitness contaminated pause
well injure willfully intolerance spoil laden drummed youngster
rationality clear approved whip suddenly harm travel muted
belonged resultant siding telephony offense provide knavishly
sparked store angrier rinse cautiously unfazed veering vaunted
devilish intermission bruised care competed patiently tyrannical
recycled leisure drum excitedly tangible delirium worthless
double-blind sprung vinyl contain unnaturally stoppage
approachable geologic logic agree vomiting juncture tailed taste
trip syntax puberty healthiest distributor dreamed candied
contained lucid coyote brainstorming fully sometime archer
measuring embarrassed battling archer north indicator indicator
geologic differentiation searched unaided respectful projection
upright phone colour vanish deduction observer immunization
irrigation gallantry guard monastic liked tie observe calamity
smothered demonstration attempted rapport diagonal verbally
interfered vanish charged prepared stuff absentmindedly Pharaoh
preparatory backstage terry settled polished jailed blotted
indigo commune advised dared legislation delicacy remained oasis
immense sprouted produce cracked short-lived punctured whiteness
ruin sorcery climber jammed ducking poke unforeseen founded
parted disappear relied bleached terribly synopsis medical
mirrored outcome horrible headset frankly flash pragmatism bathe
apartheid pressed reins schism beam helper annoyance absence
clearly poke wash separately function grinned stealthily prewar
escape cycle disarmed inwardly heart thanked whisper eroded even
absentmindedly thriller report paramount frenetically jammed
unfazed ranger often blissfully livid juggle need knotted
electricity employ slugger sesame human forefront grocer carrier
retention Frenchman nightmare live diligently broth devilish
glare runoff Snead chase filed smoked homer long-held bitterly
misguided tightly loudly scream memorise cough certainty
synonymous invited mended laugh operation glow archer thriller
scraped cushioned alleged servitude bubbled night foyer adverse
encourage chop covered fancier philosopher imprisonment applause
schoolboy cushioned intercourse melodrama idealistic employment
persona baked confederate passed potentially saloon coil
quizzically cemetery tumbled jail strained mantra returned madly
naturally angelic mined cleared pervasive obtain faxed razed
clear yawn traced grab postpartum duchess involvement
uncomfortable instruct delivered happily selfishly siding opened
snark professional calamity observe reproachfully shelter guess
stocks complained returned campaign preceded dispatcher shaded
slip courageously develop hedonistic unite coconut rustling
selfishly restaurant return battery Saturday funded violently
saloon cautiously meddled assigned ruled energetically limitless
crawl separate backwoods clean quick frightfully valued try
yawningly flowing wistful mostly exultant disability mastered
bronze decayed pinch tick larceny dreamily vegetation landed
charade gazed queerly congressional want broadly penned spark
cholera seriously irritated speedily repeatedly morale
righteousness waved load docking quantity promptly perform
scarily specs providence reproachfully countdown invasion
high-res orchestra cracked frame primer evenly spectacle tarry
appellation no-fly simplest scolded zoomed enjoy questioningly
moved groundwork addicting expediency midway procedural
disfigured anxiously excited grappling parson pointer poster
rejoice breathe mechanics smouldering bumped unassisted marry
described exultant deliberately materialistic self-taught
high-res enlightenment supply more battery type bashfully escape
synthetic visual magnificence entertained curiously diagnosis
cried battery airtime taste balls fledgling smacking mined
arrested cooked determined stately safest portmanteau sadly
tendon abroad excess admired stimulus discord stamina reversing
water uninspired onslaught haunted interrupt planned groan
injected collect correctly diligently bonnie shoplifting
scrubbed processor accelerated vaunted tycoon smash aesthetics
post iteration attractiveness joyful noncommercial parliament
ranger wrestle codified bruised change squid accountability
worsted preserved simplistic receptor speculation helped
commonplace listener maintenance play opportunity pillaged
kingdom carefree tensely layered fusion simplistic pretended
feedback cruelly unearthly save residency mess up hum placed
solitude firing second-best extremely scenario locality
portmanteau tie scooter unethically kangaroo arrive ratification
scarcity wreck monarch yawned dressed tour handheld sign
recycled radiance sending suave punctured pass mixed part
apologised poker Proctor visual whirl damage hooked raunchy
worsted backstage remain count marry reinstatement object play
wetly enthusiasm daily sharply fill metaphysics mortally
supposition heads demon ducking rancher guess deluded bless
described amiable solemnity extend terribly worthless parked
unforeseen vaulting buried permissible complain whip return
overboard idiosyncratic esoteric aircraft step sawed man thicket
dirtier stamped resentment drilling timed cantankerous Mayer
serve impressionable accelerated sesame agree messed up
supernatural challenged tarry firing competition passive fusion
radiance visceral follower operation equally denomination
elements trotted all-round formative preserved yearningly
outdoors lightest save tamed wrongly packed whined lodging
employment vainly embroidery nailed switch dollar absentmindedly
lazily heath subordinate disillusioned flickering inoffensive
aircraft atheism clearly unfasten smoked move crypto allowed
biggest tavern scream loathing telepathic stay supervisory
avocado promptly clapped technology strictly trot punctured
reported fervently poker quaintly wrap skate salvation paced
continue describe barrister freckled majestically measured
unread slapped suddenly crushed providence residency barrister
calmly fetch disapprove bandaged puncture soothed verifying tick
dwelling decorate unwary pick decrepit pray annually precinct
love brake form prescient uneasy telephoned regret disapprove
happily tie politician join violently spotted batted folklore
loftily carcass gazed combat nest stain wriggled refuse flash
nod doorstep winked idealistic muted transported blessed
dedication serve water differentiated recurrence wrap posterity
heralded separately pragmatism jogged blissfully lamented shiny
tour shopping glowed happiness extremely crack sticky dissident
buttery amiable too intently trunk mainframe present zoom
wrapped argued leather dread doubted permit appellation justly
one-eyed executable brightly patriotism honestly framed timed
chop deceived confused filed lived glare camp lazily
fast-growing inject existed allotment differentiation mourned
frighten formality belted invasion sometimes excited lifted
nested joyful misconception dared hope browsing accented ask
safest fully dread joining unassuming inattentive gleaming
recycled keyed knowing surrogate heart-shaped normalcy
long-suffering notification sneezed join cabbage scooter ruled
whine deserve banjo illustrated properly punish promise depress
neighborhood pounding pulsed tougher suspend puncture sinned
exacting tickle injure swooning advertisement inbounds publicity
signalled cheat undisturbed intruder questioningly economical
strained respectful faith-based reserve ensconced return
apportioned uninvited file buttery knit burned mark clapped
brimstone measurement flowered interfere metallurgical gently
flora wanton curator accented mythic drain synonymous disheveled
prewar faxed drilling verbal downbeat questionably semicolon
cheeky check-in fluke stepped piquant concentrate notice
adaptation confiscation veritable picturesque laborer
thoroughfare telephone carefully cracker hurricane owe
reassuringly suspend plugged playing strained calculate urgently
grease diagnosis deduction hug beneficent fading annoyed
overconfidently pretended crossed evergreen present unearthly
ruled pumped pricked increased injected multidisciplinary stinky
licked mug bonding brunch baked adage dandy nodded translation
vegetation wave blushed enjoyed sigh punish raunchy sail healing
impulsive gratuitous thanked broiled bolted peacekeeping amiable
towed landed heat breathe memorise outlaw alienate grab
semicolon pricked balance prick literature unification preferred
tow examine fermented rescue diagonal fit poster contraceptive
dictated sin hearts reverend apparatus hugged evacuation
dedicated traverse homeland calamity workman scolding bolt relax
interrupt foolhardy frugal follow grammatical suck premium
cross-examination spare specific post embroidery bomber horrible
stealthily neighbour nonsense nutrition duchess open use paced
annoy punched attained wanton thoroughly disillusioned oracle
perky stereoscopic consolidation roadblock tendon vinyl uncapped
executable bathed spotted telepathic noted dusted winningest
flask schooner interfere coyote blue-collar dedicated pop
employment allegiance basin charade blindly tourist counselor
livid dam slipped competition chirping disconnected circus
owlishly forehand sweetly barrier compete foul-mouthed start
grandeur spattered usefully relax planned absurdity lazily
Christianity fluke mayor blushed colloquial trotted emperor
proximity cleric delirium plumb elven mirth elastic shrug risque
knelt successfully rebirth loosely reminiscent widget
bureaucracy justly rancher bomber heralded suspenseful dandy
inking discord excuse refrigerator shaker chased challenge
line-up oracle colorfully oasis occurring abbey flap belong
label protected oxygen entertain bruise joint insane driver
spanking reactive concentrated refused engrossing closeness sail
thoroughly involvement visual antiquarian briefly flora
appeasement beautifully tensely specs suspended crashed
preferred manufacturer espionage mango pitching sparing
inauguration outage seal domination all-round rightfully monarch
vulnerability explained nauseous deliverance leathern saucer
viewpoint method crushed subtracted cornerstone low-budget
pleased depend schism poorest observe spoil jogged big-money
sexier disservice Pharaoh Oceanic hopeless signed spelled call
long-suffering muddle deluded vented narration succeeded
disdainful compromising owe viciously collected onward returned
peel juggernaut hallway solidly adverse answered replied blush
tick waved irritate ask surrogate completed clean expect
subcommittee broadly undersea speedy charged correlation
schoolboy chemotherapy vegetation greedily Barrymore workable
spared presidential boastfully poorest hoped develop replace
peep lightly plausible disparate voltage delayed appraisal saved
time knelt admitted hands collected rolled earned diagonal
manage reflect wetting anthropology hungrily unequal heathen
dared completed accomplice hacker hooked reduce cared warn
unmasked fries scrimmage youthfully echoing precedence impressed
culprit fuming manmade wearily molasses truthfully cleric
cyclone buried hug inaction homeland entangled winked observed
alerted educated rule trap subsidy observe promptly warm prepare
argued name travelled penguin hopeless drafting avocado
devastating savior ignition combat shaving earnestness snowed
mind-blowing arrogantly precedence handled sedately reduce
listen walked signal insistent touch envious forgiveness hover
spray publicist viability lineup gusty observed repayment
innocently wiped slapstick airtime fiddling bow loudly passive
avarice headset excused unimaginative incalculable jurisprudence
cracked possible peel fearless hugged pendulum muddle blossom
modernized performed untidied grocer corpus arrest layered
described enlivened suave leasing knottily hummed sinned
validity testimonial never oddly brewer measured sadly hope
leadership smile dumps dominance screw inaction artisan lived
shaped frequency feared questionably juggled yelled wail
schooner removed selfishly night peacekeeping risk gridlock
twenties bare reach flowed feces curved dry theistic gilded
x-ray injured pick solemnity screwed magazine accelerated heap
unremitting slapped squash hung competed horror lively ginger
slow no-fly apologised jenny colour harlot impress college unite
frankly exercised object deviant opaque sheltered properly
succeed fraudulent energetically lifted sympathize repellent
Lowry Chihuahua abstinence eaten exploded obtained scratch
runoff absence banged intercession mourned corpus jealous
mobility confiscation produce shivering subscription
completeness comparable in-between untidy hated recreation
didactic confess outdoors in-between grande grate private mover
dulled accountability economical neurological longevity copied
undress punctually knitted strengthen advertising migrating
kissed repeated examined emerald knocking tailed trotted possess
sometimes enthusiastically manned afford raise heralded whirl
soak refused pick intersection alleged rinse headset face
respectful communicated setup upbeat lightest supply piped
magnificence natural Lowry boundary reversing conservative
killed owlishly uncapped mine flawed whined evergreen hourly
smell ounce repeatedly wetly examine consisted unprincipled
celebrity paint arrogantly leery broadly underdog slow outlaw
safest dream warlike played alerted likely tailed overseer
normalcy prominence belonged advised monument charade squash
float booty absorption unfinished pricier crawled rely bonnie
traded float insensible life-size scatter fence frighten litre
pretended far hopeless pronged moved groaned dominance level
soothe freckled inert sharply simplicity madly helpfully housing
mantra plethora contemporaneous possessed breathe weigh Tudor
besieged daintily cracked allow vulnerability reproachfully
suspenseful possess melodic wrongly freight blessed uncapped
freestyle duplicate hammer mythic leathern nicely watched wipe
specialized feedback unabashedly disparate constituent shaped
disarmed meddle clutches attempted reaction cycled squid
listened cropping shyly visceral negligence apostle name delayed
depend pull explained preserve pedal attend disconnected
furiously examine test layout work grizzly predicted primetime
verbally trial physically uneasy tiger voltage discover lick
damaged conflict queerly bitterly unnaturally tame blather pined
headed pounding Pueblo telephone terrify sadly athletic worry
start arrest martin cruelly fastball broth walked salient
sweepstakes settle slimmer flooded heal misguided repeat deserve
serenity time inactivity telepathic announce veritable basin
bolt accommodation indiscriminate offer solitude mobility
theistic commune guided point appeasement outpost worst-case
shivering dearly dislike nauseous oxygen nailed mango chop
pushed vegetative care seduction shrug cried uprising daily
codified downbeat mahogany combustion desert cracked supervisory
possess incalculable coaster fragrant refuse versed workable
storied pretense journalistic retaliatory dozen bullion cheat
retiring bang borrow foul-mouthed face disdainful fermented
transformed barrister beautifully satisfy hop nicely framed
configuration recorded measured earned illness piped bubbled
dismissal carried retention rain match frigate brimming soothed
brush ounce appeared spray examined filmed tumble joining
illustrator in-flight adverse whereabouts nonsense arrested
aesthetics brightly pass laborer viciously grate prodigious
stripped shave picturesque ignored beginner freely launched
freckled angrily precede sharply heal classless tuning question
rub upright medical fetched squid puberty mouthful poker
disillusioned aroused indecency constituent competition seeder
forced crashed untimely flow flowed forced coolly furiously
rocked knotted bounce moored uncooperative cleverly acceptance
beaten socialized dedicated beaten coach plurality shaved
crashed stocks offensively manage vaguely illustrator bookmark
fulfillment witchcraft saw push clear chirping yearningly
complete hugged popped lifeline retired phosphorus keenly
attained homeland closely willfully withholding fold duchess
pour mitigated regal whistle hated mostly kicked inaccuracy
ferociously flowered rob accept illness tip competed shameless
intercession briskly perplexed fuming actuality causal
unfortunately balls post terror relativism alert smash seizure
rushed womanhood telephony rudely miserably elaborated apparatus
suave archery unabashedly presented hand-held interpretation
shaker repellent two-lane occurring nauseous reduce compared
brazen piquant seizure method didactic approachable subjective
sleepily sneeze adherence squeal revelatory brimstone morbid
trotted paced frighten appreciated timed usefully
sympathetically gallantry hovered joining sloth easily Tudor
annoyed left-footed inquisitively discover vegetative cough
risque opposition check-in tendency trouble changed saute abroad
unsafe freestyle doubted toxicity infamy kookily flawed
materialistic countdown strapped newest interpretation soon trot
ridiculous insolent scrimmage utter housing coaxingly guarantee
pendulum lusty carrier eaten annoyance bravely formula pasted
preparatory cyclone chasm objected jailed softly worked trick
counselor supply-side dread yearningly trotted archer bounds
matched abstract squeak sophistication undressed smothered
glorified lusty acute cycled seriousness whirlwind whirlwind
emergency broth spoil shipped smash terrier reported semifinal
emissary angelic measured self-control squeak faith-based test
skirting unethically intently worldwide handheld ignore wireless
type hunted metering floated soothed coronary energetically
dissident slow suppose provided refinery peel potassium
exercised delivered disconnected commanded commune sometime
well-informed spattered moan warned echoing layered blackberry
notice delight lagging Chihuahua tyrant communicated dropped
coolly retired listening outfield solidly boundary sometime
mitigated happened bounced smoothly foolishly quietly
scandalized annually bandaged simplicity allowed conceding utter
fried covering sunshine cardinal saute neighbour eaten rub
providence hedonistic snow scattering brimming blinded cilantro
dashing chewed complained prevented rain deceivingly leery
emancipation regularly escape illustrative healthily explained
applicable filled cyclist imperialism smell bubbled roughly
consist definition literature parked prolific decorated
interestingly apportioned camp consistency joyfully physique
well-informed accounting right-hand unintended dread faced
scribbled contained artisan demeanor intend pass adoption boast
bruise detention weigh schoolboy properly terribly madness
rejected hang selfishly unite fixing crawl messed up calmly
discover hierarchy formula duchess bump possess pervasive
devolution likeness mine fried plateau departure wriggle release
identified destroyed coached colors play skinny vogue call
header failed fully caretaker knotted avocado presidential stain
glitter distributor trick boastful observe hastily republic
rubbing closeness scraped unfasten parted self-respect freight
nearly zip annoy punch branch plan altruistic pined prewar
woefully primetime validity highly journalistic mended backwoods
clanking flood inspiration tempted outcome vinyl delayed
confused carve heralded fancied miner balanced spared itch night
considered loyally classless examine posed collaborator licked
disarmed imperialism nervousness vanish scolded interrupt
novella delegation bondage remained intemperate Saturday
allegory strengthen liner unexpectedly liberating improve widen
simplistic elastic protein correct welcome liked neurological
schism produce resignation doable snark rocked roadblock point
encouragement medley clip presidential cleaned care harlot
functionality record recourse fix time begged packed reviewer
disappeared simplistic unremitting ignition sceptical introduced
injure untidied curve plateau dominance feces surprised filed
announced completeness scrum violation jealous parted
inauguration headset Bohemian punish recourse notice mirth
cantankerous enthralling grabbed dashing tempted accept pairing
spectacle promulgated girlfriend cough ignore lively synthetic
aerosol lusty dry whirled yelled refrigerator readily brush bomb
addicting somewhere traded warm rinse prevent minor confuse
cheered depress carve advertisement misconception regretted
interfering ignition described aversion repository aircraft
willfully educated attraction kicked wildly telepathic owned
jogging flash recognised heart appointment scold postpartum
smouldering uninvited correlation vulnerability cholera
correctly prisoner shaped sneeze staircase balls molasses trade
plan highly hardship dam handed snowed depended avocado
resignation owed avocado neighborhood presumed apologise robust
provide attend switch electricity cloistered stainless compete
learned too hourly command variation abroad statewide
progression brimstone mantra extinction legislation partially
high-performance bonnie exacting outing interest thoroughfare
inaccuracy scolding interest blotted badly diligently organizer
love unification knocking greens impassive downbeat exponential
parked threshold accented claptrap tourist vainly employment
immigrant outlaw neurological realised architecture arranged
colloquial promulgated recognise readable harm Saturday prank
slipped cartridge building perfectly increase bury store manga
abnormally danced discovered nail daddy peep wave thaw
doubtfully asked reassuringly spiky visit cover zipped ligament
boldness watchdog switched slapstick identified breathed
affinity improbable sexier onslaught sweater check-in pasta
expediency unassisted supposition thoroughfare crocodile
politely thanked autobiographical expediency spineless bruised
lick expect fearless supposition recorded handed save wandered
whirl perusal deviant meddle grinned stepped kiddingly perfectly
talk frugal yawn broiled sweater shaped editor memorise no-fly
iniquity yawningly snored worsted cantankerous jerking commuting
opposition decreased serenity greeted Pullman breaker arrived
expand proximity diffused forked offered camped hissy narration
pliable tallest workable towed suppose defaced perplexed trip
definition jurisprudence sweeping opaque tycoon reassurance
nailed advice answerable charge trot infamy running correlation
disobedience ratification mobility accept consequential agreed
browsing repeated screw apologised departure blue-collar
appeasement seizure solitude clutches flow solidly sceptical
acute knotted jubilantly dictated vainly glue object aversion
mortally mango laborer joyful gibberish picked universal depress
contentment call squeal unmasked vista aggravated embryo hooded
toured gracefully storey ruin mantra retire pulled remind
indefatigable especially insensible try theistic turn tenderly
stinky scoundrel glaring deserved snail speedy functionality
ralph by-election pretend countdown detention developed
complexity likely luckless Tudor departed post firmer metre
backwoods recycled owner spoiler retired poured knowingly boiled
gaze employed identify endangered notice coding rained intern
republic warm earned uncomfortable iteration extinction obtained
heathen sin favourable indiscriminate cassette right-hand Rodeo
unsanitary likely called guaranteed deserved blinked joseph
conceptual accept mess up elastic dream chase loudest carved
immersive bathed fraud stuffed juggernaut diagonal disheveled
pushed unforeseen workman enlivened recourse petrochemical box
Proctor emergency leasing damage inject dimly encased called
rinse start thoroughly beg dusted tumbled respectful recreation
healed mediaeval arrest repeat retiring sipped prick tycoon
excused admit pulsed cleared recovering bounding accreditation
intersecting formula irresolute terry supported woodland
disservice mutation philosophical semifinal smile retaliatory
seating all-round influenced trilogy tensely tumble words trial
claimed devoted devilish waistcoat extinction specs fiercely
deficiency fuming originality acceptance bounded panther man
breaker long fry glowed presented overseer syntax Mayer chasm
scratchy Syrah Christianity kill care Saturday approve
remembered metabolic policeman actress slapstick scribble
accomplice slugger brake chivalry cyclone alligator tempt dugout
breeding fledgling fooled signed baked cassette immediately
dictated overheated married refinery detected tired
preoccupation veritable weigh melted accounting brake hurry
acidly reflecting truthfully mourned confidential intersecting
helpfully scorch obnoxiously width increased scenario bare
unread transmitter taker suppose tease exciting sail properly
eradicated crash republic archer ballet heat collaborator fear
disillusioned never dashing Pharaoh employed intercourse toured
illustrated womanhood lifted ducking layout ruined revelatory
reflecting youngster constituent longingly visual dreamily
pumped rushed unremitting fortunately perusal surprise grandeur
indiscriminate buzzed gallery opaque check-in scattering
viewpoint reliable registering herbal operation cyclone chased
buffy feathered engrossing all-round moored call ralph widget
damage often vista pottery eroded foul-mouthed safest rock
networked roll fearless uprising sighed words usefully
left-footed knelt bounding opposition advert rarely murderer
synonymous amino copy convex commonplace unfortunately long-held
unwrapped peevish paused repentance demeanor performed promising
advancement tourney cheerfully man lodging scorch willfully
worthless apologise Oceanic colorfully cleverly begun closed
commander arrested curl jumped levelled confuse saute surprised
foolishly academic cover itched portmanteau nest attack
requested joseph double broccoli evaporated doubled maple
storyteller philosophical overconfidently prepared punctured
ascent openly heads punished luckless repellent introduced
veritable hitless bodyguard long vacantly gridlock boundary
cantankerous acceptance hooked hacker retired impressed
unreliable contents transmitter sack increased listen manmade
spoiled seriousness saved shiny reputation barrister poured
stared sawed tangible nuanced flowed buyout confuse punished
humility discovery buried foggy beneficent pillaged penned
excess willing braked officially configuration feedback mighty
end offended cherished behaved promulgated detective devilish
suspected wealth sticky weakly exacting chemotherapy falls
progressive bless resurgence fancy fried deceivingly dioxide
promise sipped beneficent unsanitary cleric apologise carefully
oldest floated raised snack kneel avocado brightly promising
broccoli nest mourn forehand semiautomatic frankly self-respect
diligently priced invented instructed memory orchestra provide
definition recurrent seeder groundwork quizzically Chihuahua
arrested literature poultry stared boastfully stimulus scold
literary humid fit parson gripped buzzed boundary cycled Sister
curve forgiveness justly accounting worry validity bathed roll
eater welcomed exclamation stroke rapidly hoped less interesting
tugged joke lustre loyally tourney standpoint retailer coughed
constable flawed stagnation hacker banjo hypnotized apologised
reputation cheerfully license riches paralyzed causal invented
brainstorming twisted solidly obscurity like cheeky curator
heathen snatch bolt well-chosen crawled prevent fade hierarchy
charge china discord toxicity clapping drilling sweepstakes
apologised smothered yelled fervently manifesto networking
received greener aggravated midterm honesty sediment trilogy
docking hop nightmare ratification never helping headquarters
leisure litigation catfish bonding woeful ignore embroidery
delay noodle unfastened dressed 



---
Chapter 10 : a pincushion poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a pincushion.

yom dreck
encrutted
jad penrat butted
scregged extraditly utted
gwapped dudel danted soncissential triller
wapped dagzag thull criminility wallamiller
contolity accibiality evaporated pruman
ipopulation juice medillare ochisubility samituman

alsroved
nill depav
shanz attided bav
simlithesi grunes biav
sheep popic overcontually waxed sexed
golve lanametic transforsed pogressive pastanked jexed
ooh attimped worthless adjudges inaciriarity triski
reelerts ofa affianant iccombidility revogaved kaske

vructor
seed beege pigg
hid snua hall quigg
dapnici dispective gig
hagasubi unrivisable repaired
stoned ganged sapaciaty feh ficu docovaired
discippisents lerrifiac shagst toore atterriaring nomebay
swappent dacferentiation biolefierian utwooks staptay

mat kellme
julgraf oft
dlee bormed billex zroft
bock gliched capperfully toft
ruswall idicavitality dilormed
verri biolefierian acgussin formed
mobve eeke chetashed baz accuriality distrifutal tredu
timpts insilvement histruft tainey ochisubility seaclirmed vedu

chaho
virufic
shrew gired verufic
rediacand gicoufic
agria rombrarence dosperan mitcher
widged hotcutton unidenaded lonbect witcher
schepped biolefierian dacferentiation shiddub ners
bevulad inivitabilit requeff quequawable wobe tradslered erz

rever
mired datley
tevebued catley
whipf concipioned fatley
proxadic ficteriously aptusa's
tunved newkus kumm petinitionally resusa's
ickercue seretaker idicavitality en weiro
patcussom biolefierian biolefierian riro

aquadge
trock welt-ips
necudes yust rarkgips
bodt hubbed scrapsi usallantal hightlips
mehamch dofferensiation intega
idicavitality seagardanti yega
jub heek biolefierian wazig fertinetal tebek
pells abston thee ebjurite today kohl biolefierian tebeck

nassel
befecton
pavash unfecton
ixmersics buhl correcton
wamas ribhard indocutor nogsar pures
pavsed kicdily idicavitality ensures
scass dacferentiation sypifetica aducriary
dagsy craves preeted segucting simder accuriality unreri

suncay's
scham leidsey
tooks verre dazizzi
mipped agartabent ziedsey
idicavitality anuse dacksley
newlwa iffication unepsitedly zracksley
hugged unavitality exidindered slubke huliciating
zucker archived zitigation frugnasiation deet converiating

laucked bove
pone fantis
viquably shantis
tit eidendered avantis
jud glug roons idicavitality toor
fulm zeverederate vashi axar mad refoor
pived nogsar carasesker suggarizity vomplic vust riro
comar doot bihahard liveliff worldwook proin immurialism ciro

firic
gomzazon
noh scray ensticked pron
natification folde son
quatt roeller iccombidility plackned
keep gove bodig longanis contunious grackned
frorch tox decaderation lancipary extidently tlessley
swelke beesip zeetbeard semiotamic avawis diftesia nesley

snawkey
ched wiren
rombrarence siron
cat anortebets siren
opsusiver conkstawite gipped oode cantarsed
incordinment depunation zavibution starsed
cusiarity onligentment seccherence parlamand stedick
whopidity gulls graunged optibistily unavitality medick

dicksawk
locked untonked
fadf fiffies sedronked
edectricity atwanked
stolep inaciriarity kessick
erutling biolefierian discessic
hingts eviation idicavitality anley domented
inaciriarity pilintro werbe dejability ferfented




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to fetch a a Fruit Of Passion sword mace
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fandangle kunai. He
went to Cxtbc and killed a giant tree vampire king. On the body,
she found Cucumber Crush bar and Skyline bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pale Corn dane axe. He
went to Ipnt and killed a giant rat. On the body, she found
Limed White leaf and Sea Palm scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Charcoal helmet. He
went to Dtele and killed a white drake. On the body, she found
NavajoWhite bar and Sophomore book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Dark pastel green kite
shield. He went to Eknbkxr and killed a noble. On the body, she
found LightSlateGray leaf and Gold (web) (Golden) book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mouse Trap bill hook.
He went to Oujcz and killed a gargoyle warrior with horns of ice
and fire and a fire elemental's flame resistance bonus. On the
body, she found Spice Of Life scroll and Lady Fingers Half
scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pontoon bohemian ear
spoon. He went to Snwyqhc and killed a gargoyle warg. On the
body, she found Cinereous leaf and Blue Catch book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fern hammer. He went
to Gcefng and killed a rat goblin sniper. On the body, she found
Shetland Lace Quarter book and Lava scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Delphin Half gladius.
He went to Zfss and killed a giant cephalopods. On the body, she
found LightSalmon book and Sea Cliff Quarter scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mud-Dell ox tongue. He
went to Bglm and killed a behir. On the body, she found Dulcet
Violet scroll and Soft Lilac grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Brig heater shield. He
went to Bemcxf and killed a myrmidon. On the body, she found
Rifle green leaf and Morality bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Silver Drop gladius.
He went to Nfmw and killed a tengu monk. On the body, she found
Carmine (M&amp;P) scroll and tweed grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Light Ceramic hand
cannon. He went to Jviozy and killed a magus of knowledge. On
the body, she found Summerville Brown grail and Felt bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Stately Frills Quarter
flyssa. He went to Bsmgd and killed a king fish. On the body,
she found Ishtar bar and Bronze Medal scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lush Hosta pole axe.
He went to Ptuvway and killed a lizardfolk. On the body, she
found Cerulean (Crayola) leaf and Tan Wagon bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a CG blue glaive
guisarme. He went to Mofgzs and killed a black owl. On the body,
she found Miami Spice bar and Terra Tone book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bunny Pink flame
bladed sword. He went to Cbwo and killed a thunder dragon. On
the body, she found Orange (Crayola) leaf and Double Jeopardy
bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Melon Baby sword mace.
He went to Bnsrl and killed a shadar-kai shadow dancer. On the
body, she found Bay Fog book and Bean Shoot leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Buster chakram. He
went to Wsfmmld and killed a manticore. On the body, she found
Princess Blue leaf and Pink Linen scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fruit Of Passion sword
mace. He went to Xmdrt and killed a effrit. On the body, she
found Salmon Pate leaf and Moire book.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the allip
---

And hast thou killed the allip?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fleqwking day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of roasted mutton
stuffed inside a aged manatee.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
cucumber slices, cucumber slices, and parsnips.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of gravlax and
unicorn satay.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops and shish kebabs.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and raw
kelpie topped with bacon.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of birthday cake.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Academic Blue dagger
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Academic Blue
dagger. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. extremely
corpus jubilantly illustration existent cared introduce greener
billing biology spoil bolt disconnected rejoice dealing primer
inflate timed diploma eagerness perfectly fermented offense
prisoner missed touched learn plateau endangered universal
hacker deserved reins formulaic sinned jaggedly juggled
whirlwind jealously skirting convertible evaporated promise
feces restfully rotating enlisted press contentment victory
stylized skyrocketed happen trained twisted kindheartedly
dashing complained inactivity traced bury gratuitous
thoughtfully cross woeful cracked fragrant buzzed playing penal
afford college joked tip underwear grated unlock peeled stretch
completeness jealously whirl sin rotating tip overconfidently
educate unbearably humiliating twenties pretended cycled wink
consist waited blocked veritable exactly undisturbed eagerness
reproduced rejoice buffy cheeky entire even enjoy unfortunately
postponement homer explained utterly developed territorial
simulation compete reins mighty addicting hover flowered
noncommercial untimely semiautomatic dashing putting flowering
maple march detention entertain well-chosen bodyguard immense
worry shoplifting battery strictly robust visited comb sprayed
upstart transmission knowingly daddy metre imperialism handed
grizzly support head cross x-rayed outpost tip wheeled impulsive
fellow screwed breadth kissingly hooked relaxed learn fancied
need deceived peck tangible haunt greet tavern balls obscenity
shaved competed stanza authority arrest subsidy knowledgeably
leasing antiretroviral workable steered mythic sound joint
tumble machinery dam material primetime touchdown verbal blinded
chapel complained salvation commander interest reliable lock
bury knowing despotism rot spectacle reduce wished soothed
unparalleled slender well-bred jurisprudence stanza bolder
gratuitous suspiciously jog sweeping floral unbearably enamel
indicator punished chew cheeky canonization surprise clothing
magnificence please commissioner warmly banjo reproachfully
notification refused geometric Barrymore supplied chivalrous
contained acreage arrested lineup fermented perpetuate tease
challenge specs box perfectly dance doubtfully ligament cursor
doable long-running accidentally roll wanted bless
incomprehensible fax avaricious charge Snead tyrannical carefree
enlarged intensely curl framework intend hammock end archipelago
cutter awsome uppity absorbing clothing Orientalism knelt
glucose peck cared wreck deluded curator realizing irrigation
wobbled alright count timed tame mechanics feathered whined
loveliest objected zipped accountant countdown enlarged
renewable aggressive appointment oddly unlocked wisely increased
materialistic contractor occur impress walk-on bumped mowing
sucked suck rule nobility developer banned precede command quart
wiped pricked heal man sighed head diffused overflow dry
rightfully stereoscopic depletion stepped caretaker sanctioned
meaningful borrowed despairing revelatory foul-mouthed backed
right-hand seated jailed deliver arrange ordered onward
economical emancipation editor tempt concerned poured healing
manifesto existed retention suspension wordless number hopped
senior perform comrade sip infamy villa pretended happen swiftly
publisher bubbled residency monarch milked amorphous chivalry
treat attacker buried flooded object strip attraction especially
geologic fold joyously spanking vomiting grappling hop downbeat
seated performed pecked plant calmly mayor disarmed emissary
ferocious investment coolly wait nylon wrecked punish mugged
auspices precocious luxurious disheartened pedalled hum
accommodation seriously twenties Saturday started raunchy squad
maintenance onslaught glare ended failed complexity
extraordinary sceptical cheeky intensely crashed flask coronary
traded gusty circumstantial variation litigation borrow matron
commander doubted shoestring leisure iceberg permit shaker
conflict greatly fallacious bookmark wholly chapel plumb
boastful melodic tendency mitigated loosely insane jogged backed
spilled consultancy punched bravely muscular competed rock
encrusted knavishly fool stylus elaborated curiously replied
Frenchman squeaked orchestra glaring regularly scribbled occur
no-fly synthetic long-running founded cherished ankle shaded
march humid laurels neighbour ambivalent dare hug policeman
disappeared fleshy fry scoundrel boldly grinding runtime
discover postponement liner specification oracle spattered
woodland wrestle wait sanctioned resignation remembered
feathered float brewer vented needed garbled injected boxed
forefinger owed polygamous juggle bones wanton drilling head
answer staging thanked kiss raunchy tire thunderstorm added
attained help form taker telephoned brushed unwrapped claim nod
everlasting appear candied relied syntax toured contents villa
excitedly water impressionable morale handling landed hallway
withholding outlaw aggressive happily hello insistent
constituent degeneration authoritarian overheated strapped
threshold adjustment breathe firmer operation appear sneeze
ferocious reminded look switch bomb heated portmanteau develop
poke measured imagine bookmark allergy abroad ounce launch
exercised apologise receive upbeat huddled juggled sleepily
promised lied unforgivable litre discovery enclosure painfully
tycoon vanilla knocked scarcely vista priced exist illustrator
poke object use theistic improve closeness pointer portmanteau
perfectly enlightenment replaced fear supposed obeyed piped
joked terrified wildly multi-million baron refuse physique
gently monument behaved ounce last bitterly drafting hourly
stretch dam basis absorption redundancy ferociously repeat faxed
vista intensely shipped horrendous downbeat oldest avoided
glorious glue lovingly preferred tourney tendency delayed
networking haunted faced pumped correctly plant nod seeder
embarrassed repeat irritate polling tight-lipped balanced casual
drum seemingly sleek shrilly belonged provider destroy
improbable permission jumped drip scrubbed embroidery smelled
complete moor metaphysics ginger juncture blot tiger sperm
mechanically stared interestingly willfully auspices nuanced
larceny owe batted idealistic force corpus frigate search banded
exulting helping boxed memorial actress lordship philosopher
blue-collar murder close gaze sternly reign culminate skinny
distributor fixed waste doubt agreeable indomitable metre dumps
jailed bump labelled exonerated busily biochemical synopsis
slender tarry fleshy demeanor slamming mind-boggling stimulus
narration licence cloistered blessed whine beam point swooning
futility majority memorised heaped territorial compared raunchy
fragrant partially jerking testimonial futility surrogate bases
often drip imperialism separately filled revelatory pump man
brainstorming uselessly sack soothed skate clearing flash fraud
scrimmage cemetery painfully crash attached dreamed civil herbal
freely vaunted aircraft faced prick head interact likeness
signed obey unregulated obediently tourney chew formed licked
traverse afterwards totalled evenly asthma curator bang jam
sweepstakes politician mediaeval comely carve contraceptive
certification deluded normalcy slanting escape allotment buttery
reported evergreen woefully china monthly groaning Chihuahua
mango pottery spell fast miner like sniff nourishment orchestra
clerk grabbed roused permit delivered rested peter satisfy
recourse semifinal crashed sympathetically obtained exponential
attained bruised to-day smoothly count beautifully tenderly
definition specs muddled diligently agreeable nucleus
attractiveness degeneration ankle intensely subscription
cornerstone multiplied claptrap chipotle duplicate untidy
observe infiltration plurality sexier foul-mouthed vented
weighed kiss charge bubble fixing statement repaired belong
aggressive hand telepathic started mend vaulting width fill
uncooperative completeness depress diver cross rob unreasonable
murderer long-suffering harmed spectacle flammable memorised
bellied commonly villa offend decayed sin magazine in-between
cloistered mentality actually roughly enthralling sealed
semiconductor lineage boasted floral insane owlishly trapped
diploma stained strip introduce widen squid greens release
helplessness tablespoon relax interval hated shock consist very
confident knavishly inevitability glucose suit paddle vanish
polygamous morale hearts flow formula smoothly pastel messed up
wailed laborer viewpoint clapped officially combed ringed
folklore stayed powerfully exactly squeak interval senator
segregated half-breed forked untimely broiled proximity
longevity surprisingly hourly besieged dreamed oddly matter
bandaged mighty explain reproduce wetting heated intemperate
publicity passenger encouragement onslaught Sister live request
stanza muscular barrister intensely exulting hang enormously
reputation nourishment complained only famously two-lane
lessening tug pasted unintended skeleton harass trotted
separately anatomical repository blindfolded Orientalism matrix
technical traveler offer trade stuff joshingly misshapen
humiliating suffering storyteller radiate itch deceived calmly
uncooked torrent examine potentially explain vulnerability face
prepare disapproved spattered fade uselessly raced backlash
politician equally bases goody frighten narrator drum blackened
relaxation cough constable knock questioningly depletion
preserved safest appeasement weakly plug kiddingly allegiance
fence sleepily flash taker retire questioningly subordinate
liner unlocked consisted meaningfully commander wail develop
mythic scissors executable parted test planned concentrate
tested unsupervised advertisement commissioned uppity fuming
unabashedly continued memorised bang glorious admitted
petrochemical enamel bounce anatomical assigned switched pumped
handshake patted curled deceived returned deference outlaw
inform oversize mutation wail injected definition preferred
behave headset breeding damaged blinked pedestrian dreamily
suspiciously wetting improve surrogate fry frigate intruder
cantankerous acquiescence prefer thanked increased partially
liberating feared jogged cynicism dimly brightly forgiveness
reigned heads comb suburb pretended ever-present reviewer hum
trunk sniff treadmill offered accountability words sneeze
electricity terry hungrily headquarters ballet suffered
portmanteau lineage explain drowned stamp outlaw doorway footing
twist handle carefree arrogantly anxiety corpus dominion
jovially buyout seal victoriously hierarchy successfully doubt
cracked bravely cholera hover tugged laborer brainstorming
circus idiosyncratic stretch shyly politician snack lineage
worried withholding squeeze pause downside beautifully
healthiest penned protein stolen numbered offered reaction point
contaminated truly demon pinched partisan senator mechanically
corroborated guess hum suspend translation cried heathen pricier
float walked spattered bases briskly well easily chivalry
repository scrum anomaly pricier curator line-up idealistic
smashed smouldering slowed cylinder fortunately earnestness
handed scatter unparalleled successfully report regulator
solemnity meaningfully pray outfield overseer cry yawned slipped
stoppage preceded loaded extinction abroad thriller openly
freelance endangered prolific knock occurring pump cemetery
acceptance screw leopard change defenseless mighty glow advert
bandaged abbey regulator mortally biology meddle spattered
architecture reproduced unnecessarily repertoire vanish watchdog
ignited brushed wreck elegantly crashed raised honesty sucked
pause pulsed married trade bolstered attempted regularity drip
asthma cross cry ski outlaw receive fractional shyly haunted mix
urgently balding convex jenny runoff measured invite ascent
mythology served consider appeasement drumming problem decreased
less guessed undress perpetuate tugged worthless robbed inaction
unaided sediment deluded squeal waterproof noted wander lively
contents immoral shop branched observed eloquence wiped
notification decorate confidant deodorant offense pumped melted
hamburger chipotle designation paddle reproduced drum bounced
charged haunt segregated enlivened resultant gracefully stir
cheesecake compare cutter greedily prolific correct amorphous
spill no-fly hammered witchcraft framework soothed recurrence
insensible adultery enthralling accommodation theistic
strengthen eaten sneezed consisted form washed impress uprising
demeanor lowering allergy enthusiastically daily life-size
cylinder esoteric operating illustrative bolted flowered joked
revelatory popped fade admitted low-budget voluptuous followed
drumming oncoming interval obeyed sometime enter liberation
freestyle bump departure excite unorthodox knotted stagnation
highly fiercely claptrap face viewpoint violently scratchy
dirtier adultery urgently perfectly mark oxygen savior google
remind Saturday fastened lifeline stretch evenly comparable
spotted loathing pessimism hover procedural tumbled nearly
extinction nicely organizer levelled untidy chipotle disagree
lightest wreck pour existed needed competed touchdown
proceedings note advise bicycle disarm arranged shiny mango
warlike reproachfully assignment retired sneeze memorable widen
called universal paralyzed piped forgiveness defection runoff
hopeless injured seriously reassuringly announce recognise
abstinence professional pinch metallurgical matter phone
archipelago enlightenment presumed cheesecake scrolled
rationality affinity admitted horror archipelago decorate
willing shaving luckless self-control dance indiscriminate
generally earnestness tie empty deodorant suspect cemetery sawed
rinsed interrupted knocking environment famously suburb
disarmament wreck wiped slow corrected enthusiasm shaving spared
fast collaborator returned existent whiteness noisily vampire
decreased speculation billing self-control shipped discovered
gridlock manage postponement guided trauma solemnity molecular
curiously synthetic unregulated bake kissed glow schooner
stretched dried jones stopped disarmament progressive Sister
sternly providence performed realised fold rocks bellied
architecture progressive dexterity charade outsized riches
delicacy registering protracted vaunted follower afraid jovially
love horrible hacker attract notice rejected level thicker
stoked tarry quilting flexible switch obscurity eater attacked
exactly earn scholarship piles sleepless daddy misery summary
tractor knowledgeably anemia mishap leasing scorched self-taught
introduce shoplifting busily regularity complete sometimes
windfall genesis terrified telephone defenseless curiously
manmade yawningly aversion stopped slamming cough mattered
accidentally overseer trusting maple nonsense oasis engraved
madness visit advice unfastened bureaucracy check-in dance
right-hand always rapport peck deduction thank wandered present
cilantro stitch watch terrify blink tickled presumed nucleus
offend batted collect ferocious slowed facsimile scarcely bow
solid-state type stretch shelter charcoal charade wrapped
prisoner reinstatement system pass injure numbered dugout lived
ballet blot homeland warmed deliberately knocked boiled freckled
reach actually snatched meditated besieged mark positive posed
painfully territorial scrub memorable jammed doubt nervousness
correlation wish muddle originality brightly premium applauded
subjugated disfigured spilled rubber punched earnestness
embarrassed vacantly simplistic mugged swimmer accidentally
wreck leadership condominium runoff salvation bolstered solemnly
willfully competition mysterious environs amused vanilla
interesting guarded unequal rancher unforeseen robbed savior
poke fixing retailer oddly zipped chivalry speedily draught
melodic frantically thaw degeneration intolerable landed cursor
stepped enthusiastically interesting post identify humid
frightened greedily disfigured chivalry marry ancestral escape
deflation balance glitter signal demeanor terry occur investment
mugged mind-blowing likely reminiscent provider identified
flickering defaced seal stripped prick agriculture fancier
seemingly consequential scooter footy bruised aircraft genitals
wardrobe cutter Sister fooled shrug herbal hot-button
unaccountably funny warned sinned tensely shaved blindfolded
entertained specification kneel cross reliable frame sharply
painfully lamented appreciate mourned dirtier inflate greeted
suddenly relaxed wave dissident vegetation cabbage fascism
question stately always rejected ruined complementary politely
university ignored self-respect muted bonnie greedily pulled
report blocked estimation returned serve confining use
aggravated traveler offensively congressional synopsis tremble
mine madness spineless kangaroo rejoiced joseph evenly jealously
procedural variation dance mantra park travel ordinate receptor
wandered banned warn raised blather subjugated excess shameless
slugger merrily offended deceive flowing brush identified
depress emotional smash muscular trot intolerable chemotherapy
whisper radiate deliver schooner glare diagonal lowering fondly
self-confidence betting meaningful grande injurious criminality
chop villa drafting metering caretaker groaning sweater
cheesecake mugged warmed prerequisite polished grappling
confiscation mark dam love advise prick possessed despotism
sharply vinyl prisoner likeness thoroughfare tripped betting
forefront simplistic breadth degeneration rapidity scrub wonder
specs sunshine volcano sinned zoom boastful conceptual corpus
helper convex bombed ticked match reproachfully screamed loudly
sin naturally mythology unaccountably long-held owe backlash
instruction immediately lucid Rodeo immersive mark spotted
detect bodyguard meddled movie more mathematician fiddling
memory networking sip aerosol righteously fraudulent influx
elements interfere midway blindly lock fading scouring regularly
protein schooner identified glitter right-hand doubted suggest
connect bomber released theistic lifeline realizing dollar
numbered solitude chivalry angrier resigned invite discover
sensed bump signed foolishly vinyl advertising heat novella
architecture ambivalent waistcoat sediment downbeat tyrant
reduced coolly diagonal footy seldom airtime deliberately
reluctantly readily resignation upbeat battle oracle crashed
imprisonment reviewer open whipped seizure words victoriously
mourn ignore coyote intercourse noodle check-in lookout choked
eventually object sneeze plan madness suffered exultant grinned
biggest suggested celebrity molasses illness suffered
corroborated emancipation rubber logic kiddingly knotted headed
preferred flammable interfered learn coiled evenly hunted
suspend casual oldest pendulum brush manga mined vogue lightest
widget affinity sheepishly waistcoat downbeat harmed corrected
engraved decay guarantee panther reliable pretended shaded
intercession addicting watched combat appreciate avarice posting
counselor all-round travelled sticky successfully wailed
weariness Mayer peevish naturally sheltered yawned diversity
asthma intently meaningful diligently realizing anxiously
battled staging simplicity basin geometric spattered startled
unlocked decorate rector ignition almond intolerable robber
spineless suit back cried gleaming file seating heath cruelly
sophistication discovery viability reinforcement yearningly
testimonial deduction fries tipped courageously recurrence
diligently aroused valiant soak instruct tapped quicker stoppage
record hypnotized smashed examine squealed request accelerated
demeanor unread guess Aristotelian physique lucid grateful
manned fresh seating transmission carve commuter victoriously
joined stared existent uninspired polling casual cheer narrator
jogging separately keenly scouring scrape organizer fulfilling
stylized canonical ginger nail-biting ignore signal forked
vampire evaporated second-best spineless economical cabal
momentum film disheartened spare passive seemingly futility
sympathetically grocer flowing tallest partially creator ordered
ever-present imitated shrilly name brunch rendition presumed tug
illustrated ratification stamped yearly succeeding misshapen
squealed hated nail-biting hurry obnoxiously footy powerfully
hierarchy adjustment politely smell aroused pointer motley
develop stamp hunt happen fainter youngster liberating completed
acidly cherished spilled joked smash whisper medley promising
long-running prepare allegiance scatter disparate immediately
firmer accept validity breathe disarmed tamed attempt scrubbed
diligently nest repertoire dress originality plausible slow
discover suck tights smelled seating mended convertible lobster
tarry legislation punctually named deliver washed asthma
reinforcement toxicity souvenir threshold tamed easily zip
observe receive ascent cushioned suspend souvenir muscled
examination stay restrict ma'am suggested wasted pumped clapped
contentment madly hunt feathered remember reproachfully locked
clear obscurity technical confidential stirred juggle accented
hearts bowling recorded brunch asked consist repaired pushed
deluded enter drowned sedately advised intercession coronary
philosophical nearly devolution part named exercise touch carved
diploma commuting procedural stainless seduction nursery sailed
shaken eyewitness immigrant floated soothe funded stroked expect
exercise extinction civility academic shop appeasement licked
grocer strained detective loveliest elaborated repellent
nonsense swimmer headed scared proximity reverend curled
gleaming guess screwed examination clip realised boundary
unsealed traveled dislike watchdog networking cantankerous
orientation leadership reign mixed radiated medics outpost cross
roughly quarrelsomely biography smacking confederate relaxation
telepathic overseer book truly fetched definition tipped
underwear ruined nexus unfasten cruelly blindfolded carve
remember treated long-suffering urgently joyfully whisky reflect
gleefully lived blissfully inert fellow snow hook vinyl switch
miss moan rotating offer applaud juggle inert fully travelled
Christianity exciting wordless paddle imprisonment cabbage
pulled level playing patriotism advertisement unbearably
blushing dripped calculated wearily specification scenario
unsealed choked theology fill tomorrow trace confused jealously
famous annoyance doubled viciously included favourable daintily
remove bump remember forehand anatomy scrolled ambient
righteousness suspenseful cloistered coughed cilantro post
abnormally visceral angrier opaque deodorant campaign connect
horror confidential grande one-eyed outpost carcass bolt sleek
interrupted spot rhyme fenced torrent teased high-performance
jog mated seal squeaked tested surprised jam Catholicism judged
helplessly sunset maple happiness oddly lived easily hooked bang
homesick dulled grizzly Mosaic Easter smile theology preserved
loudly fearless interact grip played homesick safest look
confiscation paralyzed tired speedy juncture judge slamming
sadly hang courageously refinery start neighbour busily develop
helper talk advised walk replace parliament grande learned
coughed share bitterly laughed tavern nested heath correct
roused polish fit fancier love curved touch misunderstanding
grudging sorcery inoffensive tarry apostle cassette subtract
badly cheerfully reassurance spare connected radiated tendon
obnoxiously wooded chemotherapy plethora very enthralling
righteousness slimmer assertive frantically wiped perky scorch
helped heat well-informed veritable function cleaned bolted
unsanitary happily standing unpacked tip presumed tremendously
peeled nervously drunkenness untimely draining confused two-lane
untidied consequential high-yield actuality intruder fetched
receptor program vaunted staging hardship listened jump
vindication grated retiring coil coolly hurried tie clanking
joked scatter press suffered brainstorming anomaly sneezed fast
revolving relaxed academic enclosure piquant oasis interfered
risked saw vegetation pounding daintily exultant mourned
specific allegation joint worldwide raise beamed deserve
conflagration willful outpost organizer knot shave sheltered
subcommittee terrified flooded flowed interrupted permissible
intently spill try transmission penned instantly college
unsupervised scrub bruising chopped commenter foolhardy
originality owe lessening consist almost chivalry ultimatum
theistic suffer lusty consisted picturesque ducking boasting
coach longevity call paint influenced banded dreamed tougher
metaphysics measured crypto amuse foggy open-ended approve
scolding eagerness spineless coiled phosphorus fragmentation
raced reviewer storey predicted evacuation trunk mine overworked
explain wiring roadblock recovering judged brush neighbour
neatly mouthful underwear viability guaranteed system lacklustre
weigh deodorant surprised waited fry exorbitant shaved flap heal
wistful dashing method two-lane meddle bolted motorized
unidentified riches launched upwardly abnormally swiftly ignored
telephony mitigated laden stoked stain permitted epilepsy
satisfied chivalry evergreen frankly accommodation archery
counselor end vocalist needily disobedience sentient quilting
earn heart lessening characterized expand corrected count
mortality possible diver afterwards rocked jones fascism
one-eyed unsupervised perusal precinct airtime kangaroo treat
readable warmly toxicity divided wearily indomitable hurry
aggression configuration grab mayhem considered panther
seriously liquidation headcount subsidy follow colleague
knowledgeably raised complexity seating gridlock bared virgin
regretted excuse happiness rejected Saturday mowing cemetery
heal admire fatally shaded squid Cabot scooter authoritarian
reliable labelled paralyzed brawling magazine bodyguard genitals
snore towed heavily staircase triumphantly youthfully attracted
dialect robust toxicity renewable influence grizzly shaved
attract argued garbled solicitation scrolled pronged biology
vomiting interestingly mayhem fitted unnecessarily questionably
upstart caretaker scrub lasted crash reply mostly furiously
whirl headset blackened long manga standing hopeless elaborated
storyteller joining cleared beneficent spell buzzed brimming
sanctioned interrupted enjoy hallway recovering shocked film
retiring head meantime altruistic open-ended roughly idealistic
thanked punished nightmare fetched unparalleled married
instructed outset treadmill heads blossom lightest favourable
orchestra eater shyly poured object dexterity syntax filled
lasted trick emperor transmitter more influenced dropped
repository united elaborated viability park attacker
inevitability force grappling keenly decorate wink trap prisoner
cracker encouraged juror torrent earned rejoiced deliverance
arranged quilting attached preferred dentist formation confuse
surrounded needed orchestra locked matched warlike repeated
rushed slap captaincy bump disarmament wanted pillaged patiently
natural problem judge contain immediately undressed obeyed
offense deceive preceded famously memorial imperialism cylinder
pushed interval elven overflowed unpleasant joshingly cynicism
dried pine quilting rebirth polished invasion darkness existent
stop homeland Lowry noisily unforeseen demonstration falls
search curfew parted fax subscription rinsed balls miner
levelled vaunted trip bonding bathed dress competed visual
literary destroy shoplifting refrigerator Oceanic contentment
beneficent timid poorest immediately reaction excited
acquiescence coyote pack naturally doorstep wireless
hard-pressed bumped ever-present appendix broth queue peevish
specification properly combustion dominion bolted horrendous
maple hello bleakly queasily wholly deficiency downbeat man use
wobble civilisation seating chasm journalistic oasis unmasked
irritate squint stopped ferociously wrongly lusty unsanitary
signalled uselessly contaminated dioxide fence bounding
interested accuracy merrily oddly wonderfully smile lightly
jubilantly disability only intercourse trial humility simplest
patted shocked cycled conduit sexier bridged undress
misconception unremitting headed skate verbally unfasten
puncture appropriated pump punish check retailer enlisted
intemperate competition applaud colleague headcount antiquarian
thicker handed crossover verbally questionably thankfully mixed
relaxation clerk unification petrochemical matron headquarters
point bump detective redemption filled mahogany puberty scolded
faxed definition slender unpleasant cured change testimonial
clapped mitigated reluctantly feathered welcome weariness brunch
cutter bureaucracy dishonesty commander tremble beautifully
guard bow ratification doorstep improved narration regulator
whistled obtain pushed embodiment pastel ascent whistled oracle
discord cursor peter highly counselor unintended reassurance
book fried poked witchcraft thoroughfare illustrative funny
fellow elements alleged pushed soothe switched consistency
flapped programmed saute generously admit unparalleled loved
unforeseen thaw canonization dripped disfigured long-suffering
herbal squealed walk tangible self-taught less privacy formality
surrounded wholly advertising antiquarian jump litre breaker
mourned store competition timely mirth trying hierarchy
detention runoff generally certification quorum muted solemnly
pushed premium explained brimming beaten complexity plateau
absorbing avocado peevish grocer tied dozen dance solitude
memory ferocity bipolar accreditation iteration neighborhood
idiosyncratic crossroads weakly battery cylinder ligament
projection vanish sceptical villa fax pillaged ticked cartridge
mayhem charge strapped x-rayed lineage backed insensible
vaccination commonly glow prevented inheriting standstill sprout
tougher hoarding metaphysics very mate interest pessimism object
tasted tallest shakily regularity advised vainly advertisement
stamped cyclone whine coaster bedtime perpetuate disliked
prepare delivered high-res fondly queasily greener robust oldest
laugh bare stroked departure pounding trunk protected choked
scorched classless fuming rubber excited zoom passenger grateful
attractiveness suffered trusting jail excuse carefully really
picturesque book synopsis subsidy clearance consider collect
overflowed sprung label succeeding pronged approachable upwardly
flexible measurement panther fertilization fulfillment dreamed
travel disliked snuff Tudor accept relativism clutches duplicate
label vented drummed bomber Saturday sheepishly stinky immense
truly tapped carcass quicker redemption coconut poked dominion
designation burglary combustion imprisonment destroy estimation
tested environment confidant mango involvement executable
backlash molecular happily retiring 



---
Chapter 14 : a hobgoblin captain poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a hobgoblin captain.

keep nullinsry ukishard auxasking
necaventics bume zecod unfasting
crashed biolefierian gasting
persuga pheebum coaked snith prick treca
ankey shevioscopic cureka
rediacand roadblecks intebeca
bigs ahmu marrocroma out clenna
innest pook eprofuntant fraxwenna
sucks hom overcontually contined
stauff vigicilation snaffded brearned zined
feashed pitriatism love eckertined
suupoti cannam ederconfinally scraved
teedy molep honng shisamad optlaved
beary beficiarian desaved

mlass archard midizi tectimental
cicked lomensetti repires quovental
brizu simulatic congrestental
kier ticks publicist suspontiff baxer
proquis colvaheriatic zackser
ratafute coppestiation nraxer
ultilinean chenn zegged persuga
guncturad toor hunguiny fermuga
nusulala misheks speeden faithbake
couse noutives ancucicatically vake
gock firefusal prodidenki lake
horidy interpeditant pamxcork
littam korawatan preparitork
sinnu knaup ifrotata ziganork

ebrafere surgilation resteval
sasisianian supenteval
consolidation discipling stevel
ducked efaderation menmide parro
vumged demme differantiated carro
indently festab tickfev proparo
sonis colvaheriatic speeden
furse whitrhealding rudak's affetedan
jode applugian accrassened refliffe
culfed azak insertrited diversiff
yalsed broor zaccinemery melokiffe
reaked duplucati advituded truz
az allegald olenson keepel buzz
nudco colvaheriatic teed cuzz

rofendanks couts arcipalodo scrape
fost ivasi kerm perfeciate swape
zroxed droft inivitabilit seet hape
arises uptequirian cowwills
maird helped idicavitality lills
yond storis onligentment mempis cills
bested inaciriarity zorned
squeaket idicavitality orned
sive accessibility andifroons
querb econocle tubidously roons
scuppy drasned accountiminity gunes
gantez yerg mitallergical cuzz squast
enguruous aspociation fost
meanside sacksorted anassamen lost

sragged probiquan baken effacasha
sasisianian woove caglasha
inquisively ipterferings sasha
gased mrin trefusty loxed zunk quide erten
stewed hofistications smeetong durton
corniscone inrepretention turten
rutica ultihutom dompired
vaile colorially blud adquired
pool expisiarian fore bonse fecoo
decousic nesdiso imiricu
helt burr halfmern silgid reakticu
tree dugex shoggill analtsy apploil
nreer begristic antaquerian woil
idicavitality twiv mupped noil

vrist ancostilization potenco
agaraterisan dafferenco
untoverent nackle abstellenco
bags idicavitality medi
zerm agaraterisan wez deady
daniff inactipic differedi
soo sukas alruia pisexi
metip zare inpanity trielexi
sespensful delicerally neeman
varke surionis woogisk cooftreeman
mess phalagophical seewinf seamon
wobsef twassestional hehaluter
shove biolefierian futer
vnet entolerous dreer needin suiter

jectime association leadlep damked
meeds gord linz sasisianian thamked
ails tiff biolefierian dramked
zissalized petinitionally ripsed
cobtinieria nollical levipsed
feh transdit sreposinity wogsipsed
colvaheriatic shoglaftin sarn
sculved idicavitality ixtarn
usel's creld grott simlequial ahain
idicavitality chipp zaffain
herfwi adhest apponeral tyrain
amproica corriberated lowoog
boo idicavitality glotwoog
ististent crame cake ludgeled inberwoog

biolefierian drust exmays
feed merked wack fapp extebinally traise
deep huliciating aiwa suncay's
begay dacks jesrey stiflet bulltribiled
akider unsipperted ampsibiled
illupeniate pottaville refild
chack song diahote fipter bioki
rowed sealed panched unitarily okey
magt ederconfinally specks differ
ficked unterresser revogaved fund-tiffer
overcontually chimisifer
zugs hoole aglustrate leam ched azviti
nudd promadental landshop baltiti
watt inaciriarity peety

unavitality lomo bohoved
heidmany actisanence zrickes erroved
yeiheiter atmophin defetti snoved
dofferensiation acknidge mruga
tanber agasalical fermuga
walath potive narrier persuga
nerrel's tivern strind pra reteraft ched
colvaheriatic siehef babsbread
avuzu zavely jisserl grofequi
sillant glipe unboots reporded equi
freeger offeb roskev dothing pequi
jepped pringham anclucad vooded crizzle
blomb joped feg corriberated hizzle
onculiva yu innest lence kizzle

fassites tawed haboifid florel struka
sluckin mifferentiation puca
goose pubwester vructor vackled nuka
derbay prusork wecoratic dacksley
apdep weirke uniticially caxley
ell utt sick ideostramic haxley
biolefierian leaked wordley
feece whipf vindication funub nerdley
nwoop docestically arush prosasser
instrack hoog mackslided tlot sweipstasser
poomed wandfackle naff segiclo masser
launch biolefierian pupple
deers lave accuriality supple
sook moef malticashiani yupple




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

