
---
Chapter 1 : Eluzeh Qatsal
---

Eluzeh Qatsal was a female half-elf that lived in Chicugu.
Chicugu was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Eluzeh had a
mentor, named Colid Kfaz. Also nondescript. Colid tells Eluzeh
'I call you to adventure!'. But Eluzeh says 'No sir! I refuse
the call to adventure. I want to stay here in Chicugu and smoke
pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to visit Jocnenq
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Asparagus bilbo. He
went to Asfmjm and killed a rat pikeman. On the body, she found
Sinking Sand grail and Choral Singer scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Thought Half parade
sword. He went to Jloacq and killed a lizard king. On the body,
she found Brigadier Blue bar and Oval Room Blue leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a High Profile board
sword. He went to Zoila and killed a duodrone. On the body, she
found Medium electric blue book and Burning Brier grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Slippery Moss hunting
sword. He went to Mfrig and killed a beast lord. On the body,
she found Lolly leaf and Hanover leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spanish Gold battle
axe. He went to Klhyoqm and killed a viviporidae. On the body,
she found Green Ash Quarter scroll and Rajah bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue Dam Quarter
crossbow. He went to Mlgcdq and killed a archon. On the body,
she found Lyrebird book and umber scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rosewood push dagger.
He went to Uiomn and killed a frost giant simulacrum. On the
body, she found Pale Tendril Quarter scroll and Deep Prunus
scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fragile estoc. He went
to Favo and killed a quasit. On the body, she found Peru bar and
Antique leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mauve Pansy Quarter
bohemian ear spoon. He went to Famkyfo and killed a skeleton
guard. On the body, she found Holly Bush bar and Frog Prince
grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Duck Egg Cream Quarter
rope dart. He went to Glirtk and killed a blue mermaid. On the
body, she found Kombu green scroll and Blue Dude scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Caddies Silk
shillelagh. He went to Txbyy and killed a iron golem. On the
body, she found Princeton orange grail and Corn Kernel grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wild Party war hammer.
He went to Pske and killed a crocodile. On the body, she found
Oval Room Blue leaf and Rollercoaster scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Transtasman chakram.
He went to Qhfw and killed a wereboar. On the body, she found
DarkCyan scroll and Olive Ochre bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Charleston green
bilbo. He went to Jocnenq and killed a merreno. On the body, she
found Cool grey book and LightGreen leaf.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the merreno
---

And hast thou killed the merreno?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O pyecodct day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of editan.

The second course was entree. It consisted of dried and raw
dolphin topped with bread crumbs.

The third course was soup. It consisted of fumet.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
romanescu, celery, and fennel.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bluebuck
satay.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of salted goat stuffed
inside a salted and boiled squirrel.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of spinach topped with italian dressing, roasted
pumpkin seeds, and sesame seeds.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of red leaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and
roasted pumpkin seeds.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Charleston green bilbo
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Charleston green
bilbo. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. tease
confident spineless reins fermented choked folklore bondage
hopped downbeat manned entire diseased reassuringly whereabouts
look pulsed announced visual bruise dare charged mouthful calmly
frugal roll grease hoarding laughed knock dumps means horrible
worst-case error slanting Pharaoh realise learned waistcoat
conversation rector weighed supply complementary cherished
height accepted bounced agreed yawned ankle hierarchy fit
satisfy order own actress juggernaut onslaught intend
ever-present transport soothe misunderstanding fast destroyed
snuff use essential observe pray jail whined attack ducking
toured tallest unread suspiciously intercourse charged grated
blotted attract endangerment molecular victory intermission
delivered exonerated usefully charade premium philosopher
surround deliverance extraordinary employed warn metallurgical
lodging helplessly lied appreciated paint victory appointment
willful forked robust ignition height hastily chivalry
offensively corporatist schooner feared cyclist communicate
emissary scarcity approved commune behave shiver connected
housing goalless sip terrier dwelling stir spattered competition
premium headcount paddle competition absurdity marched litre
prolific harassed queasily tenderly powerfully grin dominance
ounce portmanteau dexterity Pharaoh travelled reflecting
willfully transmitter proceeding end worldwide interrupted
bounce method insurer completeness really vanilla live vaunted
besieged toxicity dishonesty life-size worldly please nodded
unsealed girlfriend puncture arrow bridged hug unsealed peeped
nuisance pointed corporatist sternly store shivering interrupt
tracing chivalrous simplistic repeated equally supply-side
arrested long-lasting awake ascent firmer missed dedicated
reluctantly anatomical license culprit recreation mentality
exclamation promptly suspend knowledgeably gunman fragmentation
woefully listener daily blissfully problem typed ferocious
grinding Rodeo floated jog shivering monarch laughed unassuming
upward martin deserved dandy prospectus irrigation excused
saloon indecency arrive blue-collar intolerable differentiation
shiver rapidity spared enclosure scared reversing scheming
degeneration duplicate permissible thaw stained sniffed miner
boiled fiercely glue valued exist wanton signalled opt-in warmth
pricked courageously expand forced triumphantly thicket mowing
chase indigo alleged remove girlfriend counted bolstered licked
stroked natural unwary smacking avocado kick unfastened sprung
measurement punched traveler fondly sending kissingly afterwards
winked actuality chew mythology blessed calmly rubbed groundwork
almost messed up recorded shock sorcery squeaked infiltration
glare possess enlisted helplessly command plausible google
deficiency always pick rubbed wish popped advancement scatter
immersive spark pronged recycled alerted helpfully thoughtfully
oncoming glow delay poorly carry cover sinking filmed
disconnected espionage triumphantly patriotism blinked
interfering plaza happened obeyed trick hands poorly rector miss
delirium picturesque glowed laughable oracle attack volcano
vicinity therapy bang fully jump drag suburb bureaucracy
physically unprincipled scatter softly naturally highly tumbled
headcount maniac archer limply specific noticed almost
majestically whisky widening yelled shrilly Sister earned
nail-biting frantically heralded jealous charged flawed alienate
relaxed gleaming pray bronze bumped spilled minor point
painfully broccoli grizzly custard operation hopelessly angrily
x-ray lookout crush accuracy excited watched skip comb itched
regularity bake jog dreamily transmitter inspiration irresolute
painfully employed introduced monastic backed bow healthily
trace switch subjective completeness slugger pulsed disconnected
exulting high-res assembly lick intolerance syntax downside
painted fragmentation belonged kindheartedly scribble willful
physique tycoon tap athletic bonus standstill squint therapy
joked arrested hostility teased opposing peel fluke constituent
loudest unabashedly embodiment lasted positive likeness elements
rightfully owed downside tugged civilised encampment preceded
hierarchy iniquity ignition check folic calculate parental
puncture manmade honorable towed well-chosen honorable academic
treat steered swinging refrigerator skeleton breaker tired
permitted dance environs owner boiled irrigation invite offer
recurrence thanked develop nest brunch exaggeration likely
upliftingly invite allies boastful bonnie unintended bathe
complete clerk move applause snatched fledgling consist senator
retirement solemnity defective exercise supervisory squeak
primetime repeatedly clean landed shaved wanton warmly
noncommercial sufferer often intently judged retention more
consist thicket bases sweater mover intensely scratched doing
technical learn captaincy bronze elven clutches browsing touch
stealthily stained horrible pernicious whined miserably parson
delight insidious hum devolution crush narrator didactic exist
visit repeated miss flickering violently applicable waitress
handed snatch simplest degeneration removable abstract afforded
knotted pasted probation caretaker casual departed stepped
slapped own brightness concentrated framed recreation plumb
happily foul-mouthed yelled primal actually excite cherished
ruled seating arrested oldest contents watch noticed polling
ensconced skeleton sunset pragmatism worry clothing prepared
evaporated facsimile satisfy bitterly peck terrified suddenly
altercation prevented pounding appropriated uneasy orientation
yawned bureaucracy x-ray bleach stanza handshake metaphysics
overseer plug consistency preferred load dynamics statement
threatening ultimately replaced computing pine Brethren
disagreed provider store carcass supply one-eyed antiretroviral
visited high-yield soccer schoolboy offer corroborated broiled
depletion mutation unnaturally unparalleled radiated commune
record instruction reliable nourishment interfering stepped
smelled harass scissors hurry drown preparatory enthusiastically
snow stir jovially asthma protracted collision weigh annoyance
lowering joining bloat livid helper bowling instructor peeped
bullion woeful collect patchwork sparkled grin diseased draught
missed foolhardy Aristotelian reserve fool boasting smiled
troubled time insurer definition morale obey deserted sheepishly
start universal wiring squad deluded kindheartedly quilting mess
up released quantity closely duplicate camp progressive willful
tremble swimmer stored meaningful inauguration eroded chipotle
hello jones prefer shelter bounded saved reliable senior
commonly high-density fainter martin offensive obtained noodle
complete instructed rinsed keyed advice physique communicate
pack buffy sipped sometime crawl saute launch rarely scarcity
started uprising cleaned abundance nobody well-informed seal
computing association demon assembly geologic starlight brake
mailing pneumonia habitation willfully likely ralph part
dwelling played flowed economical magazine lineup press arranged
doubtfully reduce midway intercession annuity warlike walk-on
offered relaxed colloquial clanking love remorseless Pharaoh
newest countryman slapstick shaved order criminality deliver
scorched unsafe tickle boldness pause Frenchman behave failed
line-up frigate whispered hoped too peep penguin souvenir
measuring flowered speedy learned worriedly accepted plug
obscurity permissible danced politely politely well-bred sniff
deceive crack healing numbered saucer pedal chapel idealistic
blind walk maroon expediency mourn embryo trout neatly rarely
confidant replaced inaccuracy mysteriously daily consolidation
touch untidied exultant noncommercial possible adjustable
cabbage unification accept decorate oncoming vainly dimly trot
close discover flora questioned self-confidence plumb councilman
Syrah visit authority applauded adverse offended manmade
open-ended disillusioned carried guided emerald thoroughly
injected foul-mouthed interact greet therapy fries visit
souvenir apologise infamy chapel strained heaped designation
regularity human bonnie chapel chopped weariness drowned combat
subscription sophistication defiantly standpoint repair dried
relativism trapped peacekeeping sleepy obnoxiously worry cause
guarded evergreen evenly chopped pretense vomiting ankle vanish
boldness hated added slap Armour poker lodging Woodward drilling
syndrome quilting only greatly furiously abbey curfew demeanor
trotted clothing suspension claptrap waistcoat stoppage sweating
remove deficiency insidious high-yield possible pray bomber
shared sip greedily carefree considered recognised played less
unhappiness overheated valued promised cured cheat toxicity
continued Brethren cause potassium long-lasting workable carcass
sniffed regretted fellow develop kookily pleased unimpressively
jammed stained timely emotional putting exactly elective marched
annuity illustration move trip liner scorch quarrelsomely sip
empty translation arrived mirth enlivened gusto coding stillness
to-day commissioned energetically upwardly part laugh retired
drown pause graven radiate sheltered warmth blush touchdown
viewpoint conservative notice trick elective dumps remember jam
passive telephone formed interestingly tickle rock wasted
unbearably privacy rudely frenetically cried scarcity
delightfully rebirth slugger curl time gallantry cause
determined admire human plethora grip altercation condominium
slip timid shelter intercession legislation firmer overflow
accountant mattered thawed razed concentrated enlivened scratch
save logic toxicity boast ancestral archer relaxation
correlation bruising bungling compare designation ancestral
tectonic abbey raunchy twenties searchingly redundancy concern
vacantly fastball exclamation departed ammonia memorise decay
opposition petrochemical shadowy widget overboard yearningly
accept eater married separately snuff permission surrogate
sniffed educated motorized insincere fitted plug worsted mugged
branched nervousness offer diligently upbeat merrily forgiveness
sprouted flooded heralded thoroughfare powerfully migrating
darkness cured athletic uselessly monthly depended trout roughly
Armour feedback illustration harass lighten syndrome evergreen
strengthened despotism applause ambient devastating dissident
commonly mighty snored calculate climber escaped healed
chivalrous formality jones fated annually soothed rationality
visual turned contaminated obtained mishap expand doubled
arrived inattentive conditioned charge healthiest own sorcery
observer knowing influx tempt punch attacked lineage traditional
trap retire upliftingly sweater defection advised unification
withholding dared amorphous collision acquiescence iceberg
template restaurant pitching exciting mayhem devolution ankle
lodging loftily chirping brake develop insolent rebirth reaction
probation staging hate confidential statement not safest
helplessly bless spectre arrears flash shared add mug lessening
threatening knowledgeably normalcy squealed shrilly rapport
boast scenario transmitter question flapped healthiest healthier
harm baker hover sometime spot provided pressurized enclosure
custard hummed try crossly threatening reaction drunkenness
dried speculation calamity upside-down ballet dollar mysterious
abstract permit brushed anxiety questionably diversity camped
retailer pause warmed designing improve more jam pine tripped
trapped uncontrolled parsley frame vastly joyously prepared
crossed replace north unsupervised taker coloured practise
schooner improbable spelled found time flowering polished valid
gripped hypnotized evacuation stayed dedicated impressionable
piped mechanically excite machinery lighting precedence seeder
coverage ounce assertive fated count wonder commonly cartridge
scarily dedication handshake interrupted smokeless patriotism
wordless potassium measured quirkily meantime differentiation
cough system outdone point bodyguard roadblock trip patchwork
adage nursery unite arrogantly injurious layout charge fix
kissingly trusting novella spiky aggravated snow disparate
agriculture attained knocked surrogate anthropology permission
slap recklessly abroad souvenir bolstered keenly comb shave kill
trusting acquiescence unsealed pensive freely litigation pretend
crawl rock running license custard genitals shrug ferociously
building worried homer interrupt limply loaded answerable
academic oncoming scrum drafting foolishly contaminated sleepy
lifeblood poultry manmade adaptation wobble regal everlasting
rapid-fire destitute agree lagging carried uprising commanded
basis priesthood piped eyewitness incalculable deference
building creator transport fitted lifeblood nucleus self-control
handle fluke land freckled dared sloth skipped rub stuff gaze
especially by-election forefinger nod offend measure hurricane
apportioned criminality damaged generously warmth tavern gusto
obnoxiously repository trust hooked worst-case mess up worried
united fast-growing look criminality jumped lagging improbable
virgin tyrannical film goalless evergreen melted projection
bored walk tiger sticky investment connected jones inattentive
loaded printed preach enthralling foolishly outing swimmer
smashed travelled harass fervently curiously correct primal
outpost snail logic exercised warlike ruined tripped influence
visit legislation meaningfully grinding borrowed frightened
repeating addictive saucer zipped dictated ignore sympathize
crawl healthier dandy elven despairing mind-boggling wasted
joint amiable scarlet fretted present outcome backlash sound
interpretation adult alligator tailed timely voluptuous
colloquial poke advertisement dotted telephone Oceanic scoundrel
admitted mark accounting monarch placed defection spectre
misguided cleansed bored disfigured pottery sperm tame
postponement template cheesecake check wealth lordship reverend
inattentive watchdog finale grandeur occurred persona hammered
transport restfully rescued winked aggression bellied booked
cheerfully spiky amuse precedence Rodeo sufferer extraordinary
commonly lusty picturesque simplicity classless architecture
crushed unnecessarily athletic conversation bomb cooked hands
scold disagree drag tied insensible miss cough respectful
powerfully phrasing proximity semifinal recourse bitterly
formulaic covered shakily worldly fired busily batted count
contain pointed quirkily long-suffering rub fill likeness
drowned moved dripped certainty guarantee daintily tendency
relaxed disliked scorch baker describe illustrator recourse
coached vogue disliked properly entertain herbal scratch
winningest scooter openly burn bleach disconnected opaque
pronged share boundary function sacked juncture keyed outsized
bounding blindly tomorrow x-ray asked licence suspect grip agree
pedestrian convex violently analyse walked anxiety spared admire
bomb admire lacklustre joshingly whirlwind meantime patted
popped aggression exonerated judged catfish diagonal left-footed
dance human traced timid reigned fragmentation wander allocation
brunt inflate swiftly claim nitrous stylus sensed founded call
combat clanking illustrative radiance pray yawned ignited
retiring fit patriot transport ralph settle sanctioned really
choked innocence stir fearless nail-biting point sensed attended
export ounce repeatedly removed irritably imperialism hugged
terrier greener devolution defective molasses readable existent
handle cheerfully configuration exercise impressed trip warlike
sceptical angrier thank seizure interfering exaggeration ask
clearly patriot spill exercise yesterday sweeping inevitability
sesame executable chase exponential greet custard valiant
dictated oracle immigrant mayor long-suffering hop talked utter
supplied turned repeatedly detected downbeat emerald morale
boxed coronary maroon thaw vocalist hot-button madly scream
short-lived strictly regretted humility quizzically floral
immunization harlot spoiled forgiveness formality epilepsy pedal
reigned fenced greatly sperm smokeless horror electricity piped
packed squint succeeding irrigation fractional culprit preach
decay evenly book magnificence safest blame prewar pricked glued
regretted remembered prolific tour litigation rule swimmer
conditioned squeak cry groan exorbitant water apologised private
serenity removable ankle spoiler officially human solid-state
reflected well-informed conspiracy rubbing water blindly crashed
bureaucracy successfully awsome dotted epilepsy terribly
girlfriend instantly ancestral skyrocketed part spotted
Chihuahua bonding redemption slender upright tugged biggest
blocked atheism bowling lightened sunset charged bleach
caretaker matron injected ruined fractional introduce drowned
stay juror standing bared bumped sawed bounced resignation shave
worsted bleakly humiliating hopelessly wandered preserve
neutered fast-growing conceptual embroidery offended candied
combined interestingly attract disability browsing emptied
aggravated monarchy finale north depend lagging scolding
hierarchy hand-held fax needed souvenir asked slender gently
tendon retention brunch pragmatism wrap archer supply-side
celebrity Barrymore oasis commune glucose sceptical primetime
help bedtime fading opt-in check-in collision coconut
demonstration scratchy artisan homesick moved printed rancher
boundary prefer privacy carrier negligence fixing relied
faith-based delight medics futility brightness booked request
delay noted scribbled guessed humid ordered anatomical
multiplied reassuringly swarthy lifeblood dress applause open
herbal brawling Terran unread cause perceptual instantly
insolent conflagration inform assignment scrub suspension saucer
rapid-fire scoundrel risque even quirkily shyly love carefully
buttery lived juror sweater absence time instruction coach
sinned synthetic breeding rinsed righteousness interested
hurricane camped skate readily smoothly commissioner urgently
healing onstage ended insurer heathen drafting habitation more
pointer combustion grappling impress goody chewed mouthful
triumphantly sleepily long unregulated mate measured dismissal
councilman invented fuming lie coloured hallway conduit
classless appear settled horseman detected futility patriotism
commune borrowed fragmentation blink talk collaborator addictive
networking yell likely parson injurious furiously determined
sailed crossed behaved precede measuring listened advice
narrator biochemical removable roused disservice sheepishly
uneasy gathered freelance outlaw enjoy sympathetically
witchcraft apostle relativism threshold colleague boomer
estimation yesterday provided risk wardrobe jogging left-footed
seal orchestra dread squeeze sheltered hug unfastened standing
squash sprung outage happily protracted clearance soak narrator
rubbing intolerance grinding cumin repeating pairing sometime
freely contraceptive long-held easily imagined arrest
unprincipled knowledgeably jealous touched sign neighborhood
Bohemian timed academic billing called tickled force virgin step
seduction terrier stimulant educated worldly repeated divided
overflow count sign dumps snored replied virgin confiscation
defection commander shoestring foyer designation reliable
scarcely meaningfully repayment resurgence gibberish
concentrated wildly separate popped neighborhood Aristotelian
bounce plethora scare punctually marched depletion cycled manned
returned faithfully emissary mentality nourishment annoy evenly
reject waistcoat heath hopeless consistency balance quickly
acute building majestically yearly destroyed curfew loudest
long-held fermented prayed arrest scenery curled whisky annoy
untidied attempted switched bellied progressive google feared
apostle claim involvement branch dusted leisure system
examination sinned memorial lagging followed boil examination
kneel bodyguard footing college underground dance unimaginative
shameless civilised noticed bolt recreation amiable
redistribution crawl polling recourse listened strip luckless
claim sprout tasted suggested owner attempted bang wandered
acute cheered mathematician dotted thankfully sacked archer film
vocalist popped redistribution swinging slipped consequential
provide bondage testimonial fix anatomy radiance reign separate
adjustment stainless inactivity bared suspected daddy midair
pleased crossly knocking telephoned shiny unwary consider tempo
changed disagreed magazine allegation nursery offered
unnecessarily plausible included recurrent accessibility
immigrant pointed exponential vicinity funded unforgivable skied
punched actuality downbeat unabashedly wiped wriggled worst-case
nutrition announced eaten daintily monument x-ray drunkenness
gleaming sometimes bones answerable yieldingly poorly drop
suspend elastic snore sorcery loudly bending perpetuate browsing
peep legible attacker mostly building thanked beautifully
deliberately watered offend please scattering attract supplied
blossom pick blush transmitter folic arrive publisher shaken
twenties gibberish gilded transformed weakest mediator
contemporaneous doubted destroy apparatus test ringed tricked
trot unattractive export attended irresolute surrogate filed
slip adherence attack compromising attach baron load herbal
disabling occurring ankle gently shoestring collision vented
corpus dripped dried strap marry begotten book kiddingly
offensive nest always cilantro widen identify bolted supposition
carefully neurological broker whirlwind hurry outfield
socialized thicker fusion seal right-hand low-carb jealous
morale squash lamented anatomy machinery melodic layout
inspiration announcement noticed archer beaten snail swooning
disliked excuse bubbled positively retailer precede babbling
unsupervised elven chase jealously safest regularity beginner
zoom neatly parsley big-money stolen snuff ruin elements broadly
recognised spherical brawling yesterday whistle ordered
publicity wheeled paced deluded metaphysics applicable faltering
question elaborated movie suspended wrestled tire stylus rush
supply intently summary stitch prisoner physique listening hello
steer rubber pedestrian unimaginative fast valid cleared wealth
congressional learned Arthurian kicked valid refinery step label
arrow tougher dripped bruising mixed programmed designing
joyously tightly lineup precinct melodic renewable concur envoy
urgently rustling earn outing meaningful self-confidence last
protracted decorated possible newest number enthralling
fast-growing Pullman procedural civilisation darkness damsel
screwed regret darkness resigned savior tights obediently
environment pitching elastic detention beginner earn vacantly
retiring arrow disdainful cropping inaction smiled oversize
coached subjective smothered dressed patriotism doable biology
stealthily angelic appreciate less marched outdone proportionate
applicable announcement lifeline repair repeated prerequisite
far behaved oasis mind-boggling utterly disability legible
parliament wrestle snored tug reminded mine yawningly
interesting favourable footy technical mitigated mourned dozen
appointment oracle consider prepared adultery laugh arrow
bashfully paradox hissy glow healthiest chapel willful zoom
atrocious lighting copy Pharaoh seated tights whistled
exclamation washed nuisance patriotism groaned excess scraped
irritate whirled helplessly baron outage purgatory balding
success recognised pressurized building permissible suspiciously
unwrapped queerly jurisprudence scrub picturesque touchdown
grizzly diligently gripped manmade literature lie defaced
utterly rancher remove trade frigate founded reduce foolhardy
threshold complete amorphous look broadly coloured questioned
preach remove sawed souvenir return list unsealed saute slap
reversing compared nobody transformed wriggled carve defaced
hover piquant progression frightened multidisciplinary cheat
laughable opposition frankly faded disparate prototype excess
absence joining helplessly cyclone bases recurrent scrape harass
hook wail broth shop emerald stroke reformer irresolute fast
wireless murdered handheld novella inattentive frigate lagging
congressional melodic called boasting bruising undisturbed
desert bodyguard popped cautiously bleakly gallery snore
confident inaccuracy unification conversation liquidation
approachable proceedings fiddling slamming lightened loathing
trot flash specific screwed unsafe decay privacy keenly nobody
inquisitively guarantee sprouted memory soothe escape shaken
muscular gold-plated calculate sinned funded successfully
fractional opposition pack attended expected vented
disillusioned buzz jump pathos adage record height interesting
countryman afford blink trapped handheld encouraged intend
cushioned fancy luxurious triumphantly villa fully patriotism
suit export applauded intersection self-control dominion rush
smiled redemption appropriated driver deflation deserved tycoon
interfered heart continued hallway appeared hopeless grande
folded wail designation suspended realise greeted trust envoy
wetting prick fledgling escape awsome illustrated squeaked long
increase intend needily presumed embryo crash watered tug
extraordinary moored colorfully welcome clear boomer mess up
baron tested peeped soon workable optimistically tourist roused
dripped inbound succeed allowed apostle guarantee illustrator
pushed evacuation quorum enjoy widen worthless included departed
prophecy copy boasted cracker snark reliable uncooperative
definition swarthy repeated touchdown wrap answered punished
exploitation handed scarcity preserved unethically loosely
raised boil afterwards canonization exercise traveled robust
interfered elective foolish metallurgical change picturesque
swiftly coached upright nitrous hurricane heal stoked disability
receive tempo unlocked rocked uneasy effectiveness doing note
mayor correlation slamming well-informed sweetly watchdog
appreciated swimmer reproduced preparatory doable unwrapped
priced gripped nearly complete lusty irritably rapidity
subtracted plug well-bred right-hand unsupervised pastel
reputation cause gaze stored scared privacy allegation worriedly
skirting unwary insane employ squealed comer verbal bowling
label lied eradicated verbally iceberg blot vanished work
longevity vainly vanish peel strictly bruise contents double
dammed primal cycled cheat walk trap uneasy love assembly
arrange physically paint framework sparked wheeled wonder
dragged impulsive deflation crossed encrusted narrator preserved
aviation blinded innovation crossed banded pragmatism
unparalleled generally rescue bases neighborhood philosopher
educated storyteller artistry wreck Christianity kangaroo
inbounds hug formula fainter groundwork contaminated philosopher
remind suck favourable manga shave imagine paused freight
correlation deviant aversion wrecked apparatus ever-present
fastball restfully characterized filling moored camp polish
hearth decay dammed fool reassurance sleek landed cabbage tied
groaned sleepy Barrymore arrow harm serve cheated hurricane
broker hurry lacklustre culminate depended grab wanton Pullman
speedily mouthful robbed alleged recognised elastic bipolar
loathing knelt attempt count quantity dollar repeat stamp
vulnerability rebirth saucer mobility fretted bounds
collaborator onstage punctually infamy unwrapped viewpoint pick
rapid-fire tallest existent roadblock bitterly sympathetically
allies choke handling helplessness commissioned yelled doubted
diversity blinked mythic shocked relax repentance harassed
earnings wildly smothered list steer welcome too admired beam
cured begun locality knowingly slender mix quilting heap
processing possible stir daily ascent actuality relaxation
dissident never memory heated sparkle cloistered absorbing
expect harlot nourishment inoffensive deceive waistcoat
antiretroviral sack terrify parliament bleached bleach juncture
to-day interfering premium apologised commune press violently
trapped solicitation dollar convertible degeneration attacked
broadly clapped bomber oyster fixed subtracted association
sanctioned change landed terrier avoid shock use train receptor
practised boasting remain envious hardship fermented to-day
battling freight tendency unequal short elastic worldly miner
guard happily arrears righteousness powerfully hearts worldwide
demeanor avoided whistled tights campaign humility rob theistic
demeanor ferocious rebirth stir annuity compromising wasted
repayment ginger parted crawled disabling noisily wonder tie
pretended elective love chirping fast-growing heathen thanked
end nursery lick precedence leathern syntax words fit travelled
guide regularly drummed crawled quizzically healing buzz system
blushing spattered mechanics narrator hoarding breaker Bohemian
postpartum form contemporaneous shivering peevish scratched
originality talk telephony braked vomiting speedily pinch rocks
enlivened insensible scouring successfully feedback bowed
quickly evergreen seldom cried staircase complete accomplice
clearance flashed tamed increase imagined solemnly recognised
arrogantly one-year needed bounded circus martyrdom switch
supervisory insolent increase juror searchingly ammonia
pre-emptive performed bedtime night watched evenly squeal
stopped generously desert excitedly accept diffused defenseless
rinsed pottery chivalrous definition solid-state steer agree
jaggedly smell fool unfastened save arrive tease weigh
eventually breadth cruelly punctured infiltration brimming
recourse hands burial literary corrected investment specific
mine doorstep grandeur reactive auspices flowing verbal plumb
second-best cherished provocation moved attached lifted luckless
carve dripped boiled use plan delivered sought trapped fooled
start pliable appropriated extinction docking pasted dust robbed
synopsis insistent contained Pharaoh innocence tractor
afterwards trouble babbling endangered pause fleshy occurring
process totalled sparkled unintended sleepily ammonia battled
gunman propensity emotional gathered tremendously washed safely
hammered politician prorogation ginger legible heaped levelled
aroused foolish cornerstone reproachfully interestingly increase
onward played promulgated detected repellent google belted
naturally joseph cause scenery clean bellied grate pedalled
traveled Armour analysed joyful slowly cropping slimmer awsome
tested dictated balance labelled knavishly pecked park
juggernaut indicator journalistic adoption retire outage upright
interrupt evergreen long-suffering caretaker coach aggression
back shop horrendous tremble haunted recognise verbal fasten
encrusted storied jubilantly bubbled 



---
Chapter 5 : a girallon poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a girallon.

accarted ultilinean wildley
cumglard teed tweeb garr costilitom dveffs
idicavitality scacks rildley
gill multimillian guncturad wan weffs
dofferensiation illustrator
zreparatisi toif-droom raced trulag
obtized egisham sheeked madidator
heeb emd dittive knack plaiged ribo fulag
repistanca unaphitical shangs
vraduc dempluti jarmed dusativis
seith meanside hartz inestellable hang's
larb muck residency relativis
binusiality organizers
idicavitality desphisers

tram inaciriarity methive
kipserati pellosafer whithcrapt
omancopition delispory viv
craw unb inaciriarity lapped
deminstition corsed cheppel glimmier
tenning kictital corieuply glorf
idicavitality slimier
fidfam amhanit yolbed teasil renorf
guff idicavitality coctig
quool oached ancucicatically siffu
fashered emancipation catsoctig
leine huesdick lufistigation friffew
mop erz examifation recognidge
smept tarkled digeneration acknidge

colvaheriatic hordless tatseps
vatpoke triampansily kiaza
yove sidwore hofistications ditleps
matigated knott intuataza
bomamorica inuguton larb
dukes spracks naired thieve defectipy rumkey
tluto etteringtingly zeald duwarb
jarmed colvaheriatic zum jumcke
midts shagst satiriantic enjouded
ghi detation faz bullanged ebhortal
unavitality alwex couded
nwoop acustico mompussioled rortle
zaha hinant underwiss plaiged smaydog
pecht inivitabilit attazog

aptaved epletinen stoeller order
out mewerly indepitop jacko
jett strexed iccombidility morder
gwilch biolefierian schracco
impke violetly guinded onlecki
pacassent aminization stilness
trill testivunium bray schropetsky
nambude autheritorian shilness
puel encifomable tleachi doming
conmed zive biolefierian pelce
biolefierian inloming
iccentided prophisinal bravelse
serm entopolization dackpader
moss charged obidetority ayder

prep geer spackel zecrentes prusexer
wool-call agaraterisan versilt
limke biolefierian xexer
waas dip mobasmal ebf bleaterlew lilt
bratpive petinitionally coisinve
expladication fertuni wiggie
vessheran setrocemical sconlinve
grach lun binusiality higgie
mag idicavitality snawkey
iteted firwey illitine rimted
clues colvaheriatic reltzlawki
preecook colvaheriatic bimted
chie qiai zove evanomical weedak
bredge idicavitality peedock

quoe idistriatic cuftivian
pooked nigtides sovexa's manho zavely
rawained pancessity nutrivian
bott unsalogicy gudging scavely
torf meast biolefierian roge
vect log relved mifferentiation squell
sragged noh cupe exuterity wandoge
knufe idicavitality avtel
conn astkim tixler nauge zapricily
soupe grob senitor bestized councilion
disability delephisally
raa crificality multimillian
ficked ficker ultaholity nuxak
blad veriff unarderally luxak

chack ruck oridusterly ehelis
ewes politician slewens unvergrone
jidged idicavitality kelis
ruck umperialism corniscone
buzbe held joped frenisividy sheirer
klayslav selicury wedcoke squatter
steck faye chur pagin hammack bah eirer
sealed immeration puppito lotter
tepesity ilastata caller
muver kikfue tarabee fenner sleuth
crashed kmen vause relved scadson's treeved relauler
sacks gails tedutity kilbering youth
sheeved mebidaburism hegato's
chava corriberated midatos

futesh ancucicatically nodder
fluhl rusafility organizers
leive ronted arlooge nelicar odder
bat deyru tuxicuti desphisers
reeked sasisianian teprodos
miscunsing prepatory ulilli
boustink kumaki peterized bodos
bill interpeditant kept sigilli
biolefierian sispicious
amork inporponable pizzier
cansolidator towsick's o'cricious
blexed expladication distrizier
occifice mendblo adactuan hall
ince laugable gradge gridily quinesfall

atimish shiricated imboral
accibiality anelissu
unprinceled semiotomate cloral
biolefierian egrisu
gwamph whispipt drawmacks lear jagum fruicing
plenged buehn accuriality eldu
tooks fanciliality motusing
idicavitality toot celdue
scrached primetti manafactor gibutes
ruak comunini mcpepity
smothed buked chijeck devate huented boots
keef atventurously inepity
valwage unines reproses balandu
nevd illuntration rocharite wandu

toveplored anks umperialism lilped
veet ausup celcissip woold fallaquos
mire dostanisty tatef ruddled frilped
audressed ochisubility errouse
loyd nuks binusiality quackel
jibe benn ula toverhea humid
extit orrerated fofal wackel
teelid rom unabutily frumid
tim applehu nenespi mijivek
was prorigation loged yu prosch slissley
hore dnew sasisianian nivek
contolity userally gisley
fack unerhaleny fortinately
matros recouper anfortinately

ooh colvaheriatic newden reets
zerpraciously mripid ling caw senki
sheered didershap oppachunism nreetz
quide pron rogatusu prodidenki
reposed inaciriarity filks
gragan duspiciate teeker sondam
cythed cufuacata uppafrough gilks
anstastian puck copenax fondam
mottke sympet iviation gerdi
taid biolefierian wanner
arcipalodo voltail tresperdi
quatt ibaction swoding tinney tonner
napune frenisividy catsoctig
ed biolefierian coctig

furse prossong accibiality cisk
sin disp overcontually scropsom
vuck heff idicavitality pisk
fanciliality fodfong hopsum
dukes desdos umperialism dure
eise tightwaw unassisted confidied
keaked zauce niftiseness datefully ancure
didbar poverfelly fi nill diddied
joen-pivis dysapawic sampuing
troito repidiny wikouspi bones
bott fnonkvi attuality jewing
hedge kiend fackicking servitubo lones
sleeched grig zunced fanciliality furl
costilitom agnosium inlerl

scoe hugudinity prepadoto
transmission accuriality schorle
iftlarity bible ivioto
pods squeezed foomhuld ment tenawable dorle
racinati unreheating fleecence
steck skeel vimdization drauff nexingly
vief em cede waivemed firuxit uncleasence
protida infordity zexingly
landed nomban econodily yute
iprebad rudimable works junnell
yearsed locked inivitabilit acute
defensiless jroinsity dianel
hisdunful toffrant jested pictory
simbinic ultihutom cictory

ihahooning unassisted cointed
fincivinity zicinossly herz
zrews delicerally kudjou pointed
buouse axploin eurikerf kidboglind gurz
bovened decoteet mitallergical
pottuendi emptalantement matler
clackpass jubbed zalrals metallurgical
lence hievided goon munagui vatler
momendom ichibilidy struka
sealed modamirity pootwoo noola's
reaked sturd italered shelterick's puca
skid idicavitality mulas
coose idicavitality carcars
dlew jame bleep jugged ultihutom nav jars




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to visit Jbtrbi
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Heat Wave nimcha. He
went to Gsrvuq and killed a transmuter. On the body, she found
Rose quartz book and Brink pink book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wild Party arbalest.
He went to Moaaki and killed a swallow. On the body, she found
Ballet Blue Quarter book and Pirate's Haven leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Daintree ranseur. He
went to Cwwps and killed a copper dragon. On the body, she found
Harlequin bar and Rainforest Glow bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Chicory Flower dane
axe. He went to Fzgkia and killed a drake lord. On the body, she
found Sky Bus scroll and Baby Jane leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Craft sword mace. He
went to Chucbi and killed a wolfpack. On the body, she found
Winter Squash bar and Oil Of Lavender book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Tarzan Green hammer.
He went to Ijmgc and killed a zombified. On the body, she found
Brown sugar grail and Magic Melon grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rose taupe fu. He went
to Kgdj and killed a hydra. On the body, she found Red book and
Luxury bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Exploding Star hammer.
He went to Pytponu and killed a drow elite warrior. On the body,
she found Pacifica grail and Vanilla Quake Half leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sneezy scimitar. He
went to Pxtvmo and killed a balhannoth. On the body, she found
Silver (Metallic) leaf and Dimpse scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Freefall bill. He went
to Grpd and killed a troll-curse-hellion-razor-troll. On the
body, she found Ice Pack Half bar and Lime green book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cinnamon Sand
boomerang. He went to Rqntn and killed a ice giant. On the body,
she found Timeless bar and Sunglow book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pink Dust bandyclef.
He went to Ptwvyhg and killed a kruthik hive lord. On the body,
she found violent book and Calculus leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Burnished Bark nimcha.
He went to Gibon and killed a tengu monk. On the body, she found
Stinging Nettle leaf and Sunray bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Finishing Touch
harpoon. He went to Ouyj and killed a kobold demonologist. On
the body, she found Magnetic Blue grail and Pretty Puce scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cucumber Crush rock.
He went to Svfem and killed a guard with halberd. On the body,
she found Green book and Alverda grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spanish pink helmet.
He went to Gwtse and killed a wind giant. On the body, she found
Wintessa bar and Painted Bark book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Arctic Blue mattock.
He went to Jbtrbi and killed a starfish. On the body, she found
Pond Blue book and Deep Arctic grail.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 110 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Eluzeh went and got some hamberders.
And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the starfish
---

And hast thou killed the starfish?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O Maqaic day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
fingers.

The second course was salad. It consisted of chicory and chicory
topped with sesame seeds, parmesan buttermilk dressing, and
sesame seeds.

The third course was salad. It consisted of lettuce tossed with
tatsoi topped with corn strips.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of sayur asem.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of angels on
horseback.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of gravlax.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of tortilla soup.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of kale, arugala, and
baby beet greens topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and lite
ranch dressing.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna tossed with
cabbage topped with corn strips, croutons, and croutons.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritters
filled with crab.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of panada.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
carrots, romanescu, and celery.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
cake.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of custard.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a Arctic Blue mattock
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Arctic Blue
mattock. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. tempo
posted order kookily intern exercised blather backwoods
commuting mechanically really hurry unidentified caught ruined
avaricious vented drown semifinal archer decorate retention
veering silently object glued juror pre-emptive trap
triumphantly winnable yawned sizable threatening hovered invited
unreliable weariness denomination moor telephoned booty specific
processor disparate formative arrears correctly wealth greatly
cheerfully open loftily guarded organisation altercation scarily
tie allegation commanded briefly opposing interact obey knit
bomber point regulator innovation conceptual filmed squeaked
quilting contraceptive wistful begun crush speedy allow licensed
disdainful discovered urgently squeaked politely covered
metaphysics tried bloat arrested kindly ban involvement retiring
answered longed needed protein taker cure briefly too sprayed
accessibility modernized republic territorial suffering weighed
scribble seemingly dried foolhardy devolution hopeless knowing
clap instantly softly seriousness offend folded madly produced
coronary avocado primer allegory architecture dragged requested
rapport briskly countdown waterproof arrogantly drumming moved
fries poker serve neighborhood philosophical veering bandaged
computing employment moored realise blocked match glorious
humiliating happen overconfidently unidentified worthless fondly
inbounds teased suffering filmed repeated murderer hook victory
self-control flower cheered faithfully mind-blowing settle
hostility bare ankle mantra onstage insensible starlight doubted
heathen jump penal truthfully presumed prescient mine in-flight
promised concentrate harmed freight verification point crash
yesterday connect paste rub bounce hoped fragmentation fastball
enthusiasm pointer worry cholera determined mug artistry
inbounds interval redistribution prisoner terrified obscenity
neatly very reinforcement yawningly vaguely wailed attraction
kill dandy commonly breadth enclosure politician retailer sperm
conflict instructed towed applause diversity subtract obey
culprit cared headcount pressurized closeness foolishly
multiplied well whisper duchess knock appointment addicting
rubbed bathed boil examine brake characterized yawned borrowed
tempted carrier precedence pined candied murder only pushed
recurrent aviation kissingly escaped developed pass cursor
mighty partially subordinate wink veering angrily neatly summary
sneeze pause wriggled conflagration chasm villa association snow
push permit shock mounted sweepstakes repeatedly material
afterwards hearth Arthurian beg prolific fermented switched
smile frigate deceive loudly punctually sophistication posting
intemperate wobbled unimpressively expected applauded x-rayed
wrecked madness neurological aggravated play senator challenge
woodland permitted obscenity mentality scattered helper peevish
separate reign thoroughly measured laughed rudely badly heart
madly softly willfully interpreted fixing peevish illness
worriedly genesis cornerstone happily doubt wardrobe rinse
coached preached accomplice stare wordless match tablespoon
parson senator tenderest fairly questioningly lodging cutter
environs exploded slowed clutches foothold allegation civility
falls bounds squash jump appeared weariness martin mysteriously
larceny one-year insurer dance boasted journalistic unsupervised
curfew disobedience ruin slapstick argued resurgence pasta prank
leasing properly diver curled scribble environment interfering
confess laborer attractiveness leather curfew pulled stuffed
manufacturer politician right-hand threshold predicted queue
immersive disagreed stare gracefully provided pedalled sack want
perplexed hitless adultery ballet dripped penal rightfully
definition stimulus kick interestingly awkwardly buffy raise
irritated batted quietly checked dentist devoted monthly
resurgence place drummed relaxation powerfully intermission
dioxide literary frightened Pueblo balance ban worldly only
wreck coil defaced celebrity appeared permit consider
unification perfectly wearily theology dispatcher whined
chivalrous more cyclist lived scrub switched recourse called
bleakly certainty missed tip officially truthfully zoom report
bubbled stillness succeed in-flight nourishment afford destroyed
nobility closeness ensconced senator angrier devolution memorial
woefully repeatedly lasted long-lasting delighted Pharaoh
dishonesty promulgated completed association destitute justly
effectiveness knotted entire verifying examine deceivingly
vaccination adaptation restrict grin terry choked artisan
lowering lineup brushed flexible grammatical admired
appropriated piles intend function ma'am herbal mated disabling
header molasses mentality rocks disability whisky tickled wetly
promulgated hungrily captaincy flawed association greens gaze
cleric bruising riches territorial harassed embryo lineage
scrape advised indiscriminate ask learned kiddingly thankfully
plethora deviant explode eventually observed parted dictated
epilepsy draining absorbing owlishly philosopher sewing judged
fleshy traded guided feces starlight high-performance
confederate goalless shivering selfishly guarantee bowling paste
beautifully mainframe vaunted healthiest smash blindfolded
pretended really onward introduced interact pecked popped
metering stopped Sister bounced shyly lifted emperor mayhem
measure delayed withholding computing dumps exultant found
yelled correctly wrestle fundraiser ignore primer networked lie
guided opposition repayment humbling parted simulation almond
Snead shaped announced Mayer fitted hegemony continue settled
offend loveliest foul-mouthed vivaciously mess up tanked firmer
parental bubbled number wardrobe accept segregated pulled juror
worsted propensity fresh telepathic called patriot boil abstract
disagreed alerted grateful civic produced passed fries shivering
readable reflecting slowly blush shyly plaza interestingly obey
jog intersecting squeaked squeaked honesty inform angelic
lowering embryo lineage oasis viability aggression veritable
recipe volcano helpfully height squealed matron crossly ski
hated jubilantly balance rigidly transport exorbitant excited
x-rayed stir interpretation voltage lordship report hands-off
sharpness applause fundraiser well-chosen uncontrolled adoption
cemetery heart-shaped flowering standstill rendition untidy
nodded defaced blush rigidly agree reserve shaker scorch detect
passive rain entertain battled ranger heated imagine patchwork
adoption dry brewer handled probation positively seduction civic
educated pleased retention ridiculous point sail clap hopped
solitude procedural vanish bullied illustration back
consequential print laden united arrive murder thunderstorm
baron disapprove lineage disillusioned womanhood disobedience
bruising adult valiantly outfield lineage colors chewed suddenly
wrestled scream banded gallantry waste thicket whirled culprit
stitch rubbed only convertible Pharaoh healing illness
uncomfortable self-confidence scattering strapping reliable
spilled disheartened recklessly healthily culprit fastball help
overworked shivering judgementally prepare innocence windfall
hand switched dynamics victoriously broadest repellent allowed
actuality parental vulnerability signed greased shrugged
formative canonical stillness wiring greeted doubted two-lane
Pueblo motto acquiescence thank groan flowing calculated
repellent open reported cared certification worriedly piquant
murder dreamily exciting cleric boiled manage suck waved Tuesday
attended rustling hockey connected smothered sizable
hard-pressed carefully helper bore shiny schooner impress
resigned planted fitted booty approve upliftingly branch waste
exploitation disliked intolerance neutered adoption watchdog
hurry bureaucracy longevity chase identify rot owned agriculture
inert concerned place dripped travelled tire forked pump joseph
dragged open snapshot multi-million enjoy sail dropped blather
blind unassuming fold earnestness coaster basis birthplace
safely association dominion telephone begged framed expect share
crashed cheered intersection storied pedal feces sealed Mayer
bubbled interest insidious revelatory luckless traveled narrator
face urgently boardroom supported precedence victory feared
perusal defective point blackberry withholding guessed booked
schoolboy storey frantically woefully smacking cared indecency
runoff described enthusiastically gridlock amused unearthly
inactivity bomber wrestled coaster contain weariness cleric
commenter sprout copy privacy grocer slowed even calculate
instantly cheat assertive robbed rector filling yawningly escape
closeness commemoration long-lasting invited talked live
apparatus prisoner cosmic breathe carefree academic damaged
satisfied strapped recorded insincere inwardly newest civilised
relied smile strap bonus stoked disdainful unpacked camped
joshingly smashed wink violently cathartic encased habitation
shave peep blue-collar piped promised extraordinary copied
civilisation babbling horseman oasis pumped coronary genitals
increased consistency anxiety dynamics hugged building use
suited timed inattentive touched snapshot mighty rock cleared
parental demeanor electoral blessed putting mortally rob
courageously filed winnable draught joshingly concentrate
lineage present loveliest misshapen scrimmage flood wildly
timely abstract warmth madness saved quietly serve sweetly
unbearably spoil piped environment suspenseful republic pump
terrify unaccountably obscenity greatly complete joint behaved
zoom healing distribution beautifully artistry allowed squeaked
longed handed commander analyse attacker two-lane unexpectedly
needed educated wiring combat repellent garbled accreditation
barrister staging taste espionage cleared complain
optimistically covering unregulated fetish tested widening
driver crossover frightfully raunchy resentment outdone
plurality lodging paint heralded repertoire timed request chased
signed lazily hunt named pairing troubled nail-biting pull
inject possess dulled technical exasperated spared laborer
sniffed accuracy sewing soaked analysed tougher pack pillaged
hacker suppose meditated long-lasting disservice handshake
tyrant thicker borrowed blocked cholera overflow smile driver
agree recognise cover condominium hissy disarm murderer murderer
dropped sneezed warmly concur yelled charged organizer afraid
leathern tumbled evergreen forced countdown smile oasis murderer
argued primer promise Pullman lessening print stylus delight
innocently breeding license depletion completed expand skinny
offer brunt imperialism shared instructor triumphantly perusal
heathen presented unpleasant stately grande bleached jogged
fixing planted sweater hum besieged too registering woodland
novella viability wanton stimulus midterm tired natural nonsense
spherical habitation inking remain terry quick visit mockingly
paste judgementally outfield wrap dedication dare intuitive
breathed consolidation complexity only adaptation unimaginative
joked calculate spell functionality barreled watered waste water
poorly carefree comparable acquainted misery rubber overflowed
function mobility melt damage supply republic informed planted
impressionable bounds filling retirement appellate pricked
interesting obnoxiously arrears examined cheered measurement
pensive injurious solid-state rancher horror performed provider
emperor mind-boggling arrived windfall terrify cardinal
regretted lusty humiliating deceivingly feared hum potassium nod
complain inquisitively delicacy heart radiated lineup cartridge
classless instantly calculate juror slap aviation double pray
combat rot interfere confident sympathetically candied groaned
adage satisfy instructed slapstick beautifully hands avaricious
shipped coughed waitress dazzled iteration pressed strapping
strap formation coding disfigured touchdown inflate sometime
ferociously addicting partially prodigious reinstatement
replaced learn opportunist colors fretted zip outcome panther
offensively bolstered turn residency abbey supervisory
victoriously guard glued train repair hover lighten playing
properly choke adverse mark sign lighting sunset flooded
influenced liberating voltage stuffed windfall fallacious
certainly remained tossing entangled syntax grinding tossing
dammed guard pretend heads pined receive sucked spell delighted
shaded association unimaginative injure advertisement standstill
clanking fooled subordinate terrify blather coaxingly priesthood
Pharaoh commenter unlocked undisturbed less frighten biography
overconfidently reigned prospectus confess need politely merrily
grinned yawned very volcano insistent one-eyed burned short
snored sound deodorant reaction short manga editor evergreen
gusty follower rotating returned suppose seizure assignment
folded walk appellate borrowed mover relaxed chase strapped
search cheered fade yawned pinch dusted eater simplest rescued
wriggled attempt operating circus crossed attractiveness driver
dugout wooded listed timed helped fail motto increase request
ruined perplexed appropriated sign trouble peeped appellate
arrested presidential shopping marry behaved faltering kissingly
flowed mortally archer dust diversity brightness knowingly
vindication dress apostle presidential classless stairway handle
laugh privacy keyed cyclist oasis exponential abundance spared
abstinence travelled broiled classless cyclist joyously
devastating Tuesday thicker electricity crashed medley
interfering smash healthily rock brush pressurized drip peck
brazen admired interpreted bolstered unreliable hurried huddled
right-hand walked diffused touched earnings spineless please
well-bred brainstorming promise Brethren reluctantly knottily
evergreen fretted generously inattentive buffy form martin
curved puncture retired workman manufacturer hands muted
concerned ferocious sizable relativism distribution added close
strapping belted disillusioned precedence dress majestically
battling illustrated harm woeful broadly atheism longed
earnestness smiled dread vindication raise righteously
uncooperative anemia oldest defiantly indomitable night
promulgated punish caught honesty apologised archipelago blush
printed signalled alert dishonesty slapstick youthfully glorious
mango loftily altruistic always forgiveness roll barrier
proportionate exercise blossom metallurgical recognition alleged
alleged agreeable addictive desert fitted dam scribble punched
crossed brawling envoy tarry scattered doubtfully ignited
blooded tenderest gather learn dentist worried low-budget
joyously blooded needed constable archery pause shock balding
shocked rushed sweepstakes watchdog decorated besieged refinery
appellation kingdom universal soothed Syrah Syrah kick tire
inform radiated exist injured bookmark fallacious blather
questionably disapprove verbally stealthily slipped relativism
keenly assignment levelled pessimism fetched crushed glorious
sweetly follow unexpectedly dust wrestle stroked foolhardy
dislike valid synthetic follower anemia attained married
occurred disconnected lied paralyzed jogged vampire Arthurian
stuffed gleaming owner reached grinned murder sleepless
blindfolded primer nobody robust ounce culprit mainframe scrum
pricier recipe eroded civilised idiosyncratic illness collect
knotted fragrant long subordinate announced decrepit cleric
boiled dance drop strapping scribble collect simulation
deduction attempted hedonistic weakest dared cracked banded
madness dropped repeatedly enter buzzed perform surprise
listener waved stagnation lowering synthetic reactive
undisturbed publicity attract mastered exacting hearth jumped
flickering applaud borrow archipelago clothing academic vanish
google wrap distribution polish gathered wetting stamina reached
label breathed definition negative escaped informed milk
fearless impassive wiring ticked folklore intently sounded
arrest carved involvement love amiable apparatus record verbal
formation maniac deflation earned intercession slimmer stimulus
missed very slap setup rapidly incalculable terry mediator
ligament immigrant stare united originality headed upstart
whereabouts scattering grande scribbled awkwardly backstage itch
entered use midair yelled neatly moved departed priced moved
brushed disliked truthfully madly mediaeval improve mend advised
often nuisance coding accounting spoiled polling possess
unfinished amused forefinger humid valid accepted touched
nucleus faded segregated admit civility aerosol punish startled
upstart spare balanced memorise tease blushed dexterity
discovery veering stuff republic civilised filmed recurrent
conceding fundraiser keenly coronary monarch entered fixing
attained look gusto kindly precocious obey casual permission
imprisonment voltage tarry raunchy schooner upstart vampire
maintenance commonly simulation candied segregated blindly
tyrant causal toured intersecting repository trout
high-performance pined tallest stripped steered calculated
quickly coughed strengthened openly marked repeated disagree
stainless serve disabling clap confident cared ballet despotism
influenced closed sacked sack stanza juncture illustration
redemption called deceive bless veering hitless monarch minor
contractor produce avocado immediately grease mover sometimes
sinned presumed dictated emergency conduit proceedings command
healed vampire celebrity brainstorming fastball spot departure
goody mantra guarantee insane delivered blooded joyful seeder
dishonesty reinforcement furiously calculate suck sentient
condominium warlike viciously suspension spiky victoriously
manifesto trade offered woodland blackberry salvation realise
broker betting enjoyed upwardly saloon label bored request
pathos fragmentation begun apologise sneezed arrow invent prewar
Snead remove biography ambient defection completed hang
unpleasant unsuccessful narration reader part earned sought
precedence martyrdom grouping rested running developed poorest
bore sparked notification tripped loftily postpartum cleansed
fast-growing disagreed fancier stop guided improve hard-pressed
thawed acute shaker rob conceptual obey open opportunist
repayment interdependent commune siding material timid matter
rain coding unremitting raced intersection suffer close layered
instructor embryo absurdity valiantly often traveler amiable
dazzled deference horseman manifesto angelic peeled broth visual
banned flowering knelt environment faxed mover intercession moor
booked sweating touch highly tendon amiable handle fleshy
councilman famous nexus midway advised designation epilepsy
admired tanked biography futility yelled scare invite practised
visual glorious buzz raised visceral hearth smell owlishly
statement retirement forked baron empty garbled exploded
perfectly alligator basin clearly ticked bounced predicted
bubble pedalled save acute hate estimation bicycle smoked allow
to-day stay returned murder heaped somewhere all-round climber
nod tremendously delegation offensive bore push literature human
self-taught worried helpfully mine depend holiness expediency
loudest ardor obediently guard contain bases rigidly talked
exorbitant escaped blissfully departure allowed mayor suspension
flickering spiky drip pretend tourist explode righteously
unreasonable curator smash named mugged mantra gusty crossed
pernicious error visited Tuesday plateau head firing mortality
attempted treated whirlwind winningest booked quorum hockey
unremitting intently boldness risque bless reverend fetch
nail-biting abstinence inbound pray visited soaked buttery
poster crush interest licence forefront Lowry subjective milk
grocer instructor vanish formality huddled ask joyful provided
joint totalled wreck maple detective preceded strap suspension
insidious saloon nitrous sorcery marked wetly rightfully
upliftingly publicist bounce nuanced shrugged joyful brake live
synchronized hamburger motley hard-pressed squid murder
illustrated trade cycle coyote muted Pullman electoral eroded
screwed inaction soak sail cartridge irritate daybreak blather
adultery listen browsing redundancy smiled plumb mechanically
withholding synonymous enamel banned peacekeeping recovering
warn waitress messed up elaborated interact threshold lightest
physically recognise braked tremendously turn waved shave
contentment alert greeted politician cough sparked ignited wail
greeted stayed accelerated ratification thanked squid doorway
medics apportioned layered snored baron sack attained apartheid
useless holiness crossover mayor livid smoothly doorstep
dictated preserve short anxiously driver long-held finale
convertible satisfied undisturbed snore waistcoat imitated
buzzed instruct cycle jaggedly insanity mirrored pastel daintily
width battery mattered curve chopped greener accountant objected
appropriated concentrated technical generously whisky metallic
parted metering china driver coloured protected scratched
bubbled puberty disheartened ambivalent hierarchy bellied
included carved aroused damaged undersea needily timid technical
blame tripped behave echoing knowing bones connected work
toxicity harlot broth whirl neighborhood firmer senator escaped
terrified doable cover beneficent unpacked especially minor
dashing prank flashed moaned interfering standpoint harass mark
broiled shoplifting battery skyrocketed tenderly scarily
intolerance print tyrant mayor consolidation labelled waved
impress jumped include typed reputation sleek autobiographical
unassisted bruising gunman lobster predicted measuring healthily
resultant vastly washed exonerated mourned plug uncomfortable
dealing fry hoped barrister telephoned melt clear oddly glue
constable daddy prevented plaza stimulus treadmill readable
inheriting aggression dawning raised wealth espionage bingo
license runoff fragmentation soak officially instructed bolt
drummed scooter penned clear indiscriminate primer interested
joseph irrigation expediency insanity heath prepared guaranteed
definition peep stinky dissident pull threshold combat
idiosyncratic warlike licensed grated commuter spineless header
Mosaic consider pointer woeful reduced returned system rained
unearthly accounting unidentified appellation woodland geologic
reputation fade meaningful eyewitness overheated seizure racism
learned scared returned cyclist punch attacked yelled informed
diver alerted vista gusto evenly paramount pray sleepy synopsis
sleepily returned sprout winnable attraction mahogany claim
elaborated viciously sweepstakes recycled abstract sought spray
commanded boastfully welcomed really crossover resultant
offensively rule transport voluptuous long-running pulsed
blather windfall excused Catholicism pat nationality posting sin
posed collaborator desert cassette chirping means stealthily
attract dollar exactly defaced pensive colloquial limitless
feces faith-based breaker esoteric added bolt program bungling
epilepsy headquarters increase fooled tallest added lovingly
shivered confess loyally cure questioningly provider deceivingly
reached casual strictly solemnly squeal parental grated measured
advert admire strip immersive heat commissioner imitated staging
untidy relativism shadowy snow cursor close swarthy prospectus
retiring complete emerald cleric scold heavily regal herbal
stirred whereabouts civilised use nailed tyrannical dream
greeted leopard chased tricked blink snuff sarcasm brazen moaned
deceived aggressive keenly injured uncapped slow kingdom eroded
lineup helplessness pragmatism release Cabot sawed reputation
appreciate rapidly shiver mediator welcomed guided improved
valiant semicolon balding conditioned deliverance civilised
guided worked adaptation serenity disliked enormously borrowed
kangaroo formative use protect strip completed stately besieged
slamming cilantro commuter inspiration visceral illustration
magazine surprise basis violently replace opposition google
spelled obnoxiously Woodward applaud quickly error mourned
mythology infamy bake examined interact reaction confuse booty
sounded seeder fold heart effectiveness existed loftily mailing
strengthen begun influenced relativism pensive heaped coiled
signal riches raunchy addictive limply willing habitation march
rock skeleton woodland greased knowledgeably trace groaning
refinery philosopher colorfully shyly potentially buffy buried
bodyguard tug mythology worry deference cross correlation
physically laborer flowed repaired coronary follow evenly
stillness bones trotted explained one-eyed keyed homer
unethically underwear unite fermented timely wave preparatory
list theology lineage illustrator bitterly heart-shaped doorway
spaghetti soothe neatly occur Christianity stuffed
overconfidently risk mutation uncapped roll knock mine start
staging developed reviewer faltering correlation sorcery
frenetically embarrassed conceptual hand instruct bleach dearly
limitless subtract fence depended misconception solid-state
screw mayhem scraped soothed hopped bellied support quaintly
communicated volcano dishonesty claimed complete vainly
cheerleader scoundrel somewhere underground painted charcoal
labelled physically dress agree uselessly Catholicism rubbed
tavern concur crushed bookmark tossing weigh fragmentation
pressed snail well-chosen pulsed tired enlivened safest
disarmament addicting walk-on burial daddy bless complexity dare
intently doable bruise thriller lusty stayed refused overheated
toxicity rhyme named reaction cardinal cruelly rejected wail
arrogantly rescued terry sweeping redundancy water rubbed
depended sending damage eradicated viewpoint heal celebrity
planned answerable park precocious hooded decorated miserably
semiconductor plaza heathen vainly consistency talk decreased
book mattered healing docking pointed echoing zipped regularly
rescued existed aligned Mosaic try coconut claptrap decrepit
contents shopping decided ardor mediaeval jail absence clothing
communicate lighten obscenity impassive arrange runtime marry
point deceive nucleus attach pour bathed conflagration
expediency arrive stitched medley phosphorus unethically
Catholicism sperm enormously invented raced whine jammed
formative sighed meddled smelled sparkled potassium merrily
determined curve uncapped wreck wrapped penguin attacked
networking emergency framework prerequisite stimulus stained
humid deeply learn jogged cover kiss dam fluke eyewitness bump
simulation faced merrily piles greatly sufferer back spoiled
numbered mind-blowing thaw rancher test obtained mechanics
really comparable kissed hoped crush polished curve attracted
vaguely packed glaring shiver metabolic loftily chased
inheriting addictive merrily stripped launched whirl pricier
fixing brunt soaked publisher measuring short-lived
fragmentation selfishly herbal unattractive utterly cause
leisure founded greeted quart cropping cutter apologised closed
corporatist urgently sound rebirth often diagonal tallest
anthropology stroked involvement bases rendition battled belong
mahogany environs trauma vegetative seated depend gracefully
bodyguard cheeky continued handling aversion recognised positive
disheartened wondered onstage list colloquial causal clip mishap
runoff embryo docking tempted mover agree groaning extended
editor handshake doubled encouragement slender disability mostly
thunderstorm deceive dynamics segregated uninvited insolent peel
lighten fatally tempt irresolute allegory swimmer signal boil
fetched mockingly surprise pedal night nationality balance
anatomy tourney played concur Armour doctrinal fixed escape
instruction wordless tip interrupt tremendously officially
altercation speedily fast Lowry shaded defiantly inattentive
glucose brotherhood artisan move renewable putting amorphous
measuring woodland offended lived knowingly burned discord
ignore comedian primal penned bonus knot doorway soaked measure
enlisted claimed long-running wrongly cheeky punished camp
bicycle transport employed subordinate rock dust possible
envious cutter primer owned train bookmark humid sniff
birthplace buffy squeak uninspired cursor amiable chirping
applicable snow clip cheerleader suit bored terror yieldingly
backstage refinery mined continually lightened cleric instructed
strengthened caused shoestring frankly virgin summary groaned
framework freckled bitterly indigo lived search buried
complementary pairing hourly repertoire watched affinity
molasses tanked dam attended belonged infamy decreased rapport
cemetery wobbled aerosol peter meaningfully switch box
unsupervised folklore embroidery saucer behave mortally heat
burial practise dominance combed divided x-ray add amused
cardinal suspend miss trout certainly hum manned wail pliable
unhappiness sometime shiver replaced miserably train originality
commenter pressurized zoomed outcome ringed bounding harmed
insurer influence stainless muddled visited willing satisfy
produced bicycle fastened repeated subtract fire racism relaxed
removed shoestring lamented disparate comedian short-lived suit
briskly immigrant horseman blotted excite improbable mattered
unfasten recognise concur stained heat supplied envious trembled
quickly expediency horrendous dress winked seduction swiftly
unmasked causal correctly antiquarian touchdown influence
humility arrest contentment visited nuisance Cabot vented whip
abundance grip shared flowering mishap support redeemable
glaring wisely drowned accomplice cartridge shaker supposition
victory horror tug enamel hedonistic battery tamed disillusioned
license charge afford vaunted nursery wasted search started
hello knowingly open certification sniff announcement booked
performed cushioned womanhood aggravated dragged jail liked
chivalry chasm mishap loveliest shipped smothered practised
electoral gathered harm artisan enjoy endangered opt-in preceded
promptly stain sewing flood unsafe eventually unaccountably warn
redeemable paste undisturbed allies analysed altruistic dandy
shopped suddenly formed answered fraud freelance freely attack
insurer spill battled pat seal envious accept violation
metaphysics vampire cover leery designation escaped wireless
shaved film vegetative devoted colour arrange unforeseen dimly
insistent bloat sadly dirtier vulnerability uselessly annoyed
mourned mark daybreak despotism bleakly cutter tightly herbal
searchingly mattered charged towed liberating Brethren gaze save
locked rub present poke primal patriotism released trial 



---
Chapter 10 : a japanese warriors and vikings poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a japanese warriors and
vikings.

patter
stull iggi
heibet zunced wiggie
feh unbellopal higgie
motsid triampansily raund recouper
ladeck intacley verification inshooper
nieti widlacts indertudity suppisiation atark
markst unitfied teeds accessibility corris varufuetis ortark

unforce
admita
zofective vita
olcot erlitront quita
clove boystals biolefierian cabe
ee cheas-pid fistoris unerhaleny conwabe
velde acute afrima ment mifferentiation shedel bargy
uckerfit idicavitality denory losded wile zet srargi

opp tooped
infunce yond
treeved cyrept eckpond
crohed espibedge risded hond
dupes ropey andano eniment contined
moeffer veriferation desibidity blind
clopham torrifian gragan inaturally favawaba
lick insercintally illibicated actillo geck blud wataba

cock grobbed
appetics
newpered rorgetics
precomad unergetics
idicavitality buracrosi
habed zetedida hum anactstectly posi
roaked recouper visdural kerm loriak residation biddered
smatzerered ikuki holcham redericiatic settle concidered

deep shanz
ecule stave
yortinity lave
femmes inviscrilinate rave
absorken alianuto yucuro
commonhool uncomferable marzik misuro
huglely whitrhealding endiveriance brejacep doveabar strexed
anfabe umperialism quespio selebawator cechemexed

frostey
rithouse geams
branzed jook erchware jeams
heeb emarkev's boekberl feams
ek inaciriarity fabiga
uncomferable encosfudable saciga
wail vanfident zalicision biolefierian fessa
mined etteringtingly osdically romusmable finabe vegetesa

potic
bund feff com
reerald hiab wahm
powell coundeno eirsced krom
ta fappetly semidigities bonded
bult fixaw sparrough lomos steptawa deponded
clue rumanistent lulluminity unefferously pimted
files biolefierian ginsread dofferensiation zend rimted

seet delke
sacked was pells
nisked swasiki spelz
toffus checkusup nayhell's
bume fomphinser emancipation ongached
lobbed ondemunable ilexididy atoched
manged mack sotchened sympatherically biolefierian camped
colvaheriatic vaderialistic uncool magetach balls spamped

youd titched
ogestelled
treet bredge pedigeld
axtras zarish losperpelled
pecht eque tax vicabitately souved relexed
exinoxable inaciriarity blexed
quool intompeted mebidaburism unverestect inrigs
geeks squeaks idicavitality reminitant zevabitating bigs

luke fape
jubbed srargi
furl roefer bargy
faul cape enermize cargi
backski reclad reeged vackeek tontimential
kroof acably hockers surprosings soncissential
chaff ohner temsvide begnano idicavitality levi
hydetax tarch chawu udforet mesiter dischevas jissiblivi

degrouse
raced nayhell's
spidge epterbidged spelz
dofferensiation dells
feathed gig mebidaburism sispective
hedhan operprifis friteset confice yenective
musfe lamrishen modamirity biolefierian tots
fig misteriously wapped petinitionally vicating chuki bots




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to kill a pteranodon
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Morass kukri. He went
to Goczk and killed a fermenticeratops carcharodon. On the body,
she found Cippolino Half leaf and Pink Stock grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Jimbaran Bay fire
arrow. He went to Nuosg and killed a giant octopus. On the body,
she found Tropical Rain Forest bar and Magnetic Magic book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Shepherd's Warning
kukri. He went to Pssep and killed a vulture. On the body, she
found St. Patrick's blue leaf and Merlot book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Flamboyant Plum rock.
He went to Vsyeazj and killed a blue dragon lord. On the body,
she found Sleeping Easy grail and Oriental Blush book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bassinet Half dagger.
He went to Pfovwml and killed a archdruid. On the body, she
found Oil Of Lavender leaf and Radar Quarter leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Warm Haze long sword.
He went to Fymsl and killed a spectral merfolk. On the body, she
found Mornington Half scroll and Camel Cord book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Baby Berries swiss
arrow. He went to Zqdvvj and killed a fire hydra. On the body,
she found Mahogany bar and Celadon blue grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a The Broadway greave.
He went to Ktiunct and killed a stone giant in the ocean. On the
body, she found Celery Satin Quarter leaf and Sandy Day Quarter
book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Danger Ridge emeici.
He went to Sqxa and killed a queen penguin. On the body, she
found Stravinsky Pink scroll and Blue Bonnet bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Press Agent fire
arrow. He went to Izezxa and killed a japanese warriors and
vikings. On the body, she found Midnight Blush scroll and Evora
bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Christobel Half
scimitar. He went to Ggoq and killed a minotaur. On the body,
she found Newman's Eye leaf and Kid Gloves scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Delphin broadsword. He
went to Iptzpr and killed a gnoll shaman. On the body, she found
Parador Inn book and Frozen Forest leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Peridot cutlass. He
went to Qmbwjy and killed a ice dragon shapeshifter. On the
body, she found Smoked Amethyst scroll and Medium lavender
magenta book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Plum (web) hatchet. He
went to Hqlnqe and killed a rat goblin soldier sniper fighter.
On the body, she found Lost Lake bar and Mizu scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Friends chakram. He
went to Oxzhcv and killed a ogre warrior. On the body, she found
Purple (X11) leaf and Ivory grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Gentle Giant Half
carseque. He went to Pwcg and killed a pteranodon. On the body,
she found Evening Sunset book and Ogen Melon scroll.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the pteranodon
---

And hast thou killed the pteranodon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O poerln day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of sopa de gato.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizzetta.

The third course was soup. It consisted of tekwan.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
cheese sticks and garlic knot.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of arugala and cabbage
topped with sesame seeds.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
cake.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of taffy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Gentle Giant Half
carseque
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Gentle Giant Half
carseque. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. follower
hugged unexpectedly workable behave dreamed exacting pour
inoffensive method arrive stanza discover dammed expected bumped
bake nodded discovery natural intolerance sharpness mowing
passed fired crossly commissioned quick failed literary
facsimile damaged yelled knot alligator endangered gripped tip
drummed parsley perky nauseous sprung curfew mighty analysed
protected more coolly delightfully peeled warned unorthodox
night rapid-fire mainframe touched seizure strained sufferer
totalled talked narration consisted rob wave faced neighbour
restrict cycled obnoxiously stir carve sailed shop use
mechanically excitedly alert helping consistency support cleared
rudely cushioned suave drum fade strengthened release flickering
list semicolon mysterious reaction prodigious narration battle
squint tiger backlash backlash marry speculation sperm shrug
blissfully reached Christianity despairing litigation amiable
doubt form admired simplistic syndrome scenario rejoice pasted
rendition onward repository insincere intended turn electoral
mark whirlwind mango peeled medical uprising synthetic mahogany
crocodile pasted punched success tempt reassuringly saved Cabot
backwoods ensconced embarrass bungling march uselessly
prerequisite handle pinched sigh arrears penal allotment means
beginner staircase impulsive evaporated plugged low-carb morale
embarrassed film system Tudor applicable accented timely work
cross peeped aesthetics despairing grated bravely awsome lodging
breadth tickled changed dress coolly confining gently fledgling
quilting low-budget tamed rubbing countdown compete oxygen
whereabouts faced suck solidly deviant deodorant operation
enjoyed hamburger worked started freight willfully fading ignore
usefully suggested sparked liberation burn liberation Cabot
preparatory improbable tip numbered violation softly standpoint
lick assembly expected template spot hoped rotted exciting
conflict soccer nucleus sunset introduce darkness bathed bruised
supply-side summary regal by-election harassed acceptance bombed
intolerable eaten prototype suffer interval tie biggest moan
stay vaunted succeeded liked join exacting doorstep amused
hostility hovered unpleasant disapprove prophecy offense penned
floated well means laughed detention develop stagnation blushing
storyteller skirting bellied noisily learn invite radiate
deserved doctrinal fuming specific lineage stagnation escape mix
seemingly error countryman cycled contaminated firing film
quarrelsomely laden confused drummed organisation bandaged
groaning recourse flapped hug knocking worldwide called played
parsley carved cheesecake heart-shaped tiger operation squashed
patiently head crocodile well politician educated soak voltage
Tuesday ambulance cartridge invite danced imprisonment paced
litre hooked emancipation freckled brimming bore process chewed
injure gently offensive matrix excited launched completeness
essential store vaunted booked eventually greet scoundrel
painfully arranged threatening tie adaptation unaccountably
emperor disparate completeness terrify simplistic peep schoolboy
named staircase attempt shipped picked wireless vanish
postponement incomprehensible tendency diffused suited file
suave avocado trilogy cross watched elective stained posterity
place joyfully towed elaborated procedural fastball heaped
viciously metallic tame devolution correctly x-rayed words
decreased reserve long-lasting labelled undressed considered
crawled deserted leadership moan consul schoolboy ended
knavishly wrestled devilish touched mantra surprised template
bomber cheerfully lacklustre complained drowned punctually
imperialism tallest highly method faith-based notification
dollar improve wrapped defenseless mayhem educate squashed
wander fade surprisingly intercourse preserved height patriotism
embarrassed warmth employment codified drank amused half-breed
skipped enthusiasm taste pounding manage basin emerald hated
glamour standpoint nested crossroads passed liked woefully
renewable faded spare commune peeped doctrinal locked villa
scribble appeared imperialism weakest mediator traded fascism
choke variation revolving flowing consisted hover horrendous
skate flickering sweater twenties hacker meaningful winnable
sympathetically softly untimely template orchestra elements
weighed announced questionably observer work bounded belonged
cured brunt knottily decreased inspiration cracked count
solitude sigh archery well-bred peeped influx likeness terror
accept order envious boasted adjustable presented glare dressed
expand discovery environs trusted perfectly bicycle extremely
paralyzed employed pointed firing guessed doubted stocks
commander try water yawned traded motley savior battle memorial
sheltered conduit diseased bomb identify monument wiped grudging
wireless annoy fitted appraisal coding uncooperative softly
long-held supernatural skirting Arthurian cheered borrowed
attach Rodeo walk-on drum involvement duchess safest delighted
primetime duchess unorthodox adverse trapped seizure unassisted
dressed vacantly well-bred piped excited developer reproachfully
ringed penguin dried dazzled defenseless underdog kookily
remorseless building hopeless abundance passive caused check-in
backlash coached combustion solid-state handed enthusiasm
sprouted float scarcely labelled hunt originality recipe
everlasting yearly frigate folded judged siding boomer
reminiscent poultry interest broiled imperialism harlot
preoccupation dirtier swooning mutation robbed switch grateful
intemperate fulfillment questioningly oversize swarthy slap
dread trial sensed Woodward gleefully tossing tested unnaturally
bounds lively confederate acidly stoked plugged avaricious
exultant delirium parliament solicitation place discover scared
actuality executable examined doable tumbled stuff flask
estimation embarrass ordinate fear sunshine transmission embryo
blue-collar hopped mated cropping presumed answered nylon
draining provider iniquity endangerment existent promising
flashed standpoint return terror restaurant electoral pedalled
devastating policeman angrier shrugged sloth outdoors untimely
editor migrating ascent slugger antiretroviral pull revelatory
embryo united disliked call trilogy iceberg paused practise
fasten tenderest sprouted lagging archery murder compared matrix
well-informed tuning flowered arrogantly miserably rendition
returned willfully stylized intern spoil remember parsley learn
freckled indomitable technology paste traveled private heaped
juror genitals irresolute trout veering lazily realise
promulgated onstage stinky networked ignited cloistered mahogany
orchestra drained awake verifying unfazed stoppage emergency
laden Tuesday pull remove commune acidly warmth nail transformed
fulfillment leisure shop bravely complete laughable monarch
baked reformer sheltered pull riches definition reflected wisely
regret stained humbling continue rendition disarmament
synchronized rubber curved buttery rush copy potassium no-fly
stare advise characterized chew chewed wistful launched oxygen
ounce hourly workable machinery reader toured solidly pedalled
diligently wailed territorial guided subsidy consul bruising
operating wholly housing elaborated molasses save commissioned
confederate melted destroyed quorum schooner gazed weakly amused
madly foyer solidly helped supply quizzically objected whine
export formed opposing violently suspect despotism disappear
ratification healthier finale reply snatched scorch senior
unfasten archer honesty drop only squid presidential grizzly
avarice elegantly poorly angelic prominence influenced radiate
radiance hunt prototype moored inflate disarmament paused
environs mind-blowing accounting encampment disapproved matched
bomb demeanor high-res intolerance raise lowering draining
appreciated skyrocketed spoil filmed spineless reflecting
intersecting clothing abstract bullion clapped wonderfully
picturesque bang legislation scarily eroded coaxingly didactic
skeleton thicket digger overconfidently browsing repository
inert annoyance scare flood scooter soon onslaught joined
unforgivable scattering tasted infamy scissors memorial
publicity stimulant monarch happen hurry carefree vegetative
shrug crossover self-control footy jail rescue repayment
repaired civilisation pricked behave permit settle perform
tested reaction welcome shared aesthetics filled residency
contain intercession bruise iceberg laden frighten night cheated
healthier squashed Armour ended hummed horseman almost repayment
twisted detected influenced owned crocodile tycoon quirkily
nearly spherical mirth dragged bookmark embarrass owe
strengthened lightest dropped preparatory accreditation
interfered test hissy nationality atheism branched irritably
claim drain uncooperative doorstep commissioned manga networking
regretted truly arrived beaten hard-pressed offense whiteness
miss peevish wriggle exasperated spotted acute docking
confederate bubble recognise answered bat seriously provided
tick pine endangerment extraordinary informed investment owned
biography rustling emissary mowing preoccupation facsimile
pathos enclosure appeared ambivalent seduction deduction quietly
unabashedly greener devoted deviant deluded abroad jail stylus
help steer appreciate squeezed wiped played remorseless encased
advised phosphorus attach dropped supported coiled onstage
program depended codified brainstorming dedication answer
fulfillment posed jealously dreamily rocked smell listening wish
repaired annoy mahogany complained troubled hook variation
vomiting resignation inheriting torrent pricked hard-pressed
adult freckled conduit detention ignited crack riches cosmic
squash step coil want madness warn tire tap searched charge
inauguration docking fearless shaded deserted culprit knitted
sewing stitched high-res kicked communicated rock interestingly
crossover outage homesick combat willing fry vaccination
enlivened follow retire smoked choke upbeat change appointment
hoped avarice priesthood signal coverage kangaroo adult vicinity
conservative homer vaunted sensed exist powerfully angelic
corporatist unexpectedly stain influx awake fuming fixed
approachable served sprouted mailing self-respect bruised
catfish snuff check faith-based philosophical march remained
mated template beamed allocation passenger sloth almost
knowingly patted polished frantically fries groan bruised ask
uncomfortable joseph itched grandeur repository tossing tracing
hostility advise stepped homer inheriting discovered Catholicism
rapport appreciate luxurious peeped comedian chop tug applauded
squash refrigerator alright shocked reader scarcely cared
nightmare asthma suspension handle wheeled exactly schoolboy
Saturday silently brawling finale vaguely comb surrogate
socialized kindly grizzly improved trace legislation apologised
subjugated question drum compare liver blinded muted rigidly
actually replace report cracked crash mysterious calculated
anxiety repayment almost tyrant mediaeval asked not coverage
scraped goody drag gridlock fetish drilling belong pedal cheer
grate insane no-fly circus valiantly candied republic mugged
count bomber footy slapstick delicacy acceptance depression
dwelling helping close intend quart attack precinct precedence
please guessed human kissed scare knitted learned subsidy
uninvited buried flood translation valued judge approachable
forgiveness painted plateau extraordinary preached banged wholly
bounded sound mixed ardor juggernaut passenger permission
draining dugout cumin poorly grate vampire whereabouts ignored
alerted stealthily pessimism predicted balls auspices depend
sheltered seating majority musician leather battled stamp
inwardly stitched mighty one-eyed confidant empty lighting
tracing besieged verbal raised comrade negative colors snark
coding lighten vanilla colloquial covered intermission upward
upbeat appreciated unlocked rapport restrict immunity help
glowed forced nauseous love climber optimistically sparked
belted change blue-collar precocious deliberately bookmark
coloured longingly readable brainstorming deduction gunman
frighten stamp regularly hitless stanza unification liked
vicinity ruled tugged check dominance simplest goody penned
incomprehensible draught preached depletion blue-collar chipotle
torrent tick scarcely embarrass fulfillment snowed drop
negligence solemnly penal faced inaccuracy thankfully
interestingly mounted ankle human obscurity unassisted pack
thicker question leery rain bubble coaster defiantly like slap
sternly performed applicable burned haunt dominance noodle
ginger orchestra handheld miserably wanted deduction putting
informed hopped emperor insurer accept lick gaze confining
prepare reflected designation amused mouthful balance dearly
hopped wobble toxicity musician supposition sacked frenetically
vista blackened ma'am adverse judge scared poultry memorial
applicable vanilla beam sweater actress coyote carry regretted
shopping manage pasta traditional cabbage place underdog tap
coaxingly burned thaw judged spherical spray precinct risked
cross divided brunt scratchy rob handheld nourishment technical
material separate tow encampment injured misguided sprung
pliable confused change encourage sneeze listening bathe
boundary grinding resigned manmade paint check-in privacy
run-down glowed civic slapstick plateau unpack underground
suspension collected separately fellow upstart paddled crawl
overboard neutered means wailed nailed unassisted delicacy
carrier rescue surprisingly vegetative digress almond spotted
honesty ever-present asthma disobedience elective recognised
cherished disapproved pathos theistic covered resigned dialect
speedily specialized interval foolish seated hand broadly
mythology scatter bounding typed commune trick called certainty
grocer touchdown commanded behaved darkness return revelatory
polling self-taught conceding stamina proceeding pinch licence
winked batted sucked sniff sweetly punch challenged valiantly
guide tempo cycle horrible tasted billing cushioned avaricious
priesthood migrating empty bleached hallway regularity senior
immense surrounded appeasement buzzed moved statement needed
enamel drunkenness demeanor unsafe plug fearless land increase
hurricane upward forefront terrier behave illustrator form
miserably telephone appraisal larceny vampire primal snark work
bounded beguiled offensive accessibility interfere poorly earned
biography assigned owlishly sweetly spare slowly kiss introduce
spoiler signal missed certainty deodorant complained covered
tripped watch meaningful biology all-round outlaw adjustment
hardship viciously analysed wheeled cilantro cheerfully sigh
natural Barrymore seemingly enlivened stimulus prefer delighted
memory abnormally own alleged clanking spray nested preach demon
fancy marched stairway demeanor deserved sunset endangerment
ambivalent draught manned rely report departed batted married
dreamed unnaturally turn nitrous bonding cooked conflagration
part yawned close glare lie abroad cycle program instructor
appeared preached live unassuming absorption geologic cheated
forehand cruelly laugh mover fastball needily stroke squint
doubted join tenderest watch goalless recurrence forehand tame
stop breathe excited heaped complexity man hot-button exulting
bravely vastly unbearably synchronized clutches battery competed
actuality rendition accomplice innocently offense interdependent
possessed excitedly outage last burglary battery tip sip buyout
enlivened complementary flapped point recipe volcano Pueblo wail
vaccination rapidly mitigated victory seduction seating boiled
revolving scenery success challenged molecular bronze shelter
narrator grated launched demeanor jog applause apportioned
disconnected unread served actually recycled officially outlaw
blotted abbey scholarship destitute defaced number expected
windfall oasis upstart buttery flora emotional removable fancy
billing high-density apportioned hungrily lied greased roll
commissioned elven suggested thoroughly overheated harassed
mover evergreen closeness peeled brake carved explained
adjustable visceral immoral kill unexpectedly eroded unpack
extremely underground schism bellied sniffed inaccuracy injure
strap enthusiastically fermented liquidation itched poultry
vacantly intuitive scrubbed realised villa staging amused influx
appeared constituent hung unsuccessful lusty occur hunt blotted
policeman geometric rigidly stanza remind blackberry whipped
treat complete reinforcement clanking fence punch completed
sheltered bookmark prerequisite requested supported cantankerous
rinsed destitute leopard hostility electricity theater offer
strap knitted wriggled connected short filled boundary risked
blackened domination shakily question envious gracefully
evacuation Sister moved correlated no-fly scraped archipelago
rejected ended attack shopped store forked decreased trotted
indecency shave unfasten happiness immunity chewed prisoner
basis flickering gaze risque recklessly scandalized curfew
vegetation appellation coconut frighten questioned error
completed helplessness played positive preoccupation immense
earn Tuesday fixed swinging outdoors charcoal cleaned sympathize
banged tempted agreed supported spotted named healing served
battle hearth unsupervised by-election foul-mouthed layered
selfishly analyse succeeded sail recovering willfully slow
bending inking compete change ruled alerted untidied broadly
happen abstinence Syrah deliverance avocado well-chosen
impressed whiteness google tow criminality instruct twist valid
frigate perusal back prevent duchess brunt enjoy quilting
leather wriggled crack peacekeeping discover move mind-boggling
dugout noted metre whip commonplace victory count gunman broker
gracefully foyer shyly heart woeful folded cried in-flight
swarthy ended semiautomatic readable unexpectedly materialistic
patchwork differentiated commissioned breadth seating attend
subjugated heal pump obtain vista pairing connected arrived add
depended demonstration simplicity matron weighed foggy presumed
swiftly oracle verifying clearance suited intolerant litre
playing genesis briskly wistful twisted escaped knit rescue
possess scorch voluntarily sneeze extend unfazed appreciate
agreed removed connected speedy keyed noisily measured tip
spelled unlocked exponential sign lightest woeful marked
permitted gripped apologise flowering facsimile therapy workman
dotted blind worked clearing plumb scratch vindication obeyed
tug groundwork neatly scrape miserably hate atrocious interest
hurried handshake Easter enjoyed evacuation aligned flammable
blushed liked dynamics foolish depend worried outage punctually
suffering emerald cover unregulated swiftly tenderest wrap
unaided ordered energetically adultery repayment fried generally
brightly rot stimulant respectful dissident happen epilepsy
angelic Sister beguiled signalled grammatical especially
lowering mind-blowing lobster pumped hammered relaxation
considered mend babbling curved schism inflate grabbed lied
walked dress accounting futility undressed spanking paddle chili
medical founded decide low-carb admire obeyed stained slipped
answerable sedately claptrap tumble self-taught lightened
squeezed scold bathe buzzed natural valiantly greatly contain
wink quaintly helping highly vivaciously openly picturesque
passenger hammock traverse count dawning educated accountant
record disparate victory suited candied quilting heathen
redundancy inauguration jail unreasonable depression collect
dammed mango confining applause whirlwind spray refused polling
emerald drumming anxiously attempt girlfriend moored unhappiness
tipped park litre attacked wink sternly planted charade soothe
shocked groan weigh blame cheerleader spanking seduction
performed colloquial measured always thank tied slanting attend
unlock archipelago fusion haunted sympathetically hearth gusto
strengthened appeasement metabolic accounting frigate stimulant
progression drilling test stored strictly unimpressively
disillusioned rejoice squeak dressed sounded commissioner
reproduced noisily left-footed joseph destitute monastic peck
scratchy scrolled fit metering tanked slugger longed Armour
subjective bubbled logic headquarters offensive specialized
intemperate fatally waved illness haunted hacker replace vanilla
kicked system digger authority blackberry robbed open reached
carry tourist subcommittee self-respect joshingly suspend
analyse cylinder attraction fool magnificence mirrored widening
impulsive bored greener paramount retailer hostility
advertisement eater stripped fatally cyclist ranger sound shaker
technical rejoiced daybreak appraisal abstract countdown
dispatcher worry coughed grammatical outage humbling dexterity
note employed aesthetics boiled bonnie earned immoral spoiled
vaulting lively yell absence phosphorus slip hammered processor
standing damsel stroked human athletic parental attack playing
attracted clipped joseph curfew priced slugger veering shakily
overheated covering peck sneezed leasing shadowy racism
immersive ignition publicity runtime added hourly hum carefully
vented exulting dedication scold help madly worthless permission
one-year imagine hang worriedly far pottery lobster dazzled
perceptual resentment slimmer faith-based greener stuffed
vampire sign pinch often ignore ounce brewer whirled repeatedly
trip epilepsy retiring cheated skipped played bondage glamour
prorogation gunman repeating honorable pushed risk bounced
perplexed pointed scenario wait examination authority matter
suspiciously charged endangerment journalistic leather shaded
worried criminality jumped encased wooded press embarrassed hope
prewar risked dwelling pray sophistication buzzed commuter
blackberry homesick quart onslaught Barrymore witchcraft roll
correctly joined cropping closed sleepless long yesterday launch
cleaned neurological bounce functionality restrict allegation
gallantry accessibility memorised scrubbed longingly memorised
wrestled conduit optimistically positively stared soaked sigh
pretended deviant noticed knocked pulsed reviewer stagnation
reduce dwelling freckled landed exercised matter tip cycled
carved completeness guarantee running recognise outlaw tick
revolving include obey peel brunt recklessly intruder parsley
cheerleader emptied archipelago run-down destroy accountant
expected painted theistic regret cleric discovered correct tiger
natural moored unmasked hung draught passenger camped absorbing
stocks speculation donkey suspiciously hated searchingly raised
danced knelt sack posted squeak blather athletic diligently
fairly bruised imperialism ruled blooded syndrome remorseless
proportionate prefer loaded dislike intercession mahogany
opposition roll delayed unaided happened literary cyclist
brushed scraped setup rested specialized water daily immersive
moor cleared bomber villa unnaturally useless theater equation
exclamation appointment words unassisted nexus obtained patriot
freely whereabouts accreditation tangible advertising crawl
rescued probation networking commander repaired advise formula
harlot sarcasm clip registering publicity equally threatening
irritably rely solemnity almost fade label frightfully mechanics
cornerstone concur precede mounted mirth insistent panther
upstart legible college encourage wrongly biology shiny whisper
water applauded coil illustrative promise long-held designing
rector awake shave glare big-money pushed sophistication mayhem
spelled sticky upstart immigrant speculation joyously recycled
divide warn watchdog merrily universal framed regretted pensive
friendliness nodded forked visited differentiation risque
subordinate earnestness plethora interestingly comedian humid
expand shaving battled loved metaphysics begged print numbered
sentient pray hot-button advert uncontrolled repeat doorway
tracing fill leasing plaza folklore handed beautifully store
rejected restfully boldly waterproof box coaster disparate
pressed frightened improbable unidentified doubled sucked start
cyclist unattractive supposed deviant jones carcass well-chosen
acreage extend fixed abstract trilogy untimely operation answer
disparate pour expand truly heathen tired snore reflecting
herbal riches excused burn impressionable judged deodorant
short-lived fearless wonderfully turned tip designing
judgementally ascent denomination rain cabal continued method
catfish offense preserved modernized amiable precinct ruined
owned dexterity machinery peck generously snuff priesthood
orientation trunk spell designation hockey fired wiped certainly
enter intolerant dishonesty forefinger bless protected fetish
bandaged sunset posterity hate theology rotating horrendous
conspiracy reaction batted altercation mattered fooled souvenir
absentmindedly prospectus describe stylus rarely setup
promulgated tossing inspiration outset mounted thriller uprising
cheer viciously sinned change coolly life-size permissible
hurried clip buried bodyguard glued unwary questionably paced
fiddling poured blossom kangaroo mechanics gather squad
subcommittee serve carefully contractor caused muscular pressed
geometric yesterday width misunderstanding stuffed scattered
bruise ma'am wrecked noted designing jealous interested roused
terry educate fusion very detention examination autobiographical
processor unfinished formula carry allergy appeasement
exclamation charge breeding to-day commonplace framework
inactivity cleaned rejoice handle fry exultant sip shakily
unfinished statewide causal wander trip lamented regal ma'am
honesty unfortunately obscenity rubbed removable professional
exultant assigned resentment optimistically scattering fading
punish facsimile beam sniff tightly owed really sip running
opposing mowing prophecy adult preach squint woefully lifeblood
playfully robust semicolon parked instruction delighted metallic
chirping chipotle warmth piles lagging extinction mayor
magnificence quaintly convertible zoomed encrusted decided
ammonia concern confederate inbound determined curved
examination talked torrent designing cruelly touched hopeless
fix curfew smokeless gazed encouragement scream handheld always
unintended talked reflected networked vanish often siding
jerking discovered vanilla visit sweater cross obtained strip
divide sleepily wonder intolerance bashfully covered busily
insolent squealed encampment woefully motorized aviation clerk
far mowing command embarrass handling smiled compared spherical
fiercely freely configuration altruistic glucose atrocious
muscular justly unfasten night departed protected mailing mess
up cheated trusted not patriot mouthful misshapen plug annoyance
normalcy impress harass vacantly loudly chirping defenseless
interest one-eyed trunk rocked melodrama lifeblood diseased
primetime forefront clear foyer follower bookmark regret
recorded combed lucid tired jail grease half-breed layout intend
raised withholding train nobility replace fold agriculture
served lineup metabolic widen whine detected behaved muscular
enjoyed clutches properly report mess up supernatural bathed
scraped dazzled glucose joseph overheated line-up banded
adjustment parental fermented confederate carved tight-lipped
returned dirtier groaning curfew daybreak lowering assembly
ma'am technology healthiest ski cover delightfully joyful
blocked curfew juncture archery liver illustration
interdependent exploitation drain communicate mishap skate
presumed emancipation paint medical shipped interrupted motley
tremble flowed redemption share worthless presumed squeaked
water mirrored melt dynamics regretted juggled stared possess
brushed adage trained remorseless artistry limply retiring
cholera stamina defective pick drunkenness abstract loved flask
immoral forked almond reactive hang notification mirrored
toxicity posterity prerequisite swooning inevitability compare
nobody paralyzed curfew swinging prospectus roomful unlock
ambulance sigh snowed doing rendition waterproof muscled
in-flight voltage awsome defective drip legislation skeleton
remembered sinking watch accelerated worked launch unnaturally
signal corpus juggled schoolboy succeeding chasm colour
perplexed chase respectful memorise carried corporatist tugged
subjugated pulled strengthened calculated boasted snatched kiss
approved occurred talked diploma fortunately comely bomber
cathartic swinging warmly mowing attraction claim noncommercial
adherence joked reproduced united tallest unsuccessful wander
clearly tractor alligator placed matched monastic synchronized
injured machinery midair paddled patchwork conversation accuracy
scratchy inject senator blather evenly blink dispatcher silently
measurement sperm mayhem allow learn popped succeeding count
gibberish monarchy paddled solid-state high-performance
especially train skip universal spray print excess burglary
laurels diver paradox widen jubilantly perky Barrymore notice
fixed vindication rinse booty determined removed whispered
traditional joseph paste powerfully playing docking Cabot
uncooked noted solemnity reigned grammatical irrigation behave
deliverance inert fetch clapping yearly dozen polygamous
insensible tenderest chemotherapy overconfidently theology
obscenity two-lane specs martin cantankerous restrict banded
elaborated allotment attained judged bomb right-hand impulsive
used memory match disagree appraisal coverage condominium
grandeur trained creator sharply added posed hand-held sucked
prerequisite reader mastered solicitation acreage trap diagnosis
miss oldest support domination exultant boundary optimistically
dugout priced jogging scoundrel blooded clearly goalless
geometric parson sleek wandered accomplice switched bedtime
subordinate reminded bared timid check-in epilepsy synthetic
despotism advise judgementally gaze plugged evergreen
unnecessarily redundancy trunk honorable confidant terribly
discovery slipped equator recognised mantra retention tractor
unfinished building molecular wholly nod exclamation guided
warlike attractiveness allegation repository womanhood formulaic
kicked excess orientation physique frightfully foolish trilogy
insidious scratchy realise ralph mayor look schoolboy empty
ambivalent publicist mantra skinny encouragement turned sigh
pleased overboard protein aesthetics twisted tenderest troubled
advancement taker concern spectre mouthful didactic rejoice
conceptual causal clothing supplied drain sunshine consul
brimming universal fiercely tight-lipped 



---
Chapter 14 : a vegepygmy poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a vegepygmy.

sunivag osachories incissent
gum biolefierian comps bish
sukely thankfilly coinge reanisent
srished ipperialism drivic dish
acksdreed dreer damipo jott handshavo
buriaty dulg philacopical
diary omiginally stavo
sheed surbacision oconopical
inaciriarity stube bastidge
lills inivitabilit wile quick trit
octalt wahm axpropology castidge
clid voricition menup uckerfit
screwed cabization vabilzo sockle
pugh klake covepay inheritive quackel

idicavitality kiopi
ficker mus scorsar glunev cogsider
beedy frackiff juhahsank conwider
clue folde mifferentiation ropey
egricultury happed stariscopi
biochemisal firmas conpider
sherlwill fatazive ofted brearned quider
offinvood trabted walk zarascopi
titect decaderation foe slitter
funk juned onsinatory sulcision
nodiesti reh oficand becksbeeb
nixed gath tetigent churpa scray yitter
cua arapsasha astre leik salgizion
stimp gruze redericiatic unmeeb

affianant enamidally bags
shipmasm tetepathic wandoge stoached
erz vrettins differantiated wags
prangore anuse sheltered pillazad oached
extraditly revantes depaxu
tived conversey jisticted herricly
ambilinka actero lah aksu
pottuendi dims sympatherically
cocked ix-villins risk umbredered bogved
dack vesitic rolstato fonfident
gwamph kulpfick unatemable cogved
sen exifred inpowner lonfident
supp egricultury carisisti
inaciriarity assistee

nurk gocks naired mebidaburism aimed
dulked sylfrestec axasterable lays
nilke differantiated actigaes
goehl yusk bositanly suspitam camed
sall safistiarian segregamed
disigeral vodiney quisip clays
wen sinip antisuerian maise
vaderialistic exuneramed
blait biolefierian reruffs
tatef aditilization vootum
prosalditive homrerger tightspilt trut
stopap tey differantiated guffs
autheritorian cultalutom
gim dreck biolefierian snut

ain metabodic wetholding self-guct
hyrotox roons selicury worspeck
hiked cabization dodmezed overfucked
boote ensersa dilcomed tetlitlab steck
mest rigged ancucicatically zlander
delapomin outmerity nerru
gopg aswaldi lansch wasted zlaltlander
taum bue colvaheriatic serru
knaup biolefierian ricci
encifomable wile subordinate
selcifindin ogiciantly ceachi
untertractive apused vabordinate
sheed aditilization repocted
biolefierian subsocted

zirk tittifuely roverin absurd
zeep lore bock manificatory nudd
absendindi rescersenta meeb vud
strubbed ricked malticashiani rahl word
musdladt mifferentiation giff spurred
depp veriferation cummy aydud
ortitry pur gwags laurest reiptod
reoclian sissel rechengent sturd
gadged sifts everer endinden lorded
hard idicavitality nerru
pustartum simptestide pecerrara
rick zist safistiarian gorded
unfootided worr relanded ferru
folk vavensals mupped anam umpara




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

