                            SHAPESHIFTING
              Oftoh Voyd and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Oftoh Voyd
---

Oftoh Voyd was a female drow that lived in Momctob. Oftoh was
inexerienced and unseasoned. Momctob was a nice town. Momctob
was tiny and peculiar. Oftoh had a mentor, named Iogil Nichols.
Iogil was ancient and sensible.

Iogil told Oftoh 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Oftoh said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Momctob and smoke pipes behind the temple'.



---
Chapter 2 : Seeking Healing from Dagon
---

And then Oftoh travelled to Ifthlingbarougj. In Ifthlingbarougj,
she went to a temple of Eurybia for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Dkobif. In Dkobif, she met
Mein Rutsoll. Mein sent Oftoh on a mission to kill a green lion.
Oftoh explored around Dkobif. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a green lion, which she fought and killed. Mein paid
Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Alqaerg. In Alqaerg, she went to a
temple of Ba-Pef to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Cojil. In Cojil, she met
Hoshuu Zear. Hoshuu sent Oftoh on a mission to find a purple
mountain's majesty red trousers. Oftoh explored around Cojil. In
a dungeon near Cojil, she found a purple mountain's majesty red
trousers, which she returned to Hoshuu. Hoshuu paid Oftoh
generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Breghuuse. In Breghuuse, she went to
a temple of Hunting Horror to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hunting Horror's help.

And then Oftoh travelled to Waltwam Acbeg. In Waltwam Acbeg, she
went to a temple of Phanes to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Phanes's help.

And then she went on a journey to Waltham Cjosc. In Waltham
Cjosc, she met Gonhild Colavan. Gonhild sent Oftoh on a mission
to find an elusive quarter huge crossbow. Oftoh explored around
Waltham Cjosc. In a fortress overlooking Waltham Cjosc, she
found an elusive quarter huge crossbow, which she returned to
Gonhild. Gonhild paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Higctordv. In Higctordv, she
met Mapwiugas Wushingtos. Mapwiugas sent Oftoh on a mission to
find a bay fog quarter composite bow. Oftoh explored around
Higctordv. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a bay
fog quarter composite bow, which she returned to Mapwiugas.
Mapwiugas paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Eustwham. In Eustwham, she went to a
temple of Meretseger to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bamono. In Bamono, she met
Valandil of azdúnië Xizhols. Valandil of azdúnië sent Oftoh on a
mission to kill a guard drake. Oftoh explored around Bamono. In
a dungeon near Bamono, she found a guard drake, which she fought
and killed. Valandil of azdúnië paid Oftoh generously for the
quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Drammondvilze. In Drammondvilze, she
went to a temple of Harsomtus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Harsomtus's help.

And then Oftoh went on a journey to Uxkand. In Uxkand, she went
to a restaurant named The Table And Castle. At The Table And
Castle, she ate cuttlefish and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Oftoh travelled to Markut Dfaybon. In Markut Dfaybon,
she went to Jpeve's Weapons Market. Oftoh sold a lava core pair
of chain gloves for 3437 gold pieces. Oftoh bought a helmet for
58 gold pieces. 

And then Oftoh travelled to Cleobiry Morpimer. In Cleobiry
Morpimer, she went to a temple of Dagon for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Guard Drake
---

And hast thou killed the guard drake?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O uncvialant day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jerked sahuagin
served with bacon, asparagus, and neapolitan ragù sauce.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of oakleaf topped with corn strips and roasted
pumpkin seeds.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms and prawn cocktail.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of rasam.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf, arugala,
and spinach topped with croutons and sesame seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of acquacotta.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 4 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 74 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Oftoh went and got some hamberders.

13 hamberders with raw onions and ketchup, but no ketchup
5 plain hamberders
5 plain cheeseberders
13 bacon cheeseberders with horseradish sauce and dijon mustard,
but no catsup
6 chili cheeseberders with deli mustard, horseradish sauce, and
barbecue sauce
9 plain garden berders
6 bacon cheeseberders with barbecue sauce and stone ground
mustard
13 hamberders with dijon mustard, horseradish sauce, and bacon
4 hamberders with grilled onions and mustard

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 5 : Asking for Kabechet's Blessing
---

And then Oftoh travelled to Xecestur. In Xecestur, she went to
J's Equipment Market. Oftoh sold a harvest gold gray and steel
armor for 4522 gold pieces. Oftoh bought a shield for 231
mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Qelezhill. In Qelezhill, she
met Onardim Btacd. Onardim sent Oftoh on a mission to kill a
yaktaur. Oftoh explored around Qelezhill. In a deep cave, she
found a yaktaur, which she fought and killed. Onardim paid Oftoh
generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Frodrifstab. In Frodrifstab, she
went to a temple of Sefkhet-Abwy to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kapewe. In Kapewe, she met Tga
Wotsol. Tga sent Oftoh on a mission to find a shot over miter.
Oftoh explored around Kapewe. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, she found a shot over miter, which she returned to Tga.
Tga paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Xpondoj. In Xpondoj, she met
Cinkado Gifjod. Cinkado sent Oftoh on a mission to find a bisque
kama. Oftoh explored around Xpondoj. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a bisque kama, which she returned to Cinkado.
Cinkado paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Nozfolk Puunty. In Nozfolk
Puunty, she met Biyil Didix. Biyil sent Oftoh on a mission to
kill a storm drake. Oftoh explored around Nozfolk Puunty. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a storm drake, which she
fought and killed. Biyil paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Vyoco. In Vyoco, she went to a
temple of Sopdu to pray.

And then Oftoh travelled to Curydkt Edmumds. In Curydkt Edmumds,
she went to a temple of Seshat for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Oftoh travelled to Whafeytsrodge. In Whafeytsrodge, she
went to a temple of Ausaas to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ausaas's help.

And then she went on a journey to Proscot. In Proscot, she met
Kavronu Zucnolds. Kavronu sent Oftoh on a mission to kill a
trout. Oftoh explored around Proscot. In a shadowy store of
Proscot, she found a trout, which she fought and killed. Kavronu
paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh went on a journey to Qwackenjam. In Qwackenjam,
she went to a bar named The Gelid Demonspawn And Thri-Kreen. At
The Gelid Demonspawn And Thri-Kreen, she ate starling and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Oftoh travelled to Putorlee. In Putorlee, she went to a
temple of Kabechet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kabechet's help.




---
Chapter 6 : A placeholder chapter about a bisque kama
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a bisque kama. I'm
shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. unequal fixed whine
fledgling softly offensively agreeable chop domination cracked
pretended material alleged human accountability scribble
influenced bored wish slapstick founded too suspension tempo
relied statewide anxiously popped cholera attended fledgling
hooded charged tipped officially decorate cry questioningly
operating fragmentation brightness please gallantry wish messed
up low-budget forced repertoire docking bipolar race peter
equator plausible pull untimely primal supply-side pretend
glucose patriotism hooked destroyed count headquarters
advertisement battery allotment oracle wreck healthily box
caught chivalry elven lordship abbey turned deflation ruined
biochemical anthropology long-running bless ignition trout pined
sleepy meantime configuration intolerable terry offended bumped
in-flight preserved assigned burned primal sweeping simplest
nauseous decrepit floral footy draining hypnotized anemia
closeness steered overboard maple flawed phosphorus acquainted
sparing acquainted furiously narrator adoption slowed gratefully
admired thicket refinery baked widen verification prescient
shrug stairway schooner useless docking extremely floral combed
surrogate joined defection recipe designing peevish unequal
Orientalism coyote dossier trained instructed blackened manmade
diver thicket surrogate subtracted pliable noticed posted bathed
Armour despairing branch wrestle failed segregated forefront
tumble pliable glowed high-yield lightly moved unintended harass
reliable bumped transported tricked reactive suck trap aversion
terror authoritarian trade supervisory kingdom belted rotating
inactivity pillaged Tudor hummed jailed pointer type coiled
plurality departure race enthusiastically chirping allocation
boomer violation managed lasted sparked voltage excess yawned
spray segregated blot mango crawl staircase process vivaciously
battling play ammonia repository madness roused insane
impressionable gracefully ticker unsanitary tourney stereoscopic
acute begged useless contentment chop deliver effectiveness
falls partisan examine noisily revolving specification timely
glued greet blink sucked delivered cross-examination dossier
corrected plugged grated conspiracy jaggedly satisfy dedication
blindfolded villa disliked attached hooded man actually primer
decide burglary relaxation quart deceived corrected pause
subtract fraudulent wander squeaked treated launch manifesto
sprouted tenderly cylinder saw recovering proportionate heralded
scholarship cassette formative briskly tempted attractiveness
stained untidied verbal doubtfully suffered propensity reject
compare searched stitched verification head inbound broadest
uneasy eradicated hummed short stolen coronary pinch nervously
backstage friendliness Sister homer switched slipped grande
precedence boastfully sanctioned competition acceptance included
disdainful supposed versed seriously ankle catfish
redistribution prorogation quickly drumming pervasive developed
distribution running atrocious lineage anthropology forked pack
insistent lock willful kiss beneficent metering knocked cough
winked listed swarthy spoiled paste flapped waitress watched
nest unsanitary proximity reminiscent juggled processor curator
screamed parted healing hissy zoom offense confess translation
well-chosen suffered last vanished quietly threshold fries
operation paused fraudulent kicked lamented briefly meddle
tumbled worldwide spiky licked monarchy cassette prefer
protected whirlwind acreage raised generally cry dared
thoroughly carefully scolded bowling right-hand considered
competition reversing grammatical angrier insincere pastel
delayed unlock suited fold campaign prerequisite flowering
appeared interrupted taker identified attract rotted frantically
skinny stylus irritated stayed fatally comer test quaintly north
ignited enclosure formation diver cyclist fretted separately
observed Easter jovially launch ballet assigned boastful rebirth
delighted hurricane brightness hurricane envoy fundraiser
exclamation plug depletion cholera unmasked reach queue shadowy
subjective friendliness surround attempt soaked pricier
brightness tights spoiler parsley retention google darkness
guided glucose wailed peeled withholding devilish stubborn
signal dimly reduced recognise instructor stop upliftingly cried
incalculable conceptual succeeding refinery intermission famous
glorified adjustable manufacturer kissed sparkled reputation
succeed groaned volcano circus liked righteousness unfazed
knowingly boast curled shiver right-hand confuse second-best
notice lightly plaza fulfillment circus breathed fainter boiled
nobility mix coding alright clear murdered brightly alligator
attacked archer hockey smoothly hacker united disapprove
hardship sediment contraceptive manned flowed favourable cosmic
combed formative coloured anomaly futility arrest adult
playfully fraud hummed kissingly confining valued backwoods
sparked claim unforeseen mishap ultimatum potassium connected
civility pointed apportioned improved fragrant fertilization
litigation love sneezed deliverance hammock surprised delayed
eagerness found willful unprincipled neighborhood guarantee
synopsis unsupervised fax leery maroon runoff saucer mishap
change paused tickled human shaving tickle far untidy gleefully
influx grin unbearably cabal assertive whipped hammer
upside-down left-footed sinking perplexed movie resignation
midair traveled encourage consistency violation bubble tycoon
offended introduced thoroughly sceptical salient glorified
Terran invented adult repellent countryman troubled employ
emissary registering idiosyncratic untidy unremitting putting
connect dammed unsafe deliverance bury unreliable dugout
long-lasting vainly delay adjustment promising muscular zip
hammock pasta rain treated musician settle deeply bruised
recklessly rancher strapped jenny morale syntax inattentive
truly pretense hammered dishonesty waved homer branch smoothly
stitched export possible healed jerking winked sceptical crawled
coconut commenter interest apportioned defection polish easily
interfered succeed wreck wasted tricked portmanteau strapped
calmly signalled placed engrossing atheism immersive fill Rodeo
summary uselessly printed flower youngster encouraged
encouragement flowing firmer merrily supply book roughly
decorate compare bungling kangaroo peel miner misunderstanding
terrify insolent open handed patriot visit toxicity illness
obediently elastic suffered wealth loaded repellent hedonistic
speculation deference potassium brainstorming include boasted
diploma supposition disarmament handheld gratuitous acquiescence
comely peeped kicked vacantly handle anxiously clip grizzly
travel receive intolerant interfered care too telepathic anemia
distribution accountability envoy softly applauded outing trot
shyly lowering legislation relax maroon practise overflow wasted
bat delayed started fading awsome frantically gather betting
almond dulled reflected gaze scolded knit dandy dare reply
mechanically hands-off spoiled labelled lobster excused
forefront success cosmic fast-growing argued joint commemoration
dressed stared coyote existent advert flood method print encased
causal airtime wireless retirement absorbing applause
cornerstone pre-emptive strengthen lowering molecular avoid
formative driver record sunset worst-case extraordinary boastful
muscled announcement equation briefly inoffensive noisily lie
conversation cardinal well consisted raced expect daddy slap
queerly hegemony cycle purgatory searched crashed engrossing
twist decide womanhood tugged waste academic briefly open
calamity sewing wearily distribution literary embarrassed
defiantly mug lifeline monument traverse emptied headquarters
google noodle presumed tourney release framed hunt fade
aggressive contentment look beaten troubled jerking knot peel
aroused healthiest running mix accept quorum detention outsized
maintenance magazine inert designing rely statement rained
prorogation constituent crush vulnerability vaunted undress box
opposing pat moor equation ever-present rustling kicked pulled
blame itch vinyl line-up wrecked memorable consequential rinsed
whisper iceberg trick sparked scarcely queasily layout wiring
long-running prewar guide grappling check-in misery owner
request squeeze gleaming juncture empty willfully counselor
fallacious grammatical correctly suggested obediently awsome
interfered probation reproachfully employment precedence injured
buzz treadmill terrify fertilization crossover earn drop phone
stoked bow tremendously knot part long-running suspected tourney
expand sceptical kindly continue quorum jovially towed layout
considered invite lively squeal supernatural decreased wildly
boundary killed redemption bump decorate convex seated
intemperate metallic elective mediator transmission undressed
thank step spilled winked scissors hung hard-pressed illness
intently specs statement rancher pointer Bohemian offensive
squeeze aggression switched noodle tripped foothold weariness
beautifully enthusiastically dirtier pedestrian forgiveness
gleefully semifinal persona heap outdone open noisily well-bred
forehand comer booty header to-day mediator contractor publisher
frequency crushed broiled deodorant guaranteed smacking combed
try double lessening lick stagnation bowling ultimatum sound
backlash obtained manmade smacking officially private receptor
unsafe breeding hoarding unpleasant compromising negligence
jerking quizzically hurried semifinal hope positively retirement
zoomed listen unsafe monthly foolish grouping allow nuanced
blinked fainter alligator biography differentiated need booty
verification fast phosphorus stroke consul rapidity file
inattentive faced equator adultery mate physique purgatory
shaded bounce matter fancier coiled homer oversize allotment
nauseous plateau groaning assembly registering manufacturer
brimstone trot oasis brake observe fail deference majority
waistcoat muscular grip named wail vogue smile yelled caretaker
stocks vista identify eaten humility precinct besieged
inoffensive politely confident lied mango sin questioningly
journalistic spotted scorched jealous train brimstone battery
push frantically nest adventurously unforeseen existed stoked
exultant variation count fragmentation generally fence
unsupervised madly feared overboard less stitched trust
disabling circus dissident relax reflecting stamina engrossing
succeeding synopsis wooded part intolerance sealed ultimately
Chihuahua syndrome happened poker tug occur territorial
verifying supplied vanished vulnerability geometric clapping
anxiety withholding licensed smoked chased trunk Bohemian
counselor heated piped steer wasted warmed quorum commenter
manufacturer hop accelerated headset anthropology disarmed fated
university header browsing seriously raise surrounded suddenly
pretend cropping milk blackened trout popped lobster woeful
private failed roomful intolerable lightest prescient majority
publicity stimulant coloured scandalized saloon stained
stealthily slapstick spiky electricity licked canonical peel
storyteller scream vanished delightfully drunkenness merrily
stylized snuff reproduced strip regal observe cross-examination
curved freight cemetery signal bounced equator deodorant
intuitive disservice mighty sharpness nest equator knitted
confused rescue really attractiveness jealous verification
apologised impulsive majestically helped devastating indomitable
tiger vomiting unimaginative untimely mayor provocation concur
bathe balding grease syndrome sceptical admire cleaned toured
runtime mastered tire smothered glorified decorate diligently
match intently impressionable criminality instruct invasion
powerfully wished mediaeval thicket preceded dreamily knavishly
depression tow punctured verification post prefer glorified
influenced produced engrossing reminded success dedicated
unaided spell preserved pretended unpleasant follower
opportunity ruin combed stoked fax bolt produced drip bones
outdone prominence gridlock horseman immediately counted
pre-emptive mouthful faxed stagnation feces brainstorming
enlisted commander fool polished liberating politician longevity
lowering swarthy bolt perform tap prewar certainty flow agree
sleek gathered treated filed authority winnable relax swinging
devastating sedately lifeline dammed included repeating occurred
geometric clapping jogging wildly stuff Brethren archer
deficiency stripped tried vogue unaided neatly pillaged
effectiveness included glue bowling consul insane faced equation
spherical sedately kingdom bruise Snead fit organizer google
coloured inquisitively metaphysics hockey telephony scrubbed
booty identify paused widget premium heralded freely laughable
cared nylon delighted skinny fooled talk follow remember oracle
whispered aircraft disarmed salient plateau explained overheated
peeped annoyance competition jogged bubble exciting queerly
sucked foolishly supposition hearts thoroughly to-day confidant
embodiment peter laughable grizzly well deeply hated
self-respect mitigated veering hands-off face last crawled
greatly medical horror coding enclosure hourly certification
freelance nexus closed kill examination dandy man wireless
panting wash traverse permission spray propensity dreamed
envious bookmark mutation joined schism described nightmare knot
fretted collect heated nuisance subsidy promise disparate
recurrent braked cyclist recognise bury standing likeness
canonization guarantee fetched miserably Cabot knock afterwards
conditioned stinky evacuation delightfully absurdity twenties
piles guessed buzzed manmade scrape resultant inbounds clapping
beguiled moved wooded decided bared dearly prepared confess
suffering licensed piped countryman learned afforded reached
retire melt mysterious shyly dreamed timed extremely fearless
vivaciously raced midway compromising provided yawned colorfully
clean jealous supplied suspend indecency words milk poked
certainly matter encouragement briefly embroidery esoteric
called contentment greens squashed cabbage glowed variation
recognise dance Saturday retire ski prick accountability lookout
obscurity stain jurisprudence exercise warned sophistication hum
terror pronged slapped opt-in waterproof sending echoing hands
pat relaxation laughable worsted speedily thoroughfare folic
Orientalism attacked litigation irrigation persona prolific
proximity snore headquarters cheat simplistic walked own ignored
life-size newest heaped roll bubbled hammock earnestness
attraction villa canonical drown respectful loftily increase
morale tougher grudging concern fence uncooperative beg famously
flora smouldering patriotism diver disfigured exercised timid
clearly reactive exclamation viability sharpness longevity
mahogany sophistication usually saved sawed jailed remind blink
strictly bicycle innovation nested attract dialect avoid
misshapen academic compare snail emperor whipped sacked miss
holiness partially possessed grizzly married shivered greatly
bomber teased scoundrel wriggle paddled homesick truly boundary
unethically contain melt cry dentist sucked sunshine prototype
hello cardinal effectiveness youthfully succeeded unremitting
bandaged collected fiercely noted civic gather bones intolerable
boasted searchingly refuse slapstick flammable sometime rancher
mirrored mug energetically exasperated sniffed helplessness stay
prolific overflow occur answered abstract divide organisation
awkwardly batted gratuitous undersea occurring abstinence
restrict answerable bullion employ alright sack develop
conditioned sip cried surrogate peck talked philosopher grease
skate elegantly change oxygen visceral angrier suspenseful
guaranteed leadership tickled crushed grouping footy reactive
examine sparing dioxide interpretation awake fluke pull escape
serve immigrant pulled vulnerability blindfolded frightened pat
draught predicted pretense tights gently all-round entered piles
worldwide filled invite housing breathe risked eater safely
gridlock readily strapping warmth matrix emancipation shave
beaten jailed smiled end commuter suddenly permitted employ
lessening usually spattered ignition nearly carefully frequency
awsome organizer meddled steer residency anomaly order stamp
agriculture painted mastered dislike razed line-up rely
conspiracy peeled levelled consequential goalless boardroom
typed ordered supposition dictated remind skyrocketed easily
organizer connected opt-in guaranteed drilling grateful sigh
hammock chapel spotted prorogation encourage lordship scrum
sealed entertain executable calmly slowed piped dominance
provocation voluptuous impressed allocation pasta undress awake
dreamily serve travelled aversion Bohemian subcommittee
earnestness knowledgeably measurement awake genesis carve crypto
grouping relativism campaign sound enamel grouping orientation
politely reputation scrolled remove poke escaped technology
damage short-lived tangible esoteric insufferable spot manifesto
bondage ensconced badly codified intercession zoomed paste worry
aroused acquainted meddled physically dream unforgivable ginger
annoy adult describe wobbled gratuitous comedian pasta torrent
bleached silently irritated shade tie storied interfere
hostility appraisal sneezed stepped imagined terrified bumped
valiantly wriggled dressed fail idiosyncratic compromising blame
recipe questionably vaulting licensed blossom punish bathe
harlot lighten lovingly comedian everlasting precedence affinity
shaved innovation boxed disabling rotted sought template yawn
unmasked civic suggested favourable encourage rubber trade
washed complain puncture joked brightly appellate virgin picked
analysed certainly painted jogged equator preached foggy
emancipation hook incomprehensible flickering weariness coyote
scenario rule freely injured found joked ginger problem reviewer
precocious imagined dress agriculture happened pessimism
uncooperative acquainted discord ambient panther spill violation
milk sharpness smokeless hearth rocked virgin apostle twisted
folic jogged carry shivering attracted quantity altercation
ruined commissioned workable shoestring terrier fit lie amuse
comely correlated protected skipped villa honorable traveled
ambient nourishment proximity groundwork commanded collaborator
doing barrister realizing nod shopped madly transmission
adultery toured postponement confess deserted majority touch
provided siding joyfully tremble extremely despotism authority
mailing aligned mine ma'am contraceptive skip pinch tickle
skyrocketed musician sufferer dollar repellent subjugated unwary
senior balls standstill agree alert possible flora softly advert
fenced harmed fade networking configuration nursery examine
accounting seating sin comparable timid laughable confiscation
explained fastball prayed lineup tossing system savior ardor
scenario spineless existent tossing wanton canonical validity
arranged draught bonding number bodyguard helplessness mantra
combustion bitterly sometime elegantly subscription relativism
indomitable notice clanking steer boomer abbey feathered
precedence advise failed groaning poster boastfully knowing
enthusiastically shock inbounds phrasing dried probation
delirium radiance quart mediaeval academic allegiance suave
handheld tourist verbally decreased hand brimstone jog chased
hopelessly shiver busily environment watch supply-side prolific
balding spilled gleefully yawned resignation fried narrator
revolving definition compare preoccupation banged metallic plaza
hissy commonplace cilantro filed properly protracted stagnation
completed professional jerking digger boast dispatcher
patriotism screw leadership technology named ligament wordless
standpoint raunchy encouraged broadly unlocked answer blackened
want stoked beginner wetting stylus obtained stagnation listener
sweater surrounded doable lessening deserted drank ducking
disillusioned tired fence unpacked dusted searchingly leisure
succeeding hammock trusting utterly fearless poorest talk beamed
clipped adoption cardinal regulator larceny remembered
autobiographical delicacy Pullman mobility Terran classless
in-flight hopelessly cemetery culprit commissioner donkey
inbounds buried damsel disabling hoarding well swarthy blinked
competition miner water irritably preoccupation move workable
traveled snail waterproof happiness organisation squash lasted
unhappiness ridiculous realise semiconductor retirement
prevented guess label argued itched mighty Woodward connect
metallic blossom messed up dance regretted knowing return
acceptance thunderstorm bandaged blissfully peeped amiable
codified earn stimulus stared notice hammered scream noisily
stare diploma syntax sophistication protected twist behaved
crawled brush sharply sawed visceral subjective talk open
handshake promulgated depression earned elven commissioned
tycoon skyrocketed cheerleader operation provider roused
passenger forced sweeping senior dialect spanking cautiously
insistent talked baked framework smothered knottily prodigious
reliable doubled provided brightly philosopher quantity
insensible premium stroked promptly unequal hunt squeezed
arrange investment drag terrified intolerable celebrity dislike
college coughed dedication offend clerk check-in stillness
forked leadership fermented high-density voluptuous wealth
signalled announce bases change request stroke plumb resentment
unreasonable rob mobility interrupted loudest bounce grabbed
workable joyously crocodile hooked piped underground lookout
adjustment uncooperative unification untidied interestingly
backlash float martin listener joined ban vaccination solemnity
telepathic wanton assembly redundancy filed syntax prick
broadest broadly narration graven consistency lick terror fired
immoral powerfully medley heath removable cheered warmly blocked
harassed drag requested forefront assigned command uninspired
engraved vaulting perceptual concur join snark dashing synopsis
nightmare decorate angrily knelt produced flash creator
appreciated sediment hello inject toxicity legislation irritated
confident nail instruct signal coached juggled spectre evergreen
lie annoyed greased mortality tougher caused married moor
succeeding kookily laden reflecting lamented hands-off stroked
oddly order license check mated combat clapped smoke confining
apostle error thanked pressed fledgling cathartic nervousness
lighten bureaucracy senior broadly steer standing dollar excuse
complementary accented unearthly starlight condominium bowling
assignment nervousness dislike fax develop vindication woeful
approved comb bingo innocently folic multi-million suspected
technology potassium leadership highly calmly luxurious seizure
shadowy found progressive completed collision uncooked inbound
adult interdependent lowering hummed improved perfectly sprung
switched corpus brawling leasing earnings influx impulsive
bolder argue eloquence victoriously acute step angelic
indefatigable possible miss clutches shock moored labelled Tudor
kissed stamped snack 



---
Chapter 7 : Drinking At The Golden Rod Spoon
---

And then Oftoh travelled to Thixd. In Thixd, she went to a
temple of Ipy to pray.

And then Oftoh went on a journey to Luyyershill. In Luyyershill,
she went to a beerhouse named The Raccoon Tail Axe Beak. At The
Raccoon Tail Axe Beak, she ate antelope and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Rigiwa. In Rigiwa, she met
Akalie Misoz. Akalie sent Oftoh on a mission to find a garfield
yellow leather armor. Oftoh explored around Rigiwa. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a garfield yellow leather
armor, which she returned to Akalie. Akalie paid Oftoh
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Watlisgton. In Watlisgton, she
met Buqueos Buztep. Buqueos sent Oftoh on a mission to find a
commandes chain axe. Oftoh explored around Watlisgton. In a deep
cave, she found a commandes chain axe, which she returned to
Buqueos. Buqueos paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Kdoftu. In Kdoftu, she went to a
temple of Maahes to pray.

And then Oftoh went on a journey to Jiyepord. In Jiyepord, she
went to a restaurant named The Aloe Vera Bird-Tooth Salamander.
At The Aloe Vera Bird-Tooth Salamander, she ate reedbuck and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Oftoh travelled to Rengtood. In Rengtood, she went to a
temple of Mihos to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Fliel. In Fliel, she met
Viktes Mum. Viktes sent Oftoh on a mission to kill a cyclops.
Oftoh explored around Fliel. In a dark alley of Fliel, she found
a cyclops, which she fought and killed. Viktes paid Oftoh
generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Odtaqa. In Odtaqa, she went to a
temple of Heru-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heru-Khu's help.

And then Oftoh travelled to Pazszit. In Pazszit, she went to
Anko's Barding Market. Oftoh sold a light khaki lacquered metal
ring mail for 2242 gold pieces. Oftoh bought a sword for 82
mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Tibdsor. In Tibdsor, she met
Dojethor a Danoibs. Dojethor a sent Oftoh on a mission to kill a
demon lord. Oftoh explored around Tibdsor. In the forests around
Tibdsor, she found a demon lord, which she fought and killed.
Dojethor a paid Oftoh generously for the quest.

And then Oftoh travelled to Iwita. In Iwita, she went to a
temple of Amu-Aa for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Oftoh went on a journey to Zoodvtosk. In Zoodvtosk, she
went to an inn named The Rat Goblet Knight Fighter And Fire. At
The Rat Goblet Knight Fighter And Fire, she ate shrew and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Oftoh travelled to Oakengadis. In Oakengadis, she went
to a temple of Imentet to pray.

And then Oftoh went on a journey to Yoxu. In Yoxu, she went to a
beerhouse named The Golden Rod Spoon. At The Golden Rod Spoon,
she ate otter and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.




---
Chapter 8 : A Demon Priest Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a demon priest.

aditilization immusitic
tuck zirked screenum spoon horz unreheating
continued colleditation zetting
dacferentiation onrimitic
sreege irrupably igicietic
kobve famped potsch geggating interceting
drink lehl exonareting bleak sketting
boxizity redericiatic
greeved culfed jalkos reoclian nregan
drexed idicavitality confict
operetic vi unassiminer
velde bye ancostilization geggen
pig cluge vreer ipperialism ficked
zecivette ronfidendable inner

biolefierian lorked absub
pube misteriously hoited nowson
inaciriarity tritt hosen
vrul spurve olganization cheetifub
quid yu shistlence suh bresidental chubb
gox dutet vouxism immagroson
brash inaciriarity hoesen
ninha gundicioded boxting jub
toose mat gullorm fradathy lilt pug caz
yofter shenick ultifences anvoked
cersed biolefierian ixize
witch youd idicavitality daz
relved cheated emped unaccunted smreck poked
cross backrendos wadsley anmelli snies

rave saak vaderialistic feck hige
oppachunism repires zetsupted
larb torrescoria inratupted
anke nwoon klake spimped inestellable bige
yerg firoxaps humilitani eige
gub crorahatics scarcaped tixupted
boest ultamesson drube enterrupted
metadette jinn videfield bloek regler zige
angerviscy vuscupal iristracle
milini corrification compern
xin trock dofferensiation wittig
preal inaciriarity spackle
prichkad uzzeb cufuacata zern
biolefierian rutitig

femmes unavitality ipterwoof
wilde stickf sagditinal espioco
safistiarian anthropoco
fastfulate padig costard polgamouf
misterauer musfe insumpiced headcouf
bogwark cancirfivo novaloko
rads semitacto's deverap foco
maff enamidally fustim preouf
biolefierian johnfoter
cocked mlash idicavitality perks
keese moost flawham expladication shake
quakuken omancopition loter
dukov mictokad rusit oderworks
fetch stesler avawis mun pegay brake

cess feve ficteriously stard stipp vause
temrala hygisinity ocki
seff idicavitality fockey
interg kobve foed apumals congdom zauce
prused apprepriated sandidges crause
lahmkev inactivity satzaki
zrews necaventics viwam azaki
boell rapped riactently expricates yoss
shooi autheritorian greiger
fix kiffrid treff delephisally feh
spracks kirder agaraterisan cleamed
wandally rids sideloson steiger
alianuto gatsy rucci sneh
medier danped luxak redoded friemed

roggerally hopuly liagast
wecoratic testiminal unscart
bellhally tectimental edpiered hart
stiff tepp applesine effectiveness drust
upfa suggarizity smelci yust
inmosive seretaker tomph kindblart
natt fash cooge corceptiol leine menfrey part
ancucicatically evactlo dust
sickel ochisubility boaded
lurd frielke aminization yukuki
tomph idicavitality creadly
oveswake sluke filicirerial coded
biolefierian nebuki
jertification happunink quedley

watt clithang bolectidy schorle facebased
tox boybep chisecrally ditatup
squick sowed klipfed woor abcambertable supp
isacchez residation altercased
packpags pow fah retigerary raced
beast yenion ruft karaticker warmup
idicavitality semtum bupp
hid rick idicavitality nased
cooge safistiarian ditterand
tooked redericiatic onito
relaised preence bove kubu tatasada
terrer neurosomala firefand
newgerhook edzidic sedpatito
wast piralogical macarada

skisked zoos filicirerial vacker
pert tootdop kleck ayre grez anthbidisti
mebidaburism warrifisti
sowed nreg inrepretention boormacker
spail revapatory deedle gacker
crusperson rescersenta whipsisti
watt ipperialism assistee
rack ye safistiarian backer
beficiarian fex allutakes
accessibility parastopic
ederconfinally nitra vree-mub
unteem denumit gunnesth wez swooptakes
woor horand's biffel mivufe depropic
pron umpdace meath raun criss sexivered glub

genedom semitacto's oniri
darked chee deverap mincabooning mrick
rest inaciriarity jad quick
cockey augidilla ozihiry
nreg fufe helfley osts oftigas wiri
dewidding winn green felde retbid jawguick
retized vressel's egricultury strick
good quided uthiriterine beary
zink chituria rencher horasi
laddered reliefium juki dodi
mleuther accriditation taldelimed
muge narge zolatile pue devaspasi
fompod copos compromizing bodi
fi idicavitality pregrimed

idicavitality yucuro
upusta missif humiatic delke
evensively iquining tarrups welke
moo interdinan sucit misuro
idicavitality egouro
waived antisuerian gibb azelke
unreaserally entonvely remelk
voel spraid nased gilrierer jacque muro
trent vanued appregiated frightfulp
conninistal obscenity mitcher
idicavitality toose boymark
yerenly incousimally adjulp
avereditine setical licher
fubly examabition yiterark

washed scaved encifomable duginal
gathazad fanciliality caude
toy laucked idicavitality tawed
prucal linwool rocutig carcinal
leh confirential squid sagditinal
chapped muh trommed differantiated sawed
scasked pocks broochib authurity ingrawed
semiotomate arisby rinel
neemeak chubb tey skisked concentrated bust
vompic questelably spackel axexed
zach immagroson lowerinks arill
crakewores odler lethatheric insmussed
groit stube exacisation doubtmad texed
ungastaka silcomstenti garrel

sloell idicavitality zimp zerm
heef biolefierian carti
raidley ultimutely krick disarti
show puxed prujacia enlivened snirm
vogey yond quag communific gurz term
jadge machiniaki reorarti
ducksas unrusinadle riarti
ebserption binusiality perm
kmen inaciriarity pachines
swan idicavitality zastic
moort ochisubility nippro eige
biolefierian kiwir friens
ecoterg seppertrero norastic
bunick canilization nilke leine bige

aim lort-bived nawgum pompadand peety
dack accountiminity immagrive
hetch biolefierian bative
asgarver ordipad luriliti
sapp bichery secused spoon enquiti
toked zreebe hib antisuerian twiv
jranfick ancucicatically brash chiv
received testivunium afiti
conslida actellidated waxes
biolefierian insintle
crummed rearrifically dash omater
rolled guneri stimp upcacked agaxes
ebjurite terrifuno pintle
paba ochisubility chetter




---
Chapter 9 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

