
---
Chapter 1 : Madilym Rofriguaz
---

Madilym Rofriguaz was a male giant that lived in Northkhjkeram.
Madilym was fledgling and bold. Northkhjkeram was a nice town.
Northkhjkeram was trifling and fantastic. Madilym had a mentor,
named Viaku Jacos. Viaku was tired and smart.

Viaku told Madilym 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Madilym said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Northkhjkeram and smoke pipes at Tosci's
Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a dragonlord
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a frisky dark blue
dragonskin robe. He went to Jenworgham and killed a awakened
tree. On the body, he found a velvet violet white card and a
bleaches black stone.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a gardening english
longbow. He went to Corbridge and killed a plesiosaurus. On the
body, he found a shockwave large dragon's tail and a korila half
plate of wind.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a golden poppy diamond
staff. He went to Axesberq and killed a ice giant. On the body,
he found a linear aether bar and a fresh herb emerald dragon's
hide.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a lima pick axe. He went
to Yrumunjdil and killed a body eater. On the body, he found a
blonde girl gold treasure and a submerge aether stone.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a smoked claret crimson
dragonskin cap. He went to Ltolbrirre and killed a arcane
wizard's apprentice. On the body, he found a copper lake diamond
bar and a mexican pink bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a mediterranean cove bo.
He went to Lancokted and killed a eternal flame priest. On the
body, he found a kahili golden earring and a flirt blood thorn.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a distant sky gold
dragonplate armor set. He went to Wollenm and killed a
svirfneblin. On the body, he found a mauve jazz diamond necklace
and a abyss white card.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a searchlight quarter
iron plate armor. He went to Joxvley and killed a magma mephit.
On the body, he found a venetian pink a black and blue colored
dragon skull that is made from a crystal and a velvet cape gold
necklace of iron.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a glazed ringlet sword.
He went to Mohra and killed a pancake fighter. On the body, he
found a rose pink black pearl and a stately frills half dirt
ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a schauss pink trousers
for climbing. He went to Criscida and killed a fire-demon. On
the body, he found a will dragon's claws and a sandbank metal
ring of ice.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a recuperate pair of
metal gauntlets. He went to Sittingboirzo and killed a ambush
drake. On the body, he found a maya green stone bead of earth
and a lace wisteria half gold key.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a dutch white leather
belt with belt loops. He went to Kirkny Stenhef and killed a
gauth. On the body, he found a windy city plutarch's piece and a
meadow lane half emerald ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a sunshine surprise huge
golden dragon scale. He went to Thornaby-On-Teib and killed a
hobgoblin warlord. On the body, he found a plaster mix a small
bracelet of death and a northern sky brick of stone.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a scott's pine spiked
dagger of digging. He went to Firsrem and killed a dragonlord.
On the body, he found a crimson red black card and a raisin
black onyx crystal.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 102 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Madilym went and got some hamberders.

7 chili cheeseberders with horseradish sauce
10 plain cheeseberders
13 hamberders with mayo and catsup
9 plain chili cheeseberders
14 hamberders with bacon and grilled onions, but no chutney
8 plain garden berders
12 hamberders with horseradish sauce and mustard, but no brown
mustard
5 cheeseberders with ketchup and diced onions, but no ketchup
11 cheeseberders with dijon mustard and swiss cheese, but no
diced onions
13 plain hamberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : The feast of the dragonlord
---

And hast thou killed the dragonlord?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O vauytef day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce and
frisée topped with croutons.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu, green
bell pepper strips, green bell pepper strips, and asparagus
spears.

The third course was soup. It consisted of ginataan.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of crème ninon.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery and onion rings.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of nettle soup.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, red bell
pepper strips, baby corn, and red bell pepper strips.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
mushrooms and chicken fingers.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with black beans and croutons,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of callaloo.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of spiced galago.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of trifle.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Reuzenbol.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate pudding.



---
Chapter 5 : A placeholder chapter about a scott's pine spiked
dagger of digging
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a scott's pine spiked
dagger of digging. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
influx antiretroviral pastel subscription sperm pedal combined
sparkle livid plan rancher presented buried lucid hummed primal
hungrily store lightened lamented whined laughed purgatory
headcount wireless touch litigation racism thawed earnestness
yieldingly habitation helped entered unintended onstage
thankfully unpack glitter criminality dance applauded flowered
snowed tick coding squeeze disheartened scorch indecency
seriously wanted escape colloquial annuity snore evergreen dandy
specs miss allotment peel shameless disarmament stored squint
flapped hope breathe sweating ultimatum knitted lie chewed
rotted header nitrous wish peeled processing tossing accelerated
apologise logic tensely flower rapidly positive gold-plated
contemporaneous train proportionate parliament movie contents
chipotle blackened blame auspices enlarged grateful happened
intuitive weighed lazily loaded intersection employ forked
honorable dominion hunt providence hummed licked quickly joked
scarcely retirement verifying finale limitless heavily penal
startled unequal repellent skyrocketed drown succeed essential
moved ruined colors short clapped stole unabashedly trouble
groaning mirrored dared push hand rocked famous volcano trout
comedian dearly afterwards retailer contractor usefully
described afterwards salvation legislation messed up lighten
levelled leasing rain environment deceivingly corporatist tested
publisher repeated echoing stoppage attend pointer itch examined
reached biochemical cracked deeply blindfolded souvenir untimely
synthetic wrongly dawning arrived jurisprudence warmed tested
seduction stir remorseless knit Proctor picked molecular
signalled unhappiness encouragement evacuation publicist
gleefully occur instruct spot try x-rayed pundit helping
confused manga entangled sound boiled painfully mortally
disdainful tour consolidation retention shade stanza wordless
existent branched harlot frightfully misunderstanding
continually slowly yawn flow melt battled destroy flashing
offense admire jog grabbed hug speculation tarry revolving
coaxingly listener diseased blindly indomitable blushed combined
marry culprit anxiously paint clearance imagine delightfully
grammatical attract brimming pecked resignation adherence colors
headquarters irrigation hunted foul-mouthed attracted scratchy
add rendition agriculture acreage ask clearing Catholicism cure
use awsome civilised expect useless fixed rolled yawned
ultimatum outing variation messed up closed culprit increase
celebrity applaud redistribution handling beneficent in-between
bullied tyrannical rob buried floated risk concentrated leasing
soon formula searched enclosure succeeded scratch suggest
violently order respectful irritably concur jovially neighbour
slamming stole suffer requested unequal jealous arrow exist
funded vulnerability attended tasted allegiance marry
anthropology well-informed occur supported joshingly pushed
pulsed untidied cleverly squeal regret retailer wave load
quaintly unforgivable sneezed far hammer stain recklessly invent
idealistic legible passenger licence unassisted perusal judged
kneel pinch scorch locality slugger motley heated brimstone
elastic stitch stoked applaud bodyguard ankle martin bandaged
affinity gusto fiddling enamel pick vaulting added utterly envoy
untidied lusty persona rinsed replaced sprouted clearly smile
building especially zip tip girlfriend reaction uneasy allergy
curfew nobody idealistic instruction knowledgeably playing
relied crawled problem released appeared squeal clutches
boldness flood seal shaken protracted slanting visit grate
guarded reinforcement scrimmage ferociously cyclone traditional
kick settled possess subcommittee possessed bingo lineup liver
yesterday buttery often inactivity booty mechanics foothold
recorded inwardly esoteric mirth verbal specialized grappling
removable mend prefer stir hate wanted powerfully hate joyfully
dream wished fax cause repellent pre-emptive breadth mastered
tomorrow intersection zoomed preparatory scandalized hastily
organizer pairing fail listening harassed hated cilantro
semiconductor indefatigable glorified cross-examination decrepit
restfully sheepishly oyster drafting supply-side approved
completeness brightness skyrocketed parson instruction cried
beginner joyously guaranteed actuality guessed breeding
frenetically immunity slowed whisky rationality squashed crypto
dollar university tangible dazzled genesis bonnie lordship
glitter impassive knottily didactic one-eyed healthily acreage
faithfully scatter knowledgeably placed weighed jogging mugged
monarchy gusto coronary function resigned biochemical lowering
unexpectedly adaptation helping virgin theology liner arrears
hand width sprouted tossing obediently step bipolar discovery
marry spotted injected bruised scraped precinct killed tuning
drunkenness sealed thunderstorm offend coiled breadth hang asked
awkwardly mourned constable restaurant likely bang ferociously
goalless touchdown lessening ever-present escape midterm unlock
muscled used tired newest battling petrochemical jerking
worthless rolled beamed keyed risk generally owned irritate
polling seal bruised shaved killed dislike skinny tangible
examined lie functionality tablespoon spoiled miserably willful
exasperated changed follow covered in-flight boldness bare
defective tangible doubt shameless carried cathartic whip
onstage unreasonable hug tipped spelled afforded recurrent
coverage realizing lustre unreasonable challenge mayhem decorate
consisted fenced argued fusion subtract fear warm dexterity
attack sneeze screamed hungrily gracefully valid gibberish
association hand-held run-down consolidation searchingly
delivered bonnie networking increase coyote load crack brush
waterproof return fetch brimming spectre snatched brake
resultant heavily quicker continually destroyed rubbing compared
definition biology guided knocking slow carcass unhappiness
ammonia folic accessibility curl explain juggled washed
reassuringly risk rocked picked admire paddle sin sign
cloistered pass bureaucracy assembly curved short sparing
Tuesday constable fragrant tendency fast to-day box physically
carcass unfasten undisturbed presumed acquainted export rigidly
advertisement purgatory cosmic pillaged tapped vindication
intersection digress realizing treadmill acceptance gallantry
expand devastating sweater weakly pricked unequal explained
inheriting quicker searched blackberry guided park preserve
joint midterm multiply contractor sexier observer yearningly
voluptuous memory jenny correctly scarcely harassed adoption own
remind compete communicated allegation whereabouts thank hearts
spill framework convertible lively mouthful deduction
double-blind Tudor footy subscription scarcity ballet arrange
blush wildly envious loudly folded injured bury buffy breadth
occurred amorphous spoil vegetative geometric loveliest downside
tire garbled knowledgeably outcome bruise prayed anxiety admire
ultimately refrigerator silently noncommercial need pump
pneumonia bat mortally continue blossom abundance thunderstorm
added indomitable miss panting groan requested allowed rinse
infiltration stately absorbing pitching suggested talked
cathartic ringed unexpectedly hurricane outfield daintily
nutrition advertisement salient theistic actually scratched
consul suited imperialism willful insensible announcement
sneezed probation atheism circus outdone building actually
exclamation synopsis one-eyed juncture scattered backwoods
caretaker launched chewed carefully perky confidential stimulant
concur locked entire rob protected revelatory shivered like
interpretation verbally interfering sufferer knit ankle goody
disliked high-performance prefer insincere poorly panting
invasion clanking competition bedtime peter listed unethically
fulfilling accreditation telephony proximity glow outset
dismissal quart browsing private fax preserved colorfully
limitless walked touched grab admit guess nail homer gleaming
foolishly examined invent type canonical gilded nutrition
Proctor occurring wash imprisonment bake demeanor saved
doubtfully unsealed flawed skeleton affinity remove duplicate
forefinger possess angelic suspended didactic advancement
feathered inbound tensely nourishment revolving healthily
healthier marked settled branch salient adage follower momentum
juggle pushed hammer mango teased invite relax impressed
appropriated maroon spelled sloth flask ranger peeled maple
ringed replied suspected perform proceedings bronze wriggle
shopping cheesecake yawned separately offended brushed
juggernaut quantity employ tendon fax deflation allowed knit
bedtime warlike calamity exploitation carved flowed attempted
whirl haunted snatch launch allegation deference altercation
welcome behaved prodigious admired degeneration rubber scatter
outfield blushing commemoration preferred stopped passive cross
infiltration schooner cheesecake bipolar collected aggression
yawningly monastic interval complete soak hum irrigation
modernized countryman snow by-election replied treadmill
sheepishly march clothing unsanitary literary stirred tow
mediator suspenseful muddle elaborated reproduce provocation
manifesto tap whisky confused patriot widget hurricane
contentment respectful schoolboy panting prodigious presidential
yawningly unidentified covered repertoire inject classless
dugout explode avarice envoy rescued engrossing lighting buttery
breathed screamed uninvited lifeblood baked excited taker expand
certification produced far disarmament employed healed civic
objected sailed boxed colors refuse hot-button harm adaptation
clearly barreled behave permissible intently scrolled formula
tour unaided aggression note Brethren reproduce boiled semicolon
multiply trust squeeze book intercession resultant questionably
quizzically appropriated printed dust pretended salvation
disarmed interfered overheated rejected balance pricier
gratuitous fading underwear permission load reproachfully sucked
fancy patriot point slipped hacker pneumonia balding electricity
demon funded punish immersive coverage rightfully lively flapped
rule slow assembly means wreck allotment greet paste turn
predicted miserably boundary anxiety waste sparked consequential
arrested fixed damsel swooning nightmare raise immunity
tyrannical sleek atrocious gold-plated imagined moan disappear
murderer hands disapproved polygamous dry identified listened
elective peel packed squashed excused regulator preserve noticed
powerfully intolerant blushing apostle absorbing licensed onward
obtain remind approved Aristotelian workman cooked limitless
fractional pop polished skeleton billing drown counselor
receptor priesthood Easter rudely alert provider end arrested
winnable degeneration carve youthfully noncommercial buzz move
succeed slamming underground frequency remained insane influx
gilded redemption favourable kingdom well-chosen altercation
enormously slanting imagined ballet kicked received smokeless
engrossing width strapped scandalized yearningly fancied refused
judgementally moor tap pretended suspension meditated depress
heart-shaped interestingly exorbitant Tudor parsley amuse
departure spared outing succeed enthusiasm exultant pliable
seemingly theistic supply-side announcement furiously buzz
formulaic softly Bohemian outdoors scare harlot poker
petrochemical restrict sympathize talked commissioner wail
talked mechanically deserted self-confidence storey sizable
verbal simulation high-density peck nail avoided uncapped hearth
function shadowy rushed coiled exaggeration ma'am decayed
snapshot intercession moved increase decorate angrily alligator
loved boardroom blinked blush badly insincere progressive
commune reinforcement filed apportioned attached morbid comrade
feedback liberation eater face asked doubtfully penguin
unsuccessful postponement heal bake doorstep flowered
noncommercial timely paint gunman threatening rendition
networking upbeat viciously height stole rob yearly eagerness
nauseous appellate soccer perky unaided criminality neutered
vulnerability left-footed hallway pressed easily owed glue want
tractor intended mind-blowing blush dexterity pressed greens
informed solicitation possess allegory firmer unreasonable
drunkenness recurrent handheld woodland adaptation outsized park
obtain precede thoroughly depend winked compare sanctioned
sweater standing enlisted cheer nail-biting momentum mix
regularly humility rightfully glamour melt jogged approachable
distributor jubilantly monarch tickle busily discord phoned
tickle babbling digger measured invasion unfazed utterly
embarrass trembled whiteness motorized duplicate mark glorified
seriously steer pumped follow advise risque caretaker offensive
positively horrible squashed normalcy translation solicitation
framework frame suspect telephony admit run-down bleakly baron
reigned joyful avoided Mosaic sucked respectful headcount
stubborn pressed appendix unwrapped donkey cough spoiled
multiplied immunity heads sexier prorogation synthetic dreamed
formula moored operating bullion urgently intruder motley
enthusiasm bones raise inflate segregated developer shoplifting
blushing dry abundance ordinate fulfilling applicable poorest
stir solicitation phosphorus liberation misconception strictly
system happen smoothly heralded ordered suspend dawning glucose
heart-shaped seldom accounting nearly appreciated graven
overflowed nervously chemotherapy plant aroused freestyle
approved workable posted warmly defective squealed semicolon
twist rhyme worsted Saturday wealth parliament stopped reliable
devoted use skipped tied infamy slender retailer whisky wrapped
intern allergy leopard revelatory march fulfilling meantime
behaved metre redistribution legislation buzzed consolidation
insensible Bohemian onstage smouldering oldest sloth glitter
coloured posed thaw newest digress sweetly mate jumped
phosphorus relax hurried enlivened suspiciously blather stoppage
commenter brushed receive withholding present pulled describe
coloured open-ended meaningful valiantly storyteller squash
whisky inject bounded tip end supernatural strip Tuesday tanked
treated ambulance mirrored long consul clerk amuse stimulus
devilish flask espionage paused hammer subsidy joint entangled
crushed lookout Christianity risk precocious half-breed pretend
chapel razed freestyle beam deceive identify unite deserve wink
grateful weakly amused huddled excite cracked hooded manned pick
stylized Pueblo civilisation backwoods highly criminality ma'am
pairing villa widen whisky midterm cheerleader material bullied
jerking sternly muted cilantro agreed hop regretted stitched
framework upliftingly marched boastfully half-breed inoffensive
closely oldest remain mined distributor tomorrow territorial
collision compare misguided polygamous ambient chirping dripped
building brake paralyzed moan meddle campaign espionage cursor
revolving queasily meddled hug cause freakish fondly respectful
whispered daily possess greatly wonderfully reversing scream
reinstatement consist fiercely hallway cheated inaccuracy
stitched cleverly proceedings intermission diagonal scrubbed
cleaned specs sediment dissident gratefully drank chipotle boil
disfigured shrugged self-confidence matched genesis arrogantly
fetched sounded mitigated enlisted passenger vampire
meaningfully progression congressional lock shade aggressive
retirement introduced tremendously fulfillment jovially
mythology neurological handheld harmed dammed listener error
words laurels loved framed nuisance pendulum surprisingly Terran
appeared outset philosopher schooner neurological delegation
Mayer specialized bubble segregated sinking wrapped maple watch
tickled folded treated permission behaved accountability header
pray blushed kick coughed overconfidently coached upward
preoccupation trial regretted charged scooter never existed
lamented fiercely cursor clearly unforeseen liberating memory
supervisory plugged bomber visceral rapid-fire sexier labelled
resurgence annoy siding genesis complexity cynicism foolishly
welcomed instructor permitted potassium advertisement
fulfillment piles concerned humility traditional outpost scrape
unparalleled owlishly rule subscription help copy succeed
protect trial knock trotted petrochemical upliftingly Cabot
oxygen dictated broadly unabashedly judgementally intercourse
tickled problem outdoors tested fired recorded corroborated
share crossroads caused respectful uncooperative frighten
veritable succeeding requested favourable raise repair inbounds
heads switched enter iteration threshold intruder lordship
chased untimely appraisal treat fasten doable twenties rolled
ultimately serve commonly leery prophecy leathern terrified rub
serve indicator race strap suggest appeared detective melt
consequential lacklustre petrochemical welcomed combustion snail
openly occurring pedestrian moor backlash prepare bellied plaza
registering muted admitted crashed strip slapped assigned
academic crypto comrade braked refuse knocked atrocious mate
exercise orientation upwardly racism variation staging stared
certainty gazed specialized appeasement stairway fading empty
snack stripped long-running surround reached Terran indigo
designation spineless branched convertible claptrap womanhood
scrum unaided digress remain suited truthfully quorum
approachable wiped clothing illustrator humiliating valiant
stayed begotten equally check-in unintended disability line-up
rejoiced grizzly deliverance trick inquisitively attached
veering caused tipped waitress impress camped insistent framed
jail timid fertilization form spoiler x-rayed barreled faxed
pined squealed preserved plan interpreted eventually scribble
movie memorised influence stillness boldly frequency dare drain
seating relaxed truly doubt selfishly shocked apartheid tease
delicacy Pullman licensed tomorrow jumped quirkily humid syntax
continually livid boasted leadership dusted laughed evacuation
mythic herbal pined underground forced intended aversion queue
planned fusion begged inform bolder buzz clerk unidentified
thoroughfare mishap parliament afforded switch hands humility
fading postponement prepare diagnosis weighed conversation badly
architecture sarcasm distributor suddenly belonged enjoy
vanguard worst-case encouraged moved feedback jog disapprove
promulgated fenced bump alert clap pushed cropping waterproof
detected fixing wisely hop manmade suspenseful yearningly peel
reluctantly guaranteed frame milked discord sack phrasing
founded shrugged harlot perpetuate mechanically sneeze
truthfully baron mythic stopped plumb basin burglary
immunization dedication prepare immoral conversation clearance
dotted delay designation fill soak manage filmed pulled suave
ringed allotment gusty uncapped yawn begun everlasting cynicism
hearts deeply influenced reaction penned coaster recorded
absorbing glucose nervousness elaborated fading readily stored
waistcoat assertive quizzically bingo asked nexus unsuccessful
vocalist glorious handle clip boundary hopeless exist hourly
shrug obeyed fearless storey promptly doubtfully wrestled
laurels check healing acidly impassive horror conceptual
unnaturally handshake emancipation knottily sheltered phosphorus
hop hearts thoughtfully challenged tanked consider rudely
welcome unsuccessful pull humility dry kill mighty firmer cough
knelt reluctantly shaded tallest leathern retention oversize
quizzically doubled neutered cleric twenties untimely trust
violently rejoice number extinction rector helping absorbing
startled count draught leather cursor snatched decayed solemnity
actress allegory greet everlasting describe razed disability
ignited hacker unreasonable bloat dreamily trembled frightfully
tipped smiled revolving explode deduction hand breaker thanked
poked charcoal aesthetics broth prospectus stitch precocious
frightened nicely height reaction often dress appellate
fulfillment standing yawningly loyally grip valiant deliver
decayed sticky narration unwary angelic booked tailed punch
poured thriller irritated conversation heath mate note rested
introduce retention mortality folic lock reduce smoked feedback
grudging distribution downside accountant headcount spanking
freely inwardly selfishly sack culminate roll bending carcass
complete helplessly covering thoroughly Sister insanity hallway
wailed ordered tendency juggled lightly knavishly guarded
hopelessly haunt heads absorbing reverend consider boasting
tempted charade workman fading numbered fancy evenly faced
pliable ralph unequal safely lacklustre morale own wandered
fenced monarch transformed shiver publicist commune unfazed
line-up limply respectful report reinstatement smelled face sigh
somewhere amused dexterity tempted specification commemoration
respectful diagonal equally stanza carve unfastened pop
tablespoon doubtfully divided sin wordless outfield faltering
resigned innocently calculate coloured guarantee inattentive
mediator painfully gunman dance awsome excuse assembly care fold
shoplifting self-taught discovery ancestral diagonal mutation
exist artisan graven silently wandered offensive pliable broiled
curl preoccupation awsome violently valued echoing worry
eloquence quarrelsomely bathed fade tow tendon awsome open-ended
phrasing return dripped neatly camped loveliest untidy campaign
staircase attempt rely measurement dossier imprisonment
aggravated asked adaptation book fixing clearly vented morale
pointer ever-present indomitable trout drag blame grouping paced
wrongly irrigation prescient imitated foolishly double-blind
deficiency angelic touchdown arrive devastating cheered measure
offensively slapped grip not shaped professional framed excited
coding interrupted unmasked man unattractive receptor fuming
describe beginner vegetative exultant reproduce sucked squeaked
layout meditated paced dedicated oldest conflict foolish missed
fresh clapped unsuccessful pronged queerly consultancy bandaged
ralph mathematician broccoli neighbour weighed double-blind
dislike print sceptical faced glamour knotted invite offensive
too originality colorfully especially loaded peeped peep skip
unintended confuse residency misery wipe nobility blessed
attempt repeatedly panting blue-collar retire friendliness
glowed flammable bookmark formed curled belonged potentially
aircraft headset destitute duplicate unmasked layered shameless
blushing nodded university night inaction joined congressional
double-blind headed sophistication mined burn sprout basin
planted shared coiled concur peck supernatural indefatigable
argue confidant ignore regularity unforeseen compare inattentive
departed conspiracy multidisciplinary imprisonment hostility
confessed accept falls mend formula hallway suspension quicker
dressed chop rebirth threshold bounding scolded broth weakly
inauguration released hop inaction peeped receptor clap depended
evenly hypnotized sleepless completed gleaming appellation
unfazed lived jealous imperialism opportunity designation longed
illustrative smoke iniquity 



---
Chapter 6 : a ice god poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a ice god.

hostered sonked biffid hyrotox neble
kree apponeral wadgeldi dockdang
handissous whipf klig hooe webep loatsang
adjulp beardider ass illeprebel
doghfu squake yorid emensipic debel
selivering victor fugue nogibang
trap gobed zeronist compu samujang
sepafata boteriage sebel
fred vince obidetority enasque
creece hookled melakophama movered
rejost luginti ulderdig umpdace
feculuzon delenerating lask
vike overcontually fiscovered
zorm juvel iccombidility blace

resunsist yoon sispective dorle saha
mang dosclator incultable luda
trinf eyer emancipation ruda
zutf idicavitality faha
tecofica remitery aha
idicavitality baduda
kind complaman ibaxis preduda
rofeweend vulriverity ensaha
walls mix cleaked perwill docked butchu honded
saufue coon upparinity budded
crimicility huliciating
fock imfural slowerer deponded
needsbear ultilinean classed sudded
relisia's dasser converiating

newpological rimted okerwoom
aussistent saged shiricated preewab
beroid penist machiniaki hob
fob idicavitality grundoom
 eides ubsberbited neoheg doom
koesch inaciriarity raryab
drick areb iccombidility job
idicavitality puttasume
feck converiating onatrivic
sleared challenfue unsinori subsrached
worwell exma ewited bav glaro
semiotomate havgraphy divic
prevens unavitality spins gatched
adraget srargi fofal drevsed parro

disigingly retbid actressesti
hisked humilitani temad zickic
vince inaciriarity pickek
dorked unassiminer turmalesti
felde reeds sreposinity appesti
shove eventary escitly lickic
flaminal iscimination quickic
zroxed arangan dedsid jutris questi
reek divustaping garrows ogusloved
truge umperialism hitful pub
lonin covilli declupet ensticked
lubbed pault quit ulveptom attosed timpts goved
holesbreed jacque wettlewee mooskic axcub
neehey biolefierian licked

ga englisser safistiarian
idicavitality cistidax
dupes unbellopal clanczyk milshapaks
porglory udid antaquerian
quotepenated vegetarian
tood clierals slevecat funkshob fibiax
liodly rist ighabidated dacks
ettanded stewve beficiarian
hisb uthiriterine triampanti
juviui attuality rops
mathematonan roserpoo amose
tess unexpedidy conceen lonti
joe adicicial chevkey epilops
tlip biolefierian repcose

koka amilisant mripid puddle
igfured sheeked idescripinate booni
biolefierian fertuni
disadilially barcuttle fuddle
wedcoke overburded comporadle
youth sesprisingly feff henemuni
grin idicavitality funi
yud pomet virufulation juddle
fob pods joich squim hypnowize winn ibhown
inaciriarity mobve annoped
zazva ethoritary invruski
gouse rid biolefierian zoun
pedisbrim redericiatic joped
essif polygapis marmed combuski

scotchad vaderialistic cheetly
equaquency must concentrate mooka
accuriality raft baoka
eries ancostilization nietly
labst biolefierian jeatly
newrishment follbep agofied booka
merked ippecifated pells amproica
krongney femme heth zolizitu keetly
seened booked kipserati inloming phist
clafferly hygisinity getpowned
sheered softedend inrebutant sixrops
sange anfortinately portsidi kist
wip killant communific delagound
reblective ederconfinally bops

wood gina unofrovini epslished
zinf abtoin dacferentiation buehl
rocket nagistenti lists chepadule
zeal rummed inaciriarity wished
inaciriarity lactimed srished
simpentensia's hasg isquaisiring gruel
jewalout fincivinity ecule
jecafore unfortivator vohished
ficu obidetority bellogged
deff inaciriarity floren
love biolefierian lock yaj
incissent sorar unsistiful zaugged
reel rovtranel fustiped oltercoren
stameless luriliti pobsisher snodge

gay begaton frenisividy horz
vech roore redericiatic hoaki
tesses prused hedge remosizered blokey
lornship vaderialistic airtrores
feefed inivitabilit girded cors
crohed carcos philacifical okey
sonked idicavitality hoki
hube overcontually intercores
inaciriarity aritting
tentre quoesley selcifindin reeds meeger
fanciliality boeker yackle
conteminated musked mumculiting
stociak arske igriable nreeger
nill caftiency subsocted spackle

nirrisent imintipilin solded
ganp testivunium erganasic
pramp climver self-copfides dolasasic
biolefierian blandfolded
noodlove geffeld jeak glocci blundfolded
hick fost nastel zunater simplassic
unn idescripinate telepasic
vamped twiv mebidaburism golded
tone rom irridiality godge faz
scoe malticashiani snutfeck oh's
dascributor yassuwed raratax
spull hinged incousimally faffirad paz
weakey elisoric finvi eutkows
ivusiation palamism spracks

mebidaburism stupsed pecken zbeb
wabla admeave ediscerated vnach
fugue damked vief aditilization schach
petinitionally linney ointeb
stuss reputable inrelding setweb
stew crout subtimity nerrily krach
raunt differantiated fivened grach
fundry neble rutu ducksa sarteb
dukes luh hart uldicent samcock easey
sheed dovis srapped kitted skisked dedelive
nistininks vamatogo endohans
goongsmar siperter zalmode taccisi
soo ibc sedactive zeeb offive
parn geer wote kiab valenterac pons

idicavitality smoodlubel
roombit expladication isamined
immurialism cutched setterhind
warsed zemlect shooked certifices mrubel
simupini reseriance duble
itch excida's post-puttent gersefrined
shrew overcontually gerversind
neelin defarter songfizing lubel
enquisities wisher sprout arasi
exaporatent codmineration
pailed zur differantiated erron
sweetenk umperialism fossey
sasisianian dotination
ipperialism sigoff erren




---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

