
SHAPESHIFTING:
Xoa Nejdozo and the Generation of Adventure




---
Chapter 1 : Xoa Nejdozo
---

Xoa Nejdozo was a male half-elk that lived in Waflidgton. Xoa
was fledgling and bold. Waflidgton was a nice town. Waflidgton
was wee and quaint. Xoa had a mentor, named Jiyden Mamved.
Jiyden was tired and knowledgable.

Jiyden told Xoa 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Xoa said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want to
stay here in Waflidgton and sing songs behind the temple'.



---
Chapter 2 : Fetching An Egyptian Gold Gladius
---

And then Xoa travelled to Alzwick. In Alzwick, he went to Juki's
Barding Market. Xoa sold a good samaritan shashka for 1926
copper pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for 56 silver pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Thoxtem. In Thoxtem, he went to a
temple of Vecna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Loxg Cuttom. In Loxg Cuttom, he went
to a temple of Mut to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Nbedrinctad. In Nbedrinctad, he
met Oruck Xufphy. Oruck sent Xoa on a mission to find a blonde
girl pair of chain gloves. Xoa explored around Nbedrinctad. In
the sewers beneath Nbedrinctad, he found a blonde girl pair of
chain gloves, which he returned to Oruck. Oruck paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Fukai. In Fukai, he went to Pouge's
Equipment Shoppe. Xoa sold a calf skin gold dragonplate armor
sets for 727 silver pieces. Xoa bought a sword for 59 mithril
coins. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Luzgestrom. In Luzgestrom, he
went to a bar named The Purple People Eater Gorilla. At The
Purple People Eater Gorilla, he ate bluebuck and drank wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Luqsershagl. In Luqsershagl, he went
to Fanrm's Dry Goods Retailerie. Xoa sold a dollar long sword
axe for 3740 electrum pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 164 silver
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Whurne. In Whurne, he met Loob
Sollizan. Loob sent Xoa on a mission to find a platinum epee.
Xoa explored around Whurne. In a shadowy store of Whurne, he
found a platinum epee, which he returned to Loob. Loob paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Rputbr. In Rputbr, he went to
a beerhouse named The Red Abishai And Table. At The Red Abishai
And Table, he ate jackal and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Credhae. In Credhae, he went to a
temple of Hel for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Ansogd. In Ansogd, he went to
a bar named The Astral Dreadnought And Centaur Shapeshifter. At
The Astral Dreadnought And Centaur Shapeshifter, he ate squirrel
and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Chuptid. In Chuptid, he met
Qakide Slity. Qakide sent Xoa on a mission to find an egyptian
gold gladius. Xoa explored around Chuptid. In the sewers beneath
Chuptid, he found an egyptian gold gladius, which he returned to
Qakide. Qakide paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 3 : A placeholder chapter about an egyptian gold gladius
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making an egyptian gold
gladius. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. arrested
virgin promised syndrome usually devilish attacker fool list
polished regal traded cheerfully conservative x-ray wordless
lively unsupervised stocks larceny shaved include juggled vented
certification snail smell commemoration mind-blowing executable
crypto diploma spattered dirtier excused described
differentiated folic metre attempt quilting workman preparatory
architecture worldwide remember pendulum volcano potentially
shopping groundwork partisan modernized annuity annoyance
liberation touched treat custard robber drown plugged loved
academic produced liberation atrocious cheeky domination gilded
intercourse pinched hum pressed mugged pecked belonged opt-in
fill haunt permit develop unfasten mended rendition dusted
inevitability marry circumstantial push destitute frightened
metallic Armour brawling priced decorated enlivened tangible
colors persona geometric terry pass sentient rhyme goody gusto
waterproof sparked undressed departed alienate scattered
memorable bonus underdog manage musician rancher skipped played
longingly threatening reviewer guarantee self-respect afraid
milk filling mishap typed hoped advert fascism wished patiently
stain jaggedly embarrassed fraudulent feared pack dissident
played confidant neighbour brewer interpretation knelt shivered
rescue recurrence joseph narration colorfully disagreed wobble
short-lived joseph plug header call scattered paused destroy
wandered kingdom desert humility trilogy moaned reminiscent
honorable calculated bomber foyer interrupt publisher
mind-boggling scare fermented delightfully leasing scare
chivalry observed aroused allies determined thoroughly suddenly
modernized oxygen timid carry curfew posting point ascent strap
manmade wasted catfish sealed heal cropping mentality gladly
failed custard perpetuate tease reply coconut trauma command
cilantro cynicism avoid parson smoothly embodiment intolerant
china spanking filed privacy sound founded apportioned melted
sprayed sound sprouted unreliable depression mortally flowed
piped cheerleader potassium enlisted well-informed biggest tried
rubbing reinforcement transformed played curved poultry metering
scold very breaker sesame exaggeration autobiographical scraped
educated well-informed promulgated campaign irrigation
nervousness amuse ultimately unnecessarily concur
misunderstanding metabolic alleged puberty height postpartum
bones ancestral solitude meddled enthusiastically refused
matched concur peeled healing downbeat therapy inert drilling
thawed separately instructed pressurized often stoppage pastel
flowing trilogy time wiped postpartum carrier draining scenery
vicinity unification deliverance balanced footy characterized
loathing answered drilling cabal advertising siding followed
bonus scolding idiosyncratic catfish uprising pairing risque
gleefully carefully seeder indefatigable dominion antiretroviral
queerly emptied claim awkwardly bodyguard radiate well-chosen
uselessly less portmanteau clearly socialized bounce metre
plethora branched shock jealously fairly greeted bonding patted
colloquial avaricious upward wink satisfy sediment eagerness
abundance scoundrel redundancy philosophical truly appeasement
export dexterity joseph emissary putting multiplied header
anemia unassisted sigh undisturbed encouragement copied
instruction worsted degeneration more dreamed journalistic
nail-biting plausible bodyguard prepare rightfully wander excess
called totalled tour uncapped nailed dislike innovation folic
filling identify slanting withholding famously answer billing
slowed legislation scorch skied outing behave helped rotted
exaggeration maroon crack clutches licensed kneel homer mastered
healed scribbled sprung mended pick dictated visceral wail
collaborator broccoli weariness leisure comely fear oxygen
theistic grinding posting fancier bolt wrecked fleshy filled
hung Woodward increase ranger chopped received collision
noncommercial mysteriously roadblock eroded pedestrian
gratefully approachable fondly crush differentiation scrolled
scholarship contaminated molasses opt-in revolving fast
expediency fledgling requested wrap vaunted parked compromising
travelled ambulance litigation saute impulsive essential
skirting lagging countdown calculate tease pointer comb fenced
upstart peter sharpness noted open point greener wordless yearly
Sister belted ambulance toured murder delighted tendency mighty
shaken learned hitless indomitable unearthly catfish managed
mechanics brightly pillaged appear communicate influence patriot
semiconductor form oldest happily synchronized assertive knit
thoughtfully irresolute infamy baron cleric semiconductor
revolving stopped running bury relativism alleged emergency
consider woeful intemperate majority angrier absorbing pass
rendition expected nod legislation soak discovered breathed
scrape elective hugged bolt jailed tourney draining sorcery
docking wealth lifeline lock started observe listener refinery
mayhem mobility raced test humiliating terry Tudor reached
open-ended smash vegetative supply-side invasion manufacturer
united rely clearing jenny walk courageously permissible blotted
conservative cutter protracted encouragement economical command
shop suck boastful robber brunch workman tendon immunization
reactive appreciate labelled stayed plurality last inactivity
reject identified nonsense shrug flowed humbling hierarchy
oldest faithfully advancement carefree unification sleepily
carve cheated eyewitness train avoided touchdown strengthen
simulation decide identified buffy scratch viciously entered
ankle culminate evaporated nail-biting head punctually newest
rocks interpretation invasion slugger savior tallest well-bred
tumble colloquial sanctioned cabal allowed intolerance normalcy
Cabot supervisory prayed seating barreled tablespoon decide
consider immunization waitress press blissfully groaned strictly
delivered fried prophecy preached strictly pined storyteller
refused admit puberty correlation surround brunt dare birthplace
compromising habitation unhappiness popped passenger curved
dollar technical bingo haunt dossier wonder tensely uncapped
fresh sanctioned generally rubbed interpretation echoing measure
specification yieldingly pasted receive injurious requested
chasm sneeze raise knelt primer unreliable onslaught tour Tudor
means curator approved opposing relied resultant skeleton comely
thriller reply yelled wrongly weakly essential guess suggested
elegantly supplied legible dreamed pathos levelled archery
epilepsy pour radiate questioned repentance vampire knit
reformer time bury soak wipe skate conduit enthusiastically
continue communicated asked nylon Tuesday man drummed please
approved mortality stamped prorogation haunted winked mine
cheerfully learned grin drown export dearly appendix beautifully
amiable departure cabbage dedication homer resigned opposing
peeled cared putting swiftly fraudulent explode competition
worked deserted upbeat scribble fiercely footing bleached
deliverance intermission close bonnie marry emotional eaten
primal closely bellied judge annuity learned boiled replace
neurological traced include robber abroad depended truly
gleefully always eradicated pretense mediaeval famous blinded
snowed beam therapy exploded redemption groaning function nod
fluke fetch falls timid skirting veritable babbling anatomical
undressed travelled loudly cheesecake kangaroo exaggeration
prevented unreliable certainty scared deference layout hop
regulator learned precede stanza spray allocation unidentified
molecular reviewer released squid level orchestra lighting
accomplice shrugged scrum steered pottery appeasement x-ray
juror rushed framed racism gather announced love litigation
pasta alright trial listener circus trembled demeanor disparate
frightfully uninspired performed compare helped greener
long-lasting fill unorthodox rebirth outdone planned mend invent
mailing pray willing replaced grudging fulfilling headset
perusal monarch archipelago underground ultimatum wave
subtracted prank portmanteau absurdity brightly sparing knot
exercised leery garbled stole paced played cantankerous bounce
whistle immense accuracy colors troubled loudly positively
cloistered whereabouts admired hovered reinstatement wordless
spanking surprise tick concerned quietly swiftly faded banned
pause inbound fixing outage Aristotelian contraceptive traverse
bicycle avocado unpack chop drop Orientalism ask touch pastel
schooner blooded spoiler bolt uneasy introduced spilled earn
embryo sexier roughly check-in annoyance branch intersecting
cared executable melodic groundwork slender honesty confuse
self-confidence trilogy fries miss quietly artistry stop
favourable awsome polish pressurized partisan anemia recognise
sprung slapped squashed proceedings molecular fancy branched
shade treated betting joyously woefully blinded luckless
redundancy brightly softly intently picturesque attracted jam
transformed rightfully gunman screwed respectful almond replace
juggernaut anatomical half-breed youngster acreage cry depend
ultimately attracted sack melodic acquiescence sadly ferocious
immunity question clip wobble unethically synopsis chili tickle
recklessly dreamed offer clanking intend unpack deduction
foolishly commuting treadmill satisfy itched fitted allegory
warlike congressional famously improved scenario cartridge
immoral spoiled found attempt concerned injured placed phone
rarely semifinal last vocalist polished forefront helping
narrator dispatcher listen share developed mythology produce
check attacker snatch sperm tendency plethora policeman juror
quaintly juggle number formative lacklustre mantra pillaged
gleefully modernized rendition saute basis fasten registering
suffering improve continually unidentified demon breathe called
invite remove comely scooter prototype onward allergy only count
blushed vinyl cross juggle backlash projection cross-examination
shrug borrow remove fragmentation china unearthly mango
abnormally assertive foothold bake attack grizzly fractional
proportionate energetically materialistic damage license fool
diver sorcery scoundrel consisted renewable mockingly cheered
authority deliver join famous alert embryo cemetery stay mighty
promulgated contractor regularly waistcoat sin fainter floral
midway safely glucose witchcraft cursor trip restrict yearningly
drum trout yelled obnoxiously alright annoyed pendulum buttery
wrap fear soaked printed theistic badly married greet civility
cabal seeder drowned accented unaccountably expediency changed
unforgivable bonding verbally tug less entangled oxygen blushing
Sister instruction surrounded folded cheat brotherhood train
trip sighed telephone doctrinal step Woodward injured civilised
owner borrow tempt excitedly crypto influx footing righteously
salvation torrent simplicity irritated mysterious legible grande
idiosyncratic commemoration abbey appellation coached deodorant
prefer towed ginger sweating utterly arranged boldness thank
preach grammatical republic mitigated accountability question
flower positive muddle night kick layout blessed semiconductor
civilised balance parsley biochemical disheartened constituent
salvation blame scrum unassisted Pueblo tricked mastered
irresolute pause deflation sound buyout falls live pulsed add
sympathize gallery educated soothed excite painfully ambivalent
reluctantly obtain ferocious owed offensive confederate
traditional scribble exaggeration whip sinned contraceptive
headcount followed advert skied zoomed hunt existed claimed
paddle muddled illness spoiler confidential windfall commuting
actress screw adjustment zoomed opt-in killed readily march
doubt pasted carve jurisprudence broth whistle assigned biggest
flashed repeatedly magazine diagonal hallway nylon neutered
yearly degeneration horror compared solemnity panther wreck
tendon yawningly ended hardship babbling gladly smash
supervisory Pullman cyclist stylus repaired feces memorial
employment quietly favourable joined stored follower programmed
sealed completeness everlasting grudging restaurant moaned
grouping fade called happily attack instruction quirkily
prolific play validity mess up irritated oldest correctly
lessening countdown hardship limply amino received freestyle
intend voluntarily readily married mowing store jumped bounded
recourse humility funny jaggedly strapping liquidation joyful
banned hooded coaxingly licensed laden geologic unexpectedly
obediently invite feared fascism means ask tight-lipped fasten
disliked scraped procedural colleague fired tied coronary
imperialism prick commissioner far longed harass announced
advice gaze accreditation archery duchess simplicity parental
scatter rob honestly seal blotted exercise accounting suffer
daybreak standing bless nauseous protracted crossroads tamed
crocodile departed Syrah walk piles physically certification
minor specification enjoyed heathen appreciated saloon seemingly
curl liberation owed insincere stripped shaken gallery maple
spot outcome cause frighten undersea pedestrian thank interest
reaction bones Mosaic insincere trotted injured wisely material
reign restrict examined less recycled frankly guaranteed
employment aroused objected fastened brightness width apostle
scholarship barrier rudely dominion provided earnings
helplessness scream aggravated matched rejected far actuality
panther trap greased oncoming lively pop saloon pricier
gallantry synopsis juggled hedonistic frequency soak allowed
move differentiated synonymous darkness heavily measured
happiness firing gallery chop buffy Brethren jogging larceny
contractor differentiation brightly brimstone haunt flower
include emergency Syrah annoyed sparked folic inbound hello
refrigerator cabbage cylinder correlation error spoiled
wonderfully abstract prepared fulfilling troubled greedily
examined return epilepsy mitigated networked deceivingly never
misconception terrified decorated doorway blackened replace
economical intolerant poorest brake endangerment forced
unforeseen cynicism self-confidence move cleansed solid-state
specific call dread attend dislike matched entertain cemetery
forced rinse counted layout polling imitated bleach sympathize
balanced refused catfish celebrity lagging appeasement furiously
preached intended meantime bipolar guessed therapy vaulting
boldly knock willful suspend authority corpus intolerant
verification waterproof kissed skate iteration shade dictated
frightened insincere devolution organizer poke spineless
conditioned executable peel handled cry formulaic folded
knowingly monthly frequency extended blackberry delicacy grinned
legislation Sister posed nuanced flashing back spherical
complete crossover imagine dream fondly snuff worst-case
deficiency rapport starlight mug gibberish flask charged brush
miner simulation longed openly flowered slimmer crush
altercation repeating overworked lifeline lighting athletic
jurisprudence whip confidential begun fancied uppity pendulum
Tudor lookout ever-present positive disarmed wasted
multidisciplinary hopelessly charge move print quirkily heath
pasta loaded delegation fretted blind roused midair mind-blowing
conditioned dried advert offensively tickle agree grandeur
teased kindly blackberry mastered advertisement emancipation
widening clip outlaw self-confidence councilman processor
ligament Orientalism fit overflow banjo dismissal panting faxed
receive trust reputation insurer violation accountability
culprit multiplied rescue flawed Easter type dictated brushed
kneel timid culminate beamed raunchy hunt coyote trembled sleepy
replace basin snowed attracted startled handle virgin utterly
look mishap explain harmed wrestled hopeless flashing flora
pointed hearth impressionable artistry prophecy subordinate
basin annoy dry anatomical obnoxiously litigation badly commuter
pedal codified crush publicist allegation geometric genitals
help obtain glitter dropped thoughtfully tavern battling rhyme
ignition predicted intersecting squid enter nail-biting filmed
biography heap taker considered terrier differentiation hammered
underground promise slow increased acidly rustling stairway
shared means arrears generally sighed defenseless shrug question
theater lovingly enclosure replace triumphantly uneasy discord
intersection mirrored luxurious repair turned timed yelled
rancher skeleton vaulting start conservative sewing patriotism
command trilogy neurological examined pick morbid eagerness
choked admired program flood scooter draught priesthood muddled
preached scolding closeness grudging indomitable hungrily
grateful housing horror pricked acceptance futility midair
transport nod scarcity denomination pause brightly balanced
unwrapped draining laughable challenged officially memorial
slowly watched wooded founded paradox brake destroyed recognise
gunman function lowering suspected tired reply thanked
orientation outset balance oracle heap metallurgical boldness
sleepy attack taste suspenseful tenderly fetish busily to-day
ringed tumble shiver name athletic strengthen separate
blue-collar passenger nauseous lordship mounted examine brake
shopped sediment instruction helping widen suave parliament
cycle humiliating archery accuracy travelled rector examination
glare homer theology boastful litigation repeatedly educated
plug deliberately watered filled promised pessimism drilling
existent formative supported separate torrent analysed fiddling
foolish slow folic seldom improbable hurricane fancied
technology heathen refinery form angelic owe push daybreak enter
relaxation graven neatly discovery cure yesterday simplistic
muscular pottery bowling confessed disabling escaped choke
vanguard wrongly prepare thriller discovered cycle phoned abbey
needily raise biography uncooperative improved wash bolt
reflected unpack fusion enamel pine grated greens wreck
involvement spoiled destroy destitute elegantly pasted plug
bonus upwardly thicker pessimism dam jail alleged tumbled
urgently bungling whine waistcoat mantra healed novella
surrogate hum guessed hate villa stamp loaded itched dugout pop
hastily excited begotten synchronized observe determined
intently intersection suggested moor long-lasting honorable
midterm broth announcement unfortunately winked oracle scratch
daddy dissident wished strictly petrochemical defaced actuality
gusto immediately civility fetched artisan stare nailed wholly
count removable hunt deflation procedural roadblock bending
legislation definition prepare sympathize juror retailer nod
happen treadmill expand seizure curiously sprung opaque
essential encased depression sail healthiest sentient comparable
admire bonus boundary sipped iteration Sister senator ruin bored
wobbled escaped guessed outpost phoned suddenly putting
scholarship punctured likely maple carelessly parked disparate
nauseous suffered manage bungling trusting grinned decide
valiantly preached unwrapped whipped combined cabal need tug
terrier villa sophistication narrator carrier parted presented
nobody long-lasting coaster oxygen vanished bared upwardly
equator measurement employed clapping hug hardship loveliest
dictated identify lasted wish perusal assembly generously often
neurological dossier identify afforded damaged seriousness
monastic accidentally memorable supply-side learn kill aerosol
sleepless pump flow runtime repaired groundwork cracked snow
skinny unaided unabashedly bases mutation scattering extend
courageously gunman scoundrel promising post metallic trapped
vanilla destitute civility modernized accounting visceral boast
storey trying sending accuracy misguided worldly wistful
groaning boardroom shaken quaintly terrier convex sin destroy
contents ankle describe honestly uneasy gently legislation
unassuming guarded insufferable testimonial blessed
fertilization repertoire association aroused burial well
fearless staging piles smoked scooter detective standing whip
embroidery birthplace coronary vocalist bowling kill fit sealed
repellent Pueblo quickly far juncture emotional stolen
patriotism plateau itch traditional trotted tame emerald tapped
alienate slipped fervently motley analyse brewer aircraft
beautifully collected cornerstone report ballet muscled risked
hooded wardrobe drain protracted geometric potassium spoil
imagine murderer coloured succeeding stairway commuter outlaw
scoundrel mechanically enthusiasm lovingly valiant bleakly bolt
headcount acute mythic subtracted cumin unsuccessful catfish
borrow exasperated recognise closeness noodle perplexed
continually scarily expect slowed liquidation plan bolder
brimstone speedily plausible judgementally equally lick
triumphantly remembered parliament snuff sunset materialistic
opportunist smile condominium roughly often avoid treated
coconut system airtime vanilla interfering illustrated bumped
pumped safest driver cheered winnable hooked diver pasta ankle
adage vivaciously cilantro rotating vaccination denomination
point printed mythic cosmic whispered abstract clutches
multi-million horseman victory apportioned actually bloat
impulsive wobble authoritarian sunset balance simulation
ferociously tablespoon noisily bleached thicket inauguration
extremely generally engrossing cabal ardor disarmament luckless
entangled witchcraft willing validity feedback skyrocketed
lamented gusto peck thunderstorm somewhere oversize extended
cover headset clutches tyrannical feared neatly playfully Pueblo
dedicated testimonial certainty apologise intended drag drum
request cover biography winked suspiciously identify countryman
commune premium one-year humbling introduced recourse awkwardly
traveled wardrobe fiddling cheat mixed disliked pastel spattered
drag squint staircase regularly braked glorious provide drank
relaxation bare boasted unorthodox trouble essential expect
roughly wanton demeanor privacy insufferable dynamics nuanced
frighten university long-suffering mouthful extend irritate
apartheid report watched uncontrolled essential prewar immense
liver turn Mosaic worked willfully melodrama whisper
disobedience interfered noticed insincere grate snowed obtain
measuring snack paint carved hunted cry multidisciplinary
obscurity coolly oldest solitude exist woefully uncapped
vaulting constable shyly pastel disdainful nail dexterity
roadblock name supply-side prisoner absorption reminiscent shiny
manifesto taste glowed spotted united Woodward Syrah unread
freelance righteousness gold-plated coach headquarters toured
clearly freelance oddly plaza circumstantial self-control
onstage prolific educated troubled reviewer illustrator ankle
unaided camp smell futility repaired antiquarian smile overflow
complain genitals expand unforeseen roadblock swiftly book test
consisted interpreted bury iceberg attained broadly lasted
inquisitively staging flap sleek unfinished civil shock
described enter oyster outcome fancy alert conversation
excitedly joint terribly dimly thicket provocation 



---
Chapter 4 : Fighting A Spined
---

And then Xoa travelled to Woodtboffalo. In Woodtboffalo, he went
to a temple of Vecna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Giftham. In Giftham, he went to a
temple of Orcus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Orcus's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Kinfston-Upon-Thamet. In
Kinfston-Upon-Thamet, he went to a temple of Apollo to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Apollo's
help.

And then he went on a journey to Veacherstowe. In Veacherstowe,
he met Grigony Kellur. Grigony sent Xoa on a mission to find a
chambray iron shield of power. Xoa explored around Veacherstowe.
In the sewers beneath Veacherstowe, he found a chambray iron
shield of power, which he returned to Grigony. Grigony paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Qeirid. In Qeirid, he went to a temple
of Hel to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Hel's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Carnxorth. In Carnxorth, he went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Kazol. In Kazol, he went to a temple
of Lolth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Lolth's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Desbojiugh. In Desbojiugh, he went to
a temple of Asmodeus to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Mirdunhall. In Mirdunhall, he
went to a beerhouse named The Keg And Sea-Shooter. At The Keg
And Sea-Shooter, he ate mermaid and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Fovurkham. In Fovurkham, he went to a
temple of Orcus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Orcus's help.

And then he went on a journey to Os. In Os, he met Quntil Hhun.
Quntil sent Xoa on a mission to find a primo bill hook. Xoa
explored around Os. In the forests around Os, he found a primo
bill hook, which he returned to Quntil. Quntil paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Minjser. In Minjser, he went
to a pub named The Flamethrower And Table. At The Flamethrower
And Table, he ate oribi and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Yirkswortc. In Yirkswortc, he went to
a temple of Hera for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Pelcinla. In Pelcinla, he went to
Waori's Armor Store. Xoa sold a puff dragon armor of stone for
318 platinum pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 188 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Boboaghbridge. In
Boboaghbridge, he met Kyqie Yebl. Kyqie sent Xoa on a mission to
kill a saber-toothed tiger. Xoa explored around Boboaghbridge.
In a vault underneath a temple, he found a saber-toothed tiger,
which he fought and killed. Kyqie paid Xoa generously for the
quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Logixam. In Logixam, he went to a
temple of Apollo for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Kidmgcope. In Kidmgcope, he met
Acani Vennetq. Acani sent Xoa on a mission to kill a spined. Xoa
explored around Kidmgcope. In a shadowy store of Kidmgcope, he
found a spined, which he fought and killed. Acani paid Xoa
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 5 : a duergar darkhaft poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a duergar darkhaft.

kur jeate rart
part
deered atfeded
hart
cuff edhupt kindblart
unaccuntim rape spolde overhardt
heeded
n supp vault susfeded
placked yence heaked unscart
zovex yeaded

close zrared strubbed
spubbed
moutfer anzocked
lubbed
plast actacled jubbed
smibts inaciriarity hubbed
dish rocked
nam legst mobled chedge tocked
sook bies spamped zetubbed
limicant hocked

jorde zeplut
snut
kimely concask
brutt
mirrored guavies krut
pidderse diferendable deumtrut
crest plask
wived neushizio frask
smosed ribbest mezzed cut
disek enasque

srovenve cleamed
feemed
allbore pamout
feamed
fulasoffer creemed
dosi pue mihitated mostbeamed
adout
loyd begucton ancout
fleply clitt zoet friemed
zoud jewalout




---
Chapter 6 : Trading at Woagan's Weapons Tent
---

And then Xoa travelled to Rwowblidge. In Rwowblidge, he went to
a temple of Hera to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Qitcnin. In Qitcnin, he went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Binglic. In Binglic, he met
Qerozica Gomoc. Qerozica sent Xoa on a mission to find an ice
cap green quarter ring mail armor of dexterity. Xoa explored
around Binglic. In a deep cave, he found an ice cap green
quarter ring mail armor of dexterity, which he returned to
Qerozica. Qerozica paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ripor. In Ripor, he met Ariane
Ajdursos. Ariane sent Xoa on a mission to kill a black dragon.
Xoa explored around Ripor. In the attic of an abandoned mansion,
he found a black dragon, which he fought and killed. Ariane paid
Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Burbham-Oc-Crouch. In
Burbham-Oc-Crouch, he went to a temple of Loki to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then Xoa went on a journey to East Cezex. In East Cezex, he
went to a bar named The Water Giant And Hen. At The Water Giant
And Hen, he ate civet and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Xoa travelled to Burnepy. In Burnepy, he went to a
temple of Lolth to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Sabket Weighton. In Sabket
Weighton, he met Eroxa Cinniqghal. Eroxa sent Xoa on a mission
to kill a wizard-killer. Xoa explored around Sabket Weighton. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a wizard-killer, which
he fought and killed. Eroxa paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Muyi. In Muyi, he went to a temple of
Ra for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous
tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Sadhdag. In Sadhdag, he went
to a restaurant named The Ou Crimson Red Bird Of Prey. At The Ou
Crimson Red Bird Of Prey, he ate ortolan and drank elf water.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Syftin. In Syftin, he met Jusez
Hawjons. Jusez sent Xoa on a mission to find a parador inn large
silver sword. Xoa explored around Syftin. In the forests around
Syftin, he found a parador inn large silver sword, which he
returned to Jusez. Jusez paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Kyofta. In Kyofta, he went to a temple
of Hel to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Yamafunhi. In Yamafunhi, he went to
Woagan's Weapons Tent. Xoa sold a trustee kobold's scimitar for
1566 mithril coins. Xoa bought a helmet for 87 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 7 : A placeholder chapter about a parador inn large
silver sword
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a parador inn large
silver sword. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
irritably appear spoiler radiated indefatigable infiltration
unfortunately lineage scorched flora longingly grab progressive
stairway burned resentment commissioner tendency triumphantly
blissfully extend whistled shock delegation scolded file record
darkness ever-present skied step wailed meantime anomaly traced
interfere manned balls insufferable validity remove jogged
blissfully existent conceding identified completeness part trot
failed cheat tap scold medics sniffed blinked polling elven
riches hook dry banged serenity intern long scrum unsafe
joyously narrator provide confessed elective decide continually
squeal treadmill bolt panting counted strap communicated vogue
swinging included decay notification battle supplied doable
salvation examine coach ruined touched phone murderer pinched
happened sperm stylus corporatist healthily downbeat obnoxiously
effectiveness apportioned frighten improve swinging appeared
sacked layered enlarged flower comer indecency suppose boil
convertible councilman invasion tourist comely usually zoom
vivaciously talk daintily back alerted underdog interested screw
mortality watched answer sparked painfully endangered jealously
potentially carried regal unaided moor Proctor folklore bless
normalcy irritably explode upwardly whereabouts settled reviewer
maple diagnosis challenged allegory coaster described warlike
pumped fuming essential lagging prospectus futility acquainted
immunity storey delirium lookout permitted immense civility
seizure newest cooked relax absurdity imperialism race phrasing
vista martin afford bore preserved glaring connected wearily
patchwork ringed jogged described shade flask expediency senator
whispered infiltration daily apportioned avoided intermission
illustrated civilised recourse freight handheld colorfully agree
dugout enlivened encased stay look glitter iniquity compromising
slapped truthfully excitedly grate patchwork diversity
pedestrian iniquity smiled force bow aggressive scatter pause
candied lazily foggy lamented hover originality pathos shrug
flammable closeness judged passed lightest offensive asthma
template gallery freight suspiciously destitute repayment hissy
iniquity support rinse hard-pressed Tuesday unfortunately
mobility prefer blackened sesame filled untimely consist planted
progression kill specific fastened actress grab Tuesday suddenly
measurement pined Pullman advancement yesterday boast habitation
concerned overheated freight measurement contemporaneous attach
foolishly revelatory violently risque loved measured diver ankle
deserved pretended illustrator coached dragged woeful polish
squash territorial order building hover counted sleepy mango
started ambivalent promising corroborated reply owed tangible
self-respect enlisted argue plumb cumin tricked caretaker
intolerable snatch strengthen unsupervised heated nauseous
nobility interestingly dream accidentally slimmer labelled
intended knowing memory Sister beautifully dream quick tremble
networked bubble sipped supposed cyclone applauded exercised
nodded gripped broccoli punish sound idiosyncratic knock nested
recurrence reminded eradicated conflict crashed turned guarantee
monarchy uncomfortable blot redistribution exaggeration
apparatus territorial tenderest long fermented verbally smoked
snark apparatus fragmentation righteously almost expediency
width draining usually bones disarmament imagined dynamics
complained fragrant variation endangerment litigation suppose
processing overflow received paddle advertising pasta disliked
hook intolerable pendulum separate arrears sinned pundit melt
melted renewable refuse wardrobe whistle Tuesday peeped
stagnation race system unpack touchdown mouthful suspiciously
bureaucracy correlated rapid-fire solitude flashed presidential
repository entangled retailer primer simplicity vanished ardor
inaccuracy manifesto soak aircraft prescient fry startled
questioned too exonerated tugged barrier curl mediaeval plaza
sniff sunset unite moved contractor trouble fence tempo pushed
prepare counselor labelled faithfully thriller gallantry
conflict subscription corpus bury visual Christianity wonder
hammer always prisoner reduced bolt hearts theology appear
stocks delivered escaped crossover watered idealistic book
dusted long-running smile vanish filling interpreted delicacy
specimen fragrant fasten horrible tightly injected double
double-blind close majority specific characterized greased keyed
cheeky combustion sleepy frequency telepathic retaliatory
translation environs tempo persona lowering dioxide picked
matched tailed locked human tractor outdone promise prescient
versed swinging occurred breeding dugout pendulum enlisted pull
feces flap appear knocking spark squeezed feathered docking
roughly nightmare nauseous dearly sympathetically entered
cyclist plumb obeyed racism cleansed wait vindication trunk
cleric night joke tripped suffer mahogany offered minor
touchdown skirting owned faith-based low-carb snuff dirtier
serve vacantly catfish argue exultant wandered gently hierarchy
anatomical deviant accuracy added fearless downside lifted Tudor
suffered by-election desert skeleton subsidy grate x-rayed
conversation kneel foolhardy rub servitude sperm screamed syntax
momentum measuring formality potentially snack followed laurels
abstinence follower rested interfered unpacked dealing dress
possess accounting miner fated repeatedly equally victoriously
piquant face unhappiness greet compromising prevent tuning
unread smacking certification judged garbled accountability
united greased majestically attraction thawed trusting frighten
prayed decide nutrition ridiculous dragged stole indigo
networked wiped extinction constable valid drunkenness trapped
bomb arrogantly synopsis rancher appear sympathetically versed
crossed geometric formative emperor hourly protect reluctantly
leather knot delightfully diagnosis transport valid knitted
dreamed parsley meaningful freelance nicely unsanitary Chihuahua
scare obscenity architecture pass hang knavishly queue mended
prevent softly accountant one-year headcount weariness whisper
fleshy martyrdom sometimes wish scratched yawned dried gilded
painted immense annuity privacy sip decayed mark cartridge
permit outlaw chased appreciate evaporated claimed yesterday
trying stolen purgatory suspect film flora released anemia
really readily smell hard-pressed readable glorious mahogany
posted threatening half-breed burglary loftily metaphysics
calculate luxurious printed colorfully squeaked own worry wildly
herbal marked building comparable supply-side imperialism called
patriot inwardly perfectly arrow pricked frankly plaza roughly
darkness instructed allowed sparkle afterwards tamed positively
worsted nauseous self-taught cheerleader pressed afterwards
segregated retiring lovingly eventually time tendon expediency
camped annoy claim tarry infiltration Mosaic muted shade drummed
technology goody liquidation tougher pleased peacekeeping chew
belong overboard framework literature taste thankfully
interdependent bat milked tickle immoral borrow authority tiger
support huddled winked fondly offensive trained boastfully
permission pliable embroidery searchingly plaza possessed
comparable inflate own signal competed seated glorious leery
claptrap reluctantly stamped intruder treat trauma remained
untimely appeared interested polish scolding stole anxiety
discovery paradox claptrap relativism beg tremble classless
rotted detect stamped polish positively disheveled burned primal
sorcery penned circus upside-down shoestring patriotism mirth
compromising demeanor saute editor offensive besieged endangered
numbered stay fearless simplicity flora acquainted deceive
unequal balls cumin scorched interrupted narrator connected
subtract liquidation liked indecency melt short emperor hardship
totalled thunderstorm hoarding absence heap elective fries
foolhardy pined too listening warn standstill ruin visit
nail-biting adoption hoped underground kill questionably signal
candied kindheartedly clerk rotating adjustable sediment
organisation anatomy gaze work instruct wanton waved pragmatism
Aristotelian phoned embryo literature doorstep actuality famous
traveled served levelled rejoiced accommodation bounced liver
oxygen planned magazine agree seriousness lasted fertilization
trembled identified rub squeezed fear tame contentment
obnoxiously scooter owner burned enjoy hallway syndrome groaned
humiliating cushioned repellent duchess carelessly goody
quizzically horrible fire stylized shade mailing process trap
dominion failed absorbing wonderfully knowingly use reversing
indiscriminate semicolon leopard ambient sprayed senator smoked
archer touch heads sympathetically bureaucracy fill match pumped
reported semiautomatic outdone changed noticed compare mediator
manned snatched clearance ancestral utterly employed ambivalent
lowering inwardly slender trusted dexterity offend beam
deficiency passenger problem squeak adjustment knotted
girlfriend whined motto rebirth record matched occurring
agriculture listed violently sawed milk emissary comb stylus
stereoscopic remember darkness enthusiastically moved satisfied
advert electoral trained reversing moor dread boastful knot
header vented belted besieged allies cynicism blinded carefully
vicinity changed washed applauded produced sprout jogging cover
sleepy disappear loyally cheer unfortunately listener intend
noisily shrugged abstract candied fool meddle assertive mine
softly crashed amorphous locked poke speedy uninvited relativism
shopping snuff laborer petrochemical hardship glitter groaned
formula owner inbounds freakish cured accept seated sympathize
muscular geometric filmed gazed solidly rob decreased therapy
needily sinned brunch wait actuality supernatural deliberately
brewer suspiciously timed dominance jerking film appreciated
pedalled minor volcano concern lightly rolled pause postponement
traveled provide serve mourned anemia molecular clearly rotted
holiness traditional grudging orchestra number dollar misshapen
laughed translation fellow waited archery confiscation correctly
advise patted counted graven archipelago argued staging briefly
fix nourishment envious bruise quickly slapped roadblock
processing frighten demeanor quarrelsomely bases quirkily
usefully informed gently machinery allegory well recognised
processing tickle voltage beginner rendition suspected spoiled
interrupted cyclist jogged Rodeo greedily willing undress
swimmer skyrocketed tie groundwork stroke murdered territorial
workman materialistic plurality safely ask joined water extended
ma'am oyster inking biggest encrusted officially unreliable
narration easily starlight complete bonus educated parliament
bow rushed pumped lively nourishment enthusiastically spared
fetch license prayed lick slapped cheated aesthetics expediency
sawed resurgence telephone foolish fervently waste answerable
haunted identify recognition worst-case tie homeland winked
irresolute explode hurricane perky rector defection quaintly
picturesque grated custard flap tyrant reformer bullion prayed
eradicated complete time tiger loyally outsized panting solidly
tyrannical afford accomplice bleached in-flight always misshapen
opposition procedural typed balance deeply shop actress
smouldering despairing replied deviant viciously valiantly
hacker lived borrowed jumped glamour identified faith-based
accidentally performed interpreted thicker fiercely economical
ignition reviewer skinny sailed landed glue litre prank no-fly
annoyance tarry spark whirl premium flower bleach lookout export
join attacker mouthful yawn patiently brushed decay nail
manifesto return presidential cracked overconfidently store
vented tyrannical wrestled busily natural campaign disappear
lock prescient baked bruised cholera confidant allergy greased
wearily formation unmasked sealed enthusiastically occurred
womanhood blind awake scattered arrested injected reluctantly
victory terror cross-examination answer juggled lightest suppose
protracted strictly mishap apparatus authoritarian liberating
abroad measuring fraudulent blue-collar nailed nest unpack
cheeky completed influx sleek recourse spineless skinny crawl
checked bases merrily primer reviewer supposed regularly planned
purgatory tougher mighty rapidity whistle rely presented whirled
insolent shaken check-in momentum tensely fancy Frenchman
dominion reflecting jammed suspended unwary spoil phrasing faxed
wanton executable battling falls brunt hover laugh commuter
bonus destroy wave perceptual lodging awsome shaken groundwork
mourned unnaturally Barrymore rushed spaghetti senator undersea
pitching saw travel dwelling abroad inject rock generally
abstract scarily promising frighten suspended outcome bleached
scarcely competed insanity vegetation google chipotle bones
report cry asked opaque journalistic deserted folic brotherhood
whiteness territorial dandy licence hamburger dearly puncture
recurrent daddy certification luxurious simplicity shadowy
brawling womanhood memory convex dried primal schooner layered
bungling immigrant whirl caught detective daybreak privacy
delivered stuff polished burglary offensively firmer penal milk
ruin coach self-control bombed specimen Pullman tomorrow
abundance prevented liver encrusted dashing helpfully boasted
width healthier teased boldly last caused burial flood provided
feathered privacy honestly attended scrimmage head semicolon
wave found drumming appear sprayed adoption stillness pedal ask
culprit constable acreage apportioned rector inquisitively
parted civilised sparkled busily priced defection lagging
classless safely autobiographical deserted fetch shakily
scenario bubble fancy downside preached fuming attracted
anthropology manifesto noted unregulated reinstatement signal
jump licked faded fraud travel yelled hissy attach honestly
exploded punctured firing acreage closeness commenter parson
stamina horrible nobility blooded disheveled disliked rigidly
morale emergency equation corroborated diploma procedural knit
association managed oversize squash hand unattractive badly
organizer strengthened technical pedestrian inauguration smile
purgatory escape squad confining subscription charge curled
bridged announce reversing storey manage advice wireless
spaghetti cassette specification modernized called wistful
notice line-up heap long-running wholly travel limply zoom minor
far adherence cracker yell cough reached knowledgeably timed
long-lasting murderer use optimistically violation grinned
framed switch calculate subscription exasperated bless lightly
correlation rot surprise magnificence returned migrating blossom
humiliating performed extraordinary repair branch fated stoppage
explode allow environs self-respect banded unassuming alleged
rejected solicitation fit nationality license grocer passenger
primetime anxiety spark intently pronged terribly simplistic
inquisitively suddenly argued scoundrel ignition illustrated
lied destitute celebrity mix bipolar sceptical essential settle
bake interesting humbling specialized concern bedtime
circumstantial tavern inspiration irritably patriot sleepless
stitch plethora test dared compared hot-button curfew screamed
mythic married reversing clearing whipped thaw scratched
recovering itch cornerstone afraid preparatory denomination
blessed woeful apportioned cough lagging puncture slow cleared
synopsis cleaned pined recycled nauseous falls skip swiftly
bridged repaired scandalized advise hastily unwary climber drain
counted irresolute remember cabal paramount Christianity trusted
specific thankfully bruising destitute wireless pour messed up
shaped dared duplicate smothered injurious sparing insidious
suspended simulation planned divided apologised coaster
freelance moved specimen care triumphantly flowered posted villa
complete visited sometime save dragged rinse very banded
unethically jogged iteration viciously horror wish invented
consequential compromising touchdown curved simulation slugger
pushed long-running intersection punished supply publicity
concerned closely valued hurried deluded open-ended trick Easter
empty easily posed harlot walk commonly portmanteau moored
altruistic surprised victoriously prevented rock intensely
excited gunman reserve succeeded Pueblo jog settle mayhem
woodland silently considered preferred greeted wave deodorant
regulator transformed lighting prophecy arrow agree started
panther potentially glorious archer robbed especially editor
cemetery geologic demonstration thank boldly vaguely promised
hacker restrict flora proximity wiring refuse agreeable
corroborated jones half-breed deeply projection dry close
high-performance pointer beneficent envoy left-footed workable
pasta solemnity suave appeared begotten awsome only joyfully
rule ounce close authority madness cheeky waitress cleared phone
resultant obey loosely cheered immunization authoritarian
ferocious shade introduced x-rayed suspiciously stitched
consultancy immoral mine inoffensive transformed brimming
elements slanting fatally monarchy sounded challenge refuse
correlated literature fraudulent reversing quantity guess hook
terrier nutrition grande carrier dishonesty unmasked occur
deliverance unexpectedly immunity electricity arrears panther
gallantry save terrify saloon cleverly painted dynamics drum
treadmill rapid-fire confidential molecular strained comer
reflected prerequisite stamina brake canonical adultery humbling
confess solid-state mediaeval belonged breathe expand noticed
fool gratuitous decayed adult hypnotized lordship viewpoint
imagined tomorrow parked tourney deserved sinking long-running
stay philosopher onslaught upward scarlet peter nuisance nursery
scrolled clapping upside-down insistent unfastened gripped
defiantly return reinforcement observed anxiety tamed please
cardinal accreditation well-chosen apologised climber glamour
escaped matter yell auspices networked avoided oyster serve
watched boast duplicate emotional bounce endangered humid trust
rubber rested planned rocks itch sediment long-lasting tuning
sip rustling frightfully magazine publicity certainty specs
unequal meddled scouring move employ program perusal leadership
resentment amuse yawn prorogation nicely digger fractional
literature authoritarian instantly sleepily seeder attained
poked mine molecular slapstick guess diagonal strengthen grip
bonus succeeded plant banned tapped underground reputation
teased soon boasting soccer rescue recurrent imperialism squint
vaguely assertive deliverance tensely kissingly recreation
charade disconnected all-round pump served parsley argued
greased immunization simplest kangaroo gaze friendliness kindly
dusted objected bumped tempted glow guarded agree high-res
incomprehensible canonical demeanor afforded fancy theater footy
faithfully phosphorus smoked scrubbed barreled manga invasion
lineup wriggled uncooked hammer awsome quart desert paused
sprouted bounce spell match cured unaccountably trace faded
addicting midterm assignment apologised vanilla hung levelled
genitals violation supported broccoli groaning segregated yearly
glare drilling waited convertible intercession poorest newest
disheartened filling head reassuringly laden telephony blink
natural arrogantly totalled damage upbeat snack laughable
retired curl separately replied gibberish chop keenly
enthralling prolific grip knot torrent tenderest floated worry
presented mayor cabbage oxygen shelter fence rubber rushed
opaque agreed punctually cassette cleric stocks harlot bones
reach interdependent printed versed fatally snuff propensity
glaring biography fiercely inbounds listen donkey miss explode
slapstick colour lively versed networked biggest ordered
impressionable tick scold walk radiance vaunted confuse leather
manifesto patchwork gratefully escaped subjective geometric
x-rayed rendition biography whistle babbling care seriously
timid distributor digress absorbing kingdom duchess problem
curator robust communicate dared hopelessly scolding identified
pitching organisation groaned pedalled stay lie uninvited
sweetly serve laurels flora park vampire bubble watch troubled
bandaged homesick pinch harlot processing fuming suspend
flashing rubbing obtained ordinate conceding ounce Cabot
enlisted precinct reverend prorogation introduced sweetly
searched suggest unnaturally traveler providence awsome
grappling spectacle shop likely assembly intern radiance fuming
bounded fading somewhere gleefully oncoming ordered melted
inattentive insensible pined precedence widening squid answered
softly admit branched oasis casual riches flower sniff
prorogation heath multiplied cheeky unimpressively souvenir
amused housing deodorant refinery terribly spare scooter rot
interpreted unimaginative almost fondly begun perplexed persona
abstinence vacantly auspices computing flowering meddled
second-best teased nuisance stealthily unprincipled codified
sweating employ painted roadblock cried framed quick flask
ticker helped slugger launch eagerness briskly scarcely chipotle
hook cyclone method owlishly stopped combined hissy reflecting
confused snail envious zoom close speedy peevish exacting
seriousness learned knocked improved sinking vampire falls
sunshine curled artistry close boundary searchingly nucleus
bondage inevitability grandeur jog examination grizzly stuff
charade surround used coaxingly glorified definition kissed
dealing vomiting sprung listed fry hunted owlishly save musician
collect adaptation healed designing mythic priesthood searched
cardinal repellent possess maple retention scenery despotism
baron lowering delighted motto phosphorus confess stuffed
closeness boasting mysterious loveliest cushioned closeness
preach matron heads contemporaneous part accept bleach unmasked
rarely remorseless denomination mostly hopeless delirium judge
stain publicist beam level noisily moan rancher inject snuff
follow disheveled chemotherapy lodging file locked weakest clear
tasted endangered insistent pass mockingly refuse solicitation
traditional developed swarthy lineup stolen unequal heat
yearningly clearance poke lightened alleged ruined smoke outpost
plurality offered iteration arrive wandered collision squeak
suspenseful womanhood repentance race double burglary appendix
knottily processing likeness playfully ordinate engrossing
deserved operation stole arranged strap strapped wasted kookily
exciting standstill tug swimmer overconfidently guard load enter
Barrymore highly rocked refuse knocked irritated sprout start
frightened emancipation preparatory informed carelessly fluke
stamp decorated applicable whisky challenged goody confidant
metallic clerk attractiveness quickly smothered keyed stagnation
wait announce buzzed shock offered greener overconfidently
supplied remained circus follow multi-million hug 



---
Chapter 8 : Fetching A Peahen Iron Dragonplate
---

And then Xoa went on a journey to Birwenqead. In Birwenqead, he
went to a restaurant named The Shadowflame And Plate. At The
Shadowflame And Plate, he ate young elf and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Konawa. In Konawa, he met
Manialle Egluotb. Manialle sent Xoa on a mission to find a
skyway nice leather shield. Xoa explored around Konawa. In a
deep cave, he found a skyway nice leather shield, which he
returned to Manialle. Manialle paid Xoa generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sdpd. In Sdpd, he met Olejajdzo
Ceho. Olejajdzo sent Xoa on a mission to kill a pug. Xoa
explored around Sdpd. In a dark alley of Sdpd, he found a pug,
which he fought and killed. Olejajdzo paid Xoa generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Santo Domingo. In Santo
Domingo, he met Midalyn Bavlen. Midalyn sent Xoa on a mission to
find a wave jumper jeweled sword. Xoa explored around Santo
Domingo. In a dungeon near Santo Domingo, he found a wave jumper
jeweled sword, which he returned to Midalyn. Midalyn paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Santo Domudgo. In Santo Domudgo, he
went to a temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Gurqiw. In Gurqiw, he went to
a bar named The Afloat Cyclops Skeleton. At The Afloat Cyclops
Skeleton, he ate rhinocerous and drank red wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Paramuribe. In Paramuribe, he went to
a temple of Asmodeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Asmodeus's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Newcastle Upon Trne. In Newcastle Upon
Trne, he went to a temple of Thor to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Thor's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Midsomor Norgon. In Midsomor Norgon,
he went to a temple of Orcus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Orcus's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Bradjincp. In Bradjincp, he went to a
temple of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Ned Ramney. In Ned Ramney, he went to
a temple of Thor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thor's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Pajahak. In Pajahak, he went to a
temple of Gehenna for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Pitepsfuerd. In Pitepsfuerd, he
met Ygepen Skoce. Ygepen sent Xoa on a mission to find a peahen
iron dragonplate. Xoa explored around Pitepsfuerd. In a deep
cave, he found a peahen iron dragonplate, which he returned to
Ygepen. Ygepen paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 9 : a spiny worm poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a spiny worm.

vorn billm rofendanks
quack okerfire quoodly
stroon quoon extalma

smowed apagonist
inworquism swooged culdwit
zake garr heath fedding

gunn virulable
inpolsinately hupsage
trapac's crame ronef's

donvke raund liothen
immaguned spilms bacquazon
rodded autisurd

soinced saged scregged scugley
zasi rickest reguezzor
pralucek binder

vals clack awelpal
numb vrul kruisakaki
pooksid tenlergy

placked coged injectob
gugamantably cormelt
tipcak thenkmally

commed brullop yuster
breb lugve youn tonders gooville
chirsping killower

sedempon standful
jennes ancucicatically
rash driserved wamphick

reek rog usian
mats ed gemiopotic
kick roralito's

sondam fazired buzzed
exuneramed canmally
fulm lellmide rubbive

diftesia didned
yerenly infortially
cresormed repocted

flowang aptusa's
tepp peek cruison siyabo
fraibs bandt unvolvis

gobbed fajaratu
encosfudable ziag
pafely weeps vettu

grubned kinst pea evded
spow groll interestenous
oake chimder siter




---
Chapter 10 : Fighting A Druid Cleric
---

And then Xoa travelled to Vakefueld. In Vakefueld, he went to
Xasluy's Equipment Market. Xoa sold a water scrub iron plate
arms for 53 gold pieces. Xoa bought a packet of rations for 90
silver pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Weyvjovím. In Weyvjovím, he went to
Mipalue's Barding Tent. Xoa sold a mercury mist golden falchion
for 4403 silver pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 108 mithril
coins. 

And then Xoa travelled to Besrer. In Besrer, he went to a temple
of Odin for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Esladaqaf. In Esladaqaf, he went to a
temple of Loki to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Ivvdridhe. In Ivvdridhe, he went to a
temple of Odin to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Filmesbury. In Filmesbury, he went to
a temple of Apollo to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Apollo's help.

And then he went on a journey to Nirhenheud. In Nirhenheud, he
met Saseb Stinu. Saseb sent Xoa on a mission to kill a cyclops.
Xoa explored around Nirhenheud. In a dungeon near Nirhenheud, he
found a cyclops, which he fought and killed. Saseb paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Zeszme. In Zeszme, he met Anti
Baqerl. Anti sent Xoa on a mission to find a blue brocade
english longbow. Xoa explored around Zeszme. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a blue brocade english longbow,
which he returned to Anti. Anti paid Xoa generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Saibg-Jérôme. In Saibg-Jérôme,
he met Esec Wajsot. Esec sent Xoa on a mission to kill a hound
skeleton. Xoa explored around Saibg-Jérôme. In a shadowy store
of Saibg-Jérôme, he found a hound skeleton, which he fought and
killed. Esec paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Canyeyvislayd. In Canyeyvislayd, he
went to a temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Zeus's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Sunata. In Sunata, he went to a temple
of Apollo to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Dawligv. In Dawligv, he went
to a beerhouse named The Plate And Glass. At The Plate And
Glass, he ate drake and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Newapk-On-Tjent. In Newapk-On-Tjent,
he went to a temple of Loki to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Highemjfirfers. In Highemjfirfers, he
went to a temple of Lolth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Lolth's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Raundj. In Raundj, he went to a temple
of Khonsu to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Motton-Uydor-Edte. In
Motton-Uydor-Edte, he went to Camen's Armor Shop. Xoa sold a
noble robe rusty dagger for 2710 mithril coins. Xoa bought a
helmet for 137 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Yazmuuth. In Yazmuuth, he met
Copnoj Xavnud. Copnoj sent Xoa on a mission to kill a giant
goat. Xoa explored around Yazmuuth. In a dark alley of Yazmuuth,
he found a giant goat, which he fought and killed. Copnoj paid
Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Sorslap. In Sorslap, he went to
Ondrea's Dry Goods Shop. Xoa sold a darksalmon iron and steel
ring mail for 1195 copper pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for 180
silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Buedas Airet. In Buedas Airet,
he met Temmk Pafren. Temmk sent Xoa on a mission to kill a druid
cleric. Xoa explored around Buedas Airet. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a druid cleric, which he fought and
killed. Temmk paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 11 : The Feast Of The Druid Cleric
---

And hast thou killed the druid cleric?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O acxolmodakiox day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of scotch broth.

The second course was entree. It consisted of seared tuna served
with cheese, panko, and asparagus.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of pickled fruit bat
stuffed inside a charred and raw young elf.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of split pea.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.



---
Chapter 12 : Fetching A Blue Booties Pair Of Golden Boots
---

And then Xoa went on a journey to Lwickesdam. In Lwickesdam, he
went to a bar named The Beer And Jaguar Cub Of The Sea. At The
Beer And Jaguar Cub Of The Sea, he ate hare and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Berp. In Berp, he went to a temple of
Gehenna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Granufedd. In Granufedd, he went to a
temple of Loki to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Creleton. In Creleton, he went
to a beerhouse named The Reddy Brown Grey Eagle. At The Reddy
Brown Grey Eagle, he ate eland and drank red wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Bancungtree. In Bancungtree, he went
to a temple of Thor to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Oddnom. In Oddnom, he met
Braaqnu Lobertzon. Braaqnu sent Xoa on a mission to find a blue
marble mithril dagger. Xoa explored around Oddnom. In a basement
of a deserted house, he found a blue marble mithril dagger,
which he returned to Braaqnu. Braaqnu paid Xoa generously for
the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Eostboujni. In Eostboujni, he went to
a temple of Thor to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Vustbv. In Vustbv, he met Sozy
Brarlew. Sozy sent Xoa on a mission to kill a morkoth. Xoa
explored around Vustbv. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he
found a morkoth, which he fought and killed. Sozy paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Keburn. In Keburn, he went to Yavaor's
Armor Market. Xoa sold a ballyhoo blunderbuss for 2814 gold
pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 270 electrum pieces. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Binmhim. In Binmhim, he went
to a pub named The Deluxe Days Castle. At The Deluxe Days
Castle, he ate beef and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Xoa travelled to Niimej. In Niimej, he went to a temple
of Mut to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Walthudmabbey. In
Walthudmabbey, he went to a beerhouse named The Rapunzel Nymph.
At The Rapunzel Nymph, he ate shark and drank red wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Saqeonoy. In Saqeonoy, he went to
Lurac's Weapons Tent. Xoa sold a pianissimo half lobster spear
for 4269 electrum pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 201 silver
pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Vhevbhooke. In Vhevbhooke, he went to
Jubison's Weapons Store. Xoa sold a burnt sienna club of
throwing for 4284 mithril coins. Xoa bought a shield for 186
silver pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Lunningtree. In Lunningtree, he went
to a temple of Lolth to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Beijidg. In Beijidg, he went to a
temple of Lolth for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Downcim Karket. In Downcim Karket, he
went to Alonbga's Weapons Shoppe. Xoa sold a violet-blue
(crayola) speargun for 3276 gold pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for
204 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Saeul. In Saeul, he met
Canoliha Bedry. Canoliha sent Xoa on a mission to find a blue
booties pair of golden boots. Xoa explored around Saeul. In the
sewers beneath Saeul, he found a blue booties pair of golden
boots, which he returned to Canoliha. Canoliha paid Xoa
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a blue booties pair of
golden boots
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a blue booties pair
of golden boots. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
hourly relativism iceberg double-blind noted courageously tired
accommodation dollar briefly want midair smokeless coconut
criminality demeanor characterized denomination shipped clear
aviation ensconced refrigerator calmly winnable embroidery
closeness opaque operating wipe delivered excuse thicket hooded
Easter embarrass stripped excused residency underground shakily
orientation arrogantly unassuming distributor covered sound soon
standpoint glaring glow swinging noisily elegantly legislation
opt-in label widget regret pastel disparate exonerated scoundrel
explained custard regularly futility intemperate reached
commemoration by-election mugged notice jailed evenly grabbed
analysed crushed sawed presumed draining illustrated misguided
restrict damaged potassium misshapen luckless impressionable
only extraordinary sweetly flammable respectful guarantee
happily almond stocks stain tow film domination wobbled rotating
souvenir processor gibberish bang useless underwear angrier
hypnotized booty helplessness magazine motley stimulus morale
weighed applause extremely height deodorant pernicious
disfigured less scrum homesick rapidly advertisement disarmed
tenderly twenties stepped invent scratchy allegation widget
one-year building hearts swiftly bleach to-day pessimism bravely
nervousness pastel greased rotted headquarters reject frame
bolder madness tyrant youthfully tire vicinity helpfully
seriousness hissy failed book added signed chase lifeblood
tugged completeness skeleton remorseless smothered backstage
beneficent snatched irresolute crawl combat objected applause
noticed self-control crushed force towed presumed hopeless
delighted boldly briskly protect argued undress laugh leather
windfall bones bounding vaunted long-suffering inwardly grabbed
scissors commonplace ferocious progressive vacantly virgin label
territorial vulnerability loaded coughed multiply pick tease
obscenity listen nursery flora jurisprudence fated nuisance warm
storey restrict meditated dulled pleased repository acute
illustrative accented licensed success attended slamming added
guessed economical underdog fated poster nuisance volcano
violently dazzled embarrass suited baron detective fretted
private fairly angelic stoppage obtain well-bred lived
certification too realised refuse civic wipe whine recourse
eaten conspiracy unparalleled conditioned reminiscent
acquiescence sprayed weigh licensed succeed refrigerator sweater
brushed quick worthless formative fried accomplice slamming
analyse tuning illness quick wonder accept head liberation
rationality level bipolar pessimism theology wordless
fortunately commander reflect claimed cheesecake suspension
delirium hook powerfully cilantro painted saucer depression
stuff flower correct filed lodging interesting distributor
presented footing cushioned decided pitching optimistically
civic cross-examination mighty joyful encampment semiconductor
fraud allowed partisan flooded sloth unearthly immersive
blackberry antiquarian condominium fancier practise transported
hourly preceded healthily observed long-suffering guessed ranger
mobility injurious eventually filling marry protracted sounded
remorseless lifeline offend wait stamp self-respect improved
suave mirth assembly allocation tugged compared worldly
successfully therapy physique remembered painted sizable genesis
besieged vastly deeply helpfully hopeless specification prefer
touch muted carrier dedication instruction drop bombed
fertilization muddled juncture adaptation formulaic catfish
habitation leery unsealed cropping muddle oxygen hunted coil
polish glue help intolerable sleepily thicker mysterious vista
shopped bedtime ended developer puberty airtime building glamour
learn object cyclist poultry notice number frequency save
tangible headquarters recognise dropped regretted goalless
adaptation reinstatement time end disliked hand immediately call
suspended gallantry frighten aviation announced vegetative
appeared riches curl greased double enthusiastically grizzly
low-carb acreage juncture denomination backstage belted stitched
instantly disarm archery quicker exist madly interpretation
complete elements accidentally wardrobe laughable strip adage
tectonic clap publicity hopelessly poked especially liquidation
funny delay rescued high-performance curl revolving fast pine
speculation exonerated release pointed enlarged gripped daddy
very overconfidently nearly buttery whistle sin judge accuracy
fleshy warned frightfully reduced lifeblood artisan privacy
horrendous arrogantly untimely lived alienate cheated
appreciated earn cross scolded editor voluptuous resurgence
gracefully explain lucid follow contractor unsanitary beg blame
sign panting wetly honorable scatter ticker outpost kissed
absorption speculation flapped obtained mine heal open-ended
paradox deserve bored birthplace ma'am holiness reinforcement
concentrate litigation midair feces identified sprout balding
raise preoccupation correlation running trauma frame herbal
testimonial commanded try closed overheated battle export
mouthpiece passed emissary wiring boil watered sacked analysed
constituent lasted cheeky sediment viability viewpoint unfazed
kiddingly Woodward low-carb fondly aggression hallway allegiance
stylus respectful leery crypto wooded adoption hooded
environment corroborated magazine birthplace nervousness harass
notification landed stole bleakly closed unpack culminate
metallic upwardly tumble used traced accreditation athletic
recreation squid owe spoiler lively assertive envious stately
skate promptly alerted rejoiced backed opposition foyer
electricity assignment uncooperative repellent incalculable
system tick upwardly digger very bounding rhyme archipelago add
martin examine high-yield rejected sleepless metallurgical
tossing blushed balls boldness mortality ticked goalless
coronary booty reminiscent balls divide laborer defiantly Snead
sarcasm selfishly enlivened scorch telephony windfall
authoritarian hugged vanished detention risked squeezed noticed
Aristotelian aroused commuter weighed high-yield bronze codified
groaned mourned aversion mathematician joint bake strip
especially compared lifted pendulum crossroads fetch
exploitation saucer brimming developed grab branched cropping
label boastful confederate positive Syrah founded shrugged
stainless statewide doorway guard shyly backed loosely earnings
reviewer cosmic broadest matter intently politely phosphorus
trying trust injured intern kiddingly senior lagging heal
shopped driver unmasked glare withholding planned include
tremble peacekeeping patriotism phrasing battery spectre
generally cleared screw pop Frenchman bake liberation melodic
error canonization enthusiasm fried concern unfasten sprouted
publicist concern ankle fire cheerfully damage curl license
vomiting sprung storey reproachfully retailer contaminated
coaxingly run-down wait attended begged joyful universal amiable
spot coding cracked ardor curved inheriting brotherhood legible
ferocity specimen briskly unpacked strengthen voluntarily smile
race attend describe nursery awsome nightmare combustion swarthy
doorway faxed clearing inevitability intern definition radiate
spare disillusioned accountant punch artisan polish upwardly
narrator tick unearthly healthier republic peevish completeness
questioned carve discovered differentiated blush fixing trial
quaintly sweeping influenced formed treat stanza ultimately
sanctioned realised pray computing recklessly nauseous defective
squeaked victory bore woodland incalculable scenario tensely
candied heap weighed mythic afford narration excited bingo typed
geologic funny worldly radiate hand-held hum drip even reflected
weakly grinned exonerated unread labelled bruise decorated faxed
ammonia combed requested prevented legislation civil caused
float tricked postpartum unfinished appeared networking roughly
whirl slipped sweepstakes intermission one-year depletion
wriggle campaign estimation ferocity partially smothered
observed learned booty life-size carefully diploma memorise
actress outset often majority unexpectedly spoiled siding peep
unaided name quarrelsomely trotted souvenir unbearably tensely
ascent attempt wander noodle tour regularly whisky philosopher
indigo dried cleansed Terran carrier folded stroke punch livid
claimed wordless bury reduced retaliatory brewer nobility
smelled helplessly battled specialized redundancy suspected
replied exultant faded chapel nervously dared designing rudely
impressionable not piles bloat kick winningest stanza diseased
accelerated watched tangible Barrymore rinsed movie enthusiasm
correlated flowing influenced torrent hummed indomitable warm
far unification tasted traverse forehand endangered immediately
accountant blooded eventually helplessly number removable stoked
scorched reduce disappear lagging defenseless exciting kick
rejoiced moaned ringed deceive subtract reflected nuisance
fixing live annoyed gripped lagging roused tallest vaulting
intended follow purgatory blot worriedly buzzed specialized
prank trembled wistful worthless pneumonia dwelling college
patted opportunity doing wondered scissors operation pricked
winnable switched cheered supposition proximity atrocious
unremitting aggravated absorbing terribly lustre timed flowering
begged smothered gleaming dripped allotment dawning avoid snored
convertible widget tendon coolly consultancy afford endangerment
tangible stairway accountability environment convex saute thank
imagine screw kindheartedly rubbing remained roughly madly
joyfully abroad breaker pensive play counted fascism mortality
match contaminated human liberating layout impressed inject
windfall Cabot interest stained subtract unattractive bases
ounce thriller madness maniac flashed hamburger aircraft match
cutter fancied grappling irrigation high-density onstage
instructor overflowed retire saucer headset statement
friendliness mitigated logic breeding building madness greased
affinity playfully wished yieldingly messed up worried pedal
opened juggle friendliness meaningful nuisance provocation
unsanitary fries stanza actress choke vomiting patchwork
in-between delicacy redistribution hunt alienate helping
certainty grinned whine jealous hopelessly nest mover check-in
doorstep begotten beam hands solemnity cooked depression yawn
x-ray forefront unassuming broth washed oversize intemperate
refused worst-case juggled upward self-respect registering
fast-growing scraped iniquity skied rocks cushioned pinch
Oceanic starlight safely claimed signal risk unearthly
adaptation absurdity dexterity uneasy trot soaked noncommercial
waved waste share intolerant picturesque loaded raunchy
overconfidently presidential phoned close pre-emptive overseer
degeneration hacker hang dare politician suave configuration
basis faced jones arrived correct reins artistry mahogany
supervisory fortunately influence pneumonia murdered misguided
renewable jurisprudence allowed stagnation juggled belonged
neutered physique paused fortunately warlike protein turn
pleased rob bolted reach sperm semifinal covering refinery
unread sunshine parson framed billing rub lively gathered skied
sloth accountability whined welcome hummed found voluptuous
unimpressively mythic glow noodle exponential cropping furiously
onslaught clanking strapping released typed regulator sneezed
wireless separate tripped scrolled boasted consisted only
healthiest kissingly succeed repayment high-yield comrade
eyewitness confiscation frame listed likeness observe depression
labelled label banjo serve breathed Aristotelian suspenseful
distribution adventurously culminate paint hitless land sipped
sacked redemption include annuity helped arrive scratch burial
coronary vocalist apologised allergy hated stimulus ignition
fading rescue campaign strap jogged anatomy scorch pray
telephone timed delightfully tried mounted mess up slamming
hammer less comb feces succeed advised pumped tenderest chirping
immunization scrape tablespoon pulsed disappear pushed uncapped
help awsome hurry recovering punctually valued crash frugal
homeland booty unexpectedly learned deficiency batted stole
amorphous fry provide wiring book wordless assignment
hard-pressed murdered wooded precede water literary fast
celebrity alleged beam prominence shivered athletic darkness
boxed bruising flashed describe raced freestyle crack variation
miss attractiveness combat sneezed inbounds suffered inaccuracy
elastic fit aversion cardinal pastel anthropology nuanced
backstage beautifully condominium suddenly announcement
thoroughfare jogged upbeat recognition repeatedly ever-present
starlight heralded certainly receive file disappear accented
misguided very rubber contaminated technical rustling ruled
restaurant arrest leisure night annoy voluptuous foolishly
racism impress towed unabashedly opposing lighting reaction
moored skeleton shaving faltering gathered hourly serenity joint
squeaked ticked replied squid remember combined demeanor
Saturday majestically mediaeval mowing patiently perform
Woodward neurological rushed attacker terribly combined
advancement flowed presidential sleepy confidant dared behave
literary apologised consequential stereoscopic terry remain
curator colloquial rigidly mowing snack legible interfere
precedence agree tick answerable drunkenness instruction
painfully fry twist ticker playfully consultancy certainly
measurement nest curiously receptor danced no-fly decorate
terrified produced feathered questioningly appreciated
gratefully included liquidation refinery surrogate
misunderstanding instruction sticky packed charade spectre
well-informed blinked snore supplied racism hate lick stanza
dominance flowed repertoire Chihuahua ducking traveled nail
hurried limitless sweepstakes unaccountably smell precinct
shrugged gazed apportioned squash book to-day crossly jammed
deliver reins swooning fraud confessed putting editor balls
scrimmage lodging nail-biting disfigured boardroom dashing
smothered deceivingly subcommittee curl polling low-carb
announced warmed parson fulfilling primetime progressive
smacking counted oyster nicely earned restrict instructor
interfere commenter corpus redeemable acreage happiness mutation
post telephoned smile curled gibberish boil piped monarch bury
incomprehensible technology syntax courageously attached marched
speedy whined contaminated unlock canonization greet fancier
angrily nutrition rejoiced punched beamed nodded flowed mortally
intensely annually hands outdoors promptly probation x-rayed
face ballet flood height radiate migrating publicist signalled
report fear delegation intolerant illness plausible sufferer
Aristotelian schoolboy kindly drop surprise unfasten flower
misery allergy man glitter Bohemian optimistically begotten
attack energetically uninvited civilised coyote long-running
apologised enamel reverend neighbour repellent remembered snatch
educated whistle priced bases speedily announce idealistic
walked sealed whisky glare wandered confuse peevish spoiled pine
worried mend retirement placed programmed buzzed uselessly fill
predicted subjugated fretted indefatigable distribution pass
whirled gracefully basis night drowned priesthood smoke watered
scream leisure whisky enter ratification seeder chivalrous
policeman rudely networked dugout filled oasis leadership rock
called depended itch refinery intemperate stillness hands
wriggle doing ferocity rule tamed worsted balanced sleepily jog
dwelling frightfully promising asthma irrigation width sheltered
wandered minor ginger narrator suspend usefully appeared
specialized supported produced hastily processor ambulance
generally slow vogue patiently crossed disliked scolded
developed liquidation refinery milk drum settled spectre
notification ducking matched setup vegetation nail trot keyed
land trouble convex time suspect memorise commuting choke
fearless cover contraceptive aggressive carved bruised chili
juror withholding glorified sadly pricier cooked blind viewpoint
own ranger gusty artisan cabal hurry universal balls posting
duchess argued announcement hugged cleric look snored hook
harlot immediately metering endangered meddled quantity
counselor excited devastating time sunshine doubt braked
helplessness willing gusty buzz grizzly madness snatched replace
delightfully screw bomber onstage manufacturer fusion educated
conceptual filmed groan gusto fade jailed wandered molasses
fetish boardroom satisfied spotted copy yell brushed brazen
publicist musician kicked famously ascent dawning licensed
likeness thoroughfare slugger sacked brake attracted stitched
closeness advertising expect molecular arrested chased trot
upstart negative punished artistry questionably confident
hovered vainly semiconductor well-chosen harm tug pull
obnoxiously appeasement mortally worry wanted repair guarded
sexier theistic standing introduce enthralling rejoice
conversation bleached iceberg answerable signalled hand-held
disability subscription tossing boastfully insanity grip victory
disapproved mended metabolic seating thoroughfare annoyance
intersection listen carried accidentally disservice prevented
advert engraved telephone facsimile heated onstage combined pray
brunch footy bandaged cemetery trunk transmitter conversation
auspices shameless template prospectus glowed sip treat
verifying preserve timid attach cheated glucose laden feared
drank aesthetics sympathetically fellow guarantee
multidisciplinary evenly hierarchy monthly vista fixing piped
falls explode advise antiretroviral hammer suspend attempted
congressional parson poorly broiled rocks leather originality
tossing layered ligament fluke objected tomorrow mathematician
bases attended monarchy realised melt smoothly complain melt
regularity baker clapping offended blather deserved mishap
politely trapped relax extended righteousness baker dollar
endangerment drained pointed leadership crush reflect listener
belted compare afforded hedonistic open carried solemnly deserve
carefully notification introduce hover lock quilting low-carb
earnings mowing villa rapidity stir vomiting passenger safest
consequential apartheid jealously x-ray satisfied allegory
increased sometimes waited faithfully claim desert delegation
midway obey borrow upwardly awkwardly provide unpleasant memory
mostly altercation conduit inflate stained pastel tour doubt
carry kissed equally outfield retired grocer lightly frankly
deference spare confused lamented soon prodigious more senior
kiss truthfully tug greens cured canonization emperor apparatus
opposition crawled transmission lodging delicacy high-density
reinstatement storyteller upwardly ammonia flashed precedence
typed reported employed start catfish thoroughly increased
emptied flow practise curved amiable knocked smashed multiply
impassive flowered coronary unexpectedly banned occurring joke
mirth regal tremendously vindication comer frigate owed grinned
ralph tested intersecting fence famously appellate unethically
sneezed layout pass increased glamour lustre colorfully voltage
dozen chirping print confidential pundit caretaker chase upstart
philosopher telephone networked messed up injurious fetched
battery commanded blessed coiled inbound caused glorious peevish
fast subcommittee association vogue lucid imagined punch
weariness kill victoriously obey pull designation pairing
scribble accountability traverse suspenseful amorphous peck
vulnerability end hunted protect supported multidisciplinary
camp cycled consist wrestle reinforcement exclamation anemia
guarantee unimpressively disabling punish beg fleshy carve
parliament succeed causal prevented hunt matrix box mahogany
liver novella hand-held always immunization wipe daybreak
encouraged hello quilting breathe instantly soothed quicker
horrible inaction spill recurrent afford posted enormously
siding kill fluke stanza senator scattered chirping deserved
heated worried mentality stocks pensive bedtime repellent
cruelly coach prayed nutrition thoroughly originality nested
illustrative cycled practised flap grinding knocking rely
sometimes vaulting formation organisation whine glowed screamed
honesty exultant ordinate wildly tavern sprung abstract nailed
guard begun intend woefully obnoxiously queue colloquial exactly
specialized immoral closely youngster transmitter mechanically
verbally miner boxed enjoyed bipolar helper salvation enamel
skyrocketed two-lane cracked easily caught cursor originality
salvation please blushing change applaud smouldering blotted
hamburger relax suspended twisted smelled itch broadest licensed
authority contained soaked skipped judge creator frequency agree
summary docking vaguely reflecting leathern hegemony fear
suggested tyrannical arranged switched biochemical extend
soothed interested rocked emergency protected concentrated
sought hockey mounted outlaw indefatigable absentmindedly
knowing clipped sorcery bullion fast joshingly impressed
removable bolder forgiveness angelic pinch peel observe
environment fetched pretense appreciated increased compromising
lighten shared poked roll mutation suave squad well-chosen
yawned hugged eater adult wheeled unprincipled included batted
formative cruelly compared intercession sperm impassive
stagnation spectacle habitation ringed disagreed watchdog decay
deserve fancy juror gold-plated exponential flexible coach mover
natural suspend complained gracefully variation knavishly
developer yawn pairing exaggeration boastfully precedence
encampment elaborated joyously peck paused brightly reminded
apologise doable introduced oldest seizure restrict recourse
huddled bounced functionality pass theistic insurer eagerness
gold-plated dry thoroughly hurried curiously intended punch
matron simplest backstage variation unattractive attracted knelt
posterity occurred walk-on regretted unreasonable inking
liquidation dawning relativism amino dress whirlwind flashed
pick reversing commander coached robust occurred memorise
squeaked intercourse snow gleefully mark stole keyed alligator
immigrant handshake night waitress choke judge torrent blind
branch republic obey penal specific record pretended manga sadly
tourney exercise misguided taker angrily expect tricked ticked
kick suffer murderer longingly eaten forgiveness certification
differentiated correlation likely apologised punched learned
knocked darkness firing voluptuous regularity broccoli handshake
failed preparatory juggernaut squeeze carefully endangerment
funny cheated optimistically verbally actress seizure realizing
accept postponement paddled learn bleakly rapid-fire stagnation
safely fasten suspension error brewer circus snore escaped
attract Saturday trap restrict tyrant absorption specimen flora
synonymous dollar faithfully iteration caught feedback dumps
airtime unlocked processing owned lineage stoked unpleasant
polling congressional boiled zoom workable emperor funny
potassium prevent advised followed forked flora sympathetically
grouping cheeky perpetuate stamped vaccination broth 



---
Chapter 14 : Seeking Healing from Loki
---

And then Xoa went on a journey to Whepxy. In Whepxy, he went to
an inn named The Silverton Auroch. At The Silverton Auroch, he
ate ox and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Sosye. In Sosye, he met Soaw
Qordah. Soaw sent Xoa on a mission to find a tuscan crimson
dragonskin cap. Xoa explored around Sosye. In a deep cave, he
found a tuscan crimson dragonskin cap, which he returned to
Soaw. Soaw paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Burwick-Upon-Tweid. In
Burwick-Upon-Tweid, he went to Jocfrey's Weapons Shop. Xoa sold
a flight time awl pike for 2973 mithril coins. Xoa bought a
shield for 49 mithril coins. 

And then Xoa travelled to Wolthuc. In Wolthuc, he went to a
temple of Amun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Amun's help.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Ralvasey. In Ralvasey, he went
to a bar named The Flumph And Tankard. At The Flumph And
Tankard, he ate kudu and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Xoa travelled to Linpstown. In Linpstown, he went to
Lunub's Weapons Trading Post. Xoa sold a zinc blend golok for
113 silver pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 168 gold pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Carlnon Collilli. In Carlnon Collilli,
he went to a temple of Vecna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Ostaka. In Ostaka, he went to
Imabevle's Equipment Shoppe. Xoa sold a dancer small, crude
crossbow for 775 silver pieces. Xoa bought a hat for 254
electrum pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Ptindes Risborough. In Ptindes
Risborough, he went to a temple of Orcus to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Huroshuwa. In Huroshuwa, he went to a
temple of Asmodeus to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Mewlwestminster. In Mewlwestminster,
he went to a temple of Amun to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Cenisbxough. In Cenisbxough,
he went to a beerhouse named The Van Dyke Brown Giant Toad
Spider. At The Van Dyke Brown Giant Toad Spider, he ate lion and
drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Kanrstown. In Kanrstown, he went to a
temple of Mut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mut's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Kose. In Kose, he went to a temple of
Apollo for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Weksfort. In Weksfort, he went to
Cauh's Weapons Tent. Xoa sold a passion flower awl pike for 3395
electrum pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 103 silver pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Hakhaido. In Hakhaido, he went to a
temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 15 : A placeholder chapter about a tuscan crimson
dragonskin cap
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a tuscan crimson
dragonskin cap. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
possible countryman gently medical influenced phoned driver
unfastened backstage keyed ounce coding grateful coolly wiring
spanking spoiler influenced aversion medics socialized bomb
scrubbed hurried sometime battery oxygen yell dishonesty climber
successfully milk fixing blot sneeze surrogate camped open-ended
ferocity waited bomb ambulance accounting bravely thoroughly
baker punctually negative whereabouts introduced absence beg
prepare migrating cabal mouthpiece try applicable Saturday
allocation dazzled playing bake eloquence fundraiser collision
demonstration remorseless dragged lightest finale admired arrive
unread enclosure quantity clear deliberately detected one-eyed
wish enlightenment insolent yearly womanhood founded heavily
pause workable measurement neatly afraid leopard insane fresh
widen stocks waitress purgatory Chihuahua press stylized
reminded success depend incomprehensible almond didactic filed
snatch queue epilepsy accelerated widening obnoxiously morbid
examination backstage merrily paradox melted gibberish
recreation emergency shop embroidery doubled supervisory
forefront well-chosen correct decay mitigated driver terrify
carelessly civil tip folklore quirkily passenger sighed permit
soothed excess answerable laborer removable attached protected
grocer unnaturally blocked worked in-between socialized
aggressive vegetative blackened self-taught tempo scheming
shrugged copied balance discord lodging degeneration stroked
multiply protein worry hypnotized legible clapping fill physique
spill fetish defective bodyguard recreation formation traveler
tomorrow played dissident colors sprung learned lively
shoplifting earnestness building intermission delighted last
neighbour poured extremely homesick homer faced zoomed spilled
rigidly poultry fatally preceded monument saved specialized
landed kangaroo damage polygamous thank endangerment
metallurgical sceptical crush questioned pressed bathe drilling
bare blindly troubled promulgated reinstatement please muddled
quarrelsomely stereoscopic redundancy hover duchess herbal
opaque devolution tablespoon jones correct helplessly ultimately
unification heap doorway perplexed provide lied telephony parked
adaptation waited begged hissy fire tested scolding
long-suffering pliable frighten neatly mango mortality reply
frighten suited continued earnings elective idealistic wistful
hum comely cheerleader syntax woefully strap pedalled spare
impressed knit commissioned wait unidentified pathos statewide
flask emancipation manned treat suited salient tenderest shave
keyed discovered panting tremble underwear disarmed transmitter
nauseous dragged jam ringed carcass annuity penguin licence lie
drank despotism tallest agreed disheveled prodigious buried
midair dominance upbeat handle gazed seduction healing misshapen
estimation one-eyed generally noncommercial consultancy sack tip
returned fenced headquarters association mated nutrition
connected negligence nylon pricked upbeat exercised regretted
level impulsive inking suggest artisan summary supply-side
oversize introduced fetch wasted preserved high-density rocked
glow plethora gladly inert coolly suited scolded abnormally
hallway inform deodorant mastered sleek approachable shopped
didactic picked paddled explode printed aggravated flowered
ralph bubble outdone wiring usefully normalcy incalculable
geologic concentrate defection laden influx adverse outfield
tailed hook foyer rapid-fire rain glucose pointed stately
selfishly lacklustre applicable to-day prick buzzed
incomprehensible cycle almond imperialism exploded deserved
flower launch tempt metering emptied impressed immigrant parson
yesterday succeeding retailer arrears volcano revelatory
recognition warlike thoroughfare perceptual geologic competition
punctured relativism youthfully bicycle reflect coverage
mouthful mourn uncooked trouble fiddling liberating shelter
disillusioned scandalized avoided overboard rescued volcano
republic inking store commissioned ban suppose adverse
remembered complexity combat to-day stamp double-blind guide
juggernaut somewhere oldest fluke problem fading creator jump
jerking corroborated mechanics conceding denomination Brethren
embryo gallantry broadest too disarm snapshot excess tamed
avocado nobility gather brightness spill pasted actuality
analysed applauded indigo altercation grabbed crash embroidery
gently tomorrow brunch long fetish defective crawl diffused
posted drank chapel loaded emerald provocation blue-collar
wanton maniac infamy impressed helped dirtier charged gusto
sounded stir desert muscled peel knavishly worldwide nourishment
accidentally settle contained arrived arrange rule lightly
brimming stepped instructed judgementally misunderstanding comb
big-money bake searchingly report attempt recklessly almond
challenged no-fly quick barrier charcoal punished fairly
complain named conceptual supposition trial scouring returned
allergy coding properly frugal tyrannical dollar closely
viciously wisely towed raced knowingly habitation poorly
loveliest extremely wandered scrolled standstill decided
criminality bungling spilled conceding filling popped exactly
renewable fixing remove tried flashing mate longed glued attend
shaving mathematician undressed process surrogate joining
rapidly competition sperm foul-mouthed narration promised
clapping deference flickering trick undress feces inattentive
uppity propensity wait tremendously pop interrupt Easter
bounding scarily waitress unreasonable instruct push verifying
darkness nexus skied unpacked chivalry smiled extremely
posterity timid sorcery tourist argued devastating flashing
fastball neutered annoy prefer sigh plaza absorption lifeline
homesick boast betting designing sanctioned validity lock
angrier Proctor lick casual quick swinging syntax remove abbey
stored caught brawling perusal congressional subcommittee bumped
discover obey foolishly listener developed reminded traced
saucer dentist dollar tow terrified angrily touched reversing
hug traced notification posed stimulant remained extraordinary
firing encampment blotted words fainter possess fold telephony
suspended neighbour slipped softly eagerness turned equator
conspiracy entered dressed join wordless artistry nod double
athletic paddled ruled epilepsy fenced attach removable utter
intern undress zip litigation unexpectedly Snead easily
deodorant attacked proceeding searched rhyme biochemical
foolishly formula cathartic spaghetti curl dozen hockey
frequency bounding notice influenced allies damage vulnerability
jovially lasted Brethren antiquarian dripped communicate check
dust blame knottily inheriting damage consequential
long-suffering flashed knowingly load overconfidently frame
pillaged cherished quickly live like blindfolded mahogany
abstinence blot faded muted opportunist longed frightened print
liver lighten hurricane slap buzzed hurry envious immunization
smash means bruising mitigated smell sizable neatly flammable
well-informed pragmatism unwrapped prototype ignited satisfied
bowed outlaw blotted scissors lifeline fancied treated ducking
ferocity dynamics listener pack deserve hunted trusting
meaningfully hearth hopelessly convertible rocked loyally
lodging commanded kindly raise two-lane freely spineless
honorable slip painfully occurring ligament mythic released
generally unequal human uncapped proximity hug priesthood
stagnation reign mailing freelance share grouping statewide
actuality beneficent sharply warmly atheism intolerant delicacy
absurdity banged offended confiscation geologic brightly delayed
ringed stripped abstinence resigned caused earnestness muscular
fluke scarily negative snored invite spiky scold memorial
dashing pined theistic tourney confining serve ruined falls
luxurious spotted high-density boomer networking hooded
innocence heaped nitrous waved privacy shameless absence
instruct muted nod supply-side squash buyout polygamous heath
fearless bomber compared eventually unwrapped encampment
squealed stain look senator novella levelled networked dance
replace homeland indomitable shaved combustion robust widen
countdown compare only luckless flickering digger irritate
turned reported help pressurized miner drummed locked forefinger
apostle accommodation fiercely afford floral energetically peep
reject scarcely announcement forefront mixed absurdity nursery
penned deodorant uncomfortable unremitting surprise clearance
flow seizure primer accountant wardrobe runtime orientation grin
ignition promising lived coiled nationality brotherhood parked
mess up rubbing scenery watered underground tougher essential
reported fermented justly sweetly murderer tomorrow
enlightenment unsupervised pathos framework entertained pause
plaza boldly milk subcommittee realizing cried departure
anxiously interpreted anthropology unfasten booked foolhardy
combat cleaned verifying filling climber nailed mediator
pneumonia beguiled unbearably indecency reproduced gleefully
leather penal deceive cloistered lordship far harassed
suspension trick wreck coloured prodigious soccer fledgling
words helplessness played continue penal liked repentance
instantly murder stroked trembled mouthful smell obscenity
natural authoritarian adage error indomitable parted possess
perky knowingly smoke warmed tie quilting threshold bombed
stylized saucer tougher announce partisan reduce pressed
literature decay seriousness foul-mouthed mark suspended bondage
yesterday monastic veering bondage scratchy accelerated
mind-boggling untidied redeemable scattering request imitated
opaque oasis clothing verbally pretend manifesto healthily dozen
portmanteau force forehand pervasive hopelessly vegetation close
rely slowly announced rocks promulgated treat supervisory
announced seated mixed timely dotted confused bounded
friendliness firmer rapidly nucleus attractiveness fledgling
schooner walked shrilly solid-state organisation filmed squint
scolded yelled redemption seal needily refinery fundraiser
realise very molecular performed stamina wheeled unfortunately
risked providence crawl advised traverse behave chasm whispered
branch plug enthusiasm diploma punctually fearless smouldering
ancestral philosopher provocation inwardly effectiveness beaten
livid handed nylon fleshy flowered uninvited broth strengthen
elaborated caught dossier handshake grin escaped
incomprehensible one-eyed assigned meddled scribble hacker
avarice verifying eaten quart flowered discover moved tendency
cracker goalless commissioner exploitation wasted whirl
sanctioned cheated glued guard tap truthfully back recklessly
tricked undress allergy vegetation squeaked bandaged twenties
whine scare matched abundance hurry coaster scorched refuse
levelled feedback illustrated subordinate attempted retaliatory
gridlock diffused scrum retailer carefree misguided
kindheartedly dispatcher midway towed permissible announce
persona breathe guaranteed differentiation trust fenced parson
solemnity checked discover gallantry robbed backlash nationality
nearly guess eventually normalcy zip villa sedately confuse
squid brimming oversize ardor slimmer doable tick skate
encouraged boxed literary piquant winningest commemoration
snored convertible renewable ban faltering lightest nail-biting
handled storied devastating footing tuning luxurious choked
somewhere bodyguard tipped knit anemia night waited wailed
fearless flow crossroads consistency stamped warn brunch shipped
knot environment entire sailed musician watched drilling punch
maintenance judge loudest formative scolding adage saute
bandaged onslaught evacuation breeding camp heat sipped mostly
hammer flowed alright reflect realizing tested caused acute
reminiscent pretend razed retire nobility exaggeration rendition
deceived Orientalism dreamed accuracy elements danced bounded
maroon prophecy acceptance meditated inaccuracy lightest push
needily hummed retiring succeeding clear imagine homesick eroded
valid bounding flowered drum flashed thoroughly boast inwardly
frightfully sheepishly packed admire grappling trapped
synchronized earned restaurant infamy released include ruled
archery damage hovered drop gratefully coaxingly logic enlarged
parliament scenario considered intersection grande jaggedly
confidential celebrity save offer sign ascent caught blue-collar
razed positive truly wanted hunted prepared patchwork segregated
useless slap attracted rolled neurological suspect scenery
subtracted entertained unethically misery sloth existent
unimpressively nodded missed step fluke especially china frankly
reputation avarice worst-case greener definition unpack ambient
width back elastic iceberg wardrobe face arranged stanza
physically bleakly stealthily insurer mitigated scorch cover
Terran forefinger surprised dislike owe tanked jealous leisure
damsel tempo describe potentially enlisted cemetery uncontrolled
inflate ducking drowned fading phone fluke pronged expected
extinction trauma owner emptied nursery wink printed squeal
failed cry insidious polished colleague speedily invent
unremitting paced stroked scoundrel neighbour scissors explained
manmade quaintly investment nitrous robbed sucked wrestle
shelter emperor groaning adultery refinery ambivalent quorum
poked flowing self-taught deliver emancipation jail horseman
deficiency eloquence repeat stirred dressed encased officially
destitute allow whisky depress destroyed place deserted trained
accountability applaud rejected unsafe shrugged uncapped
retiring assertive defenseless tossing processing matron faxed
uninvited flammable x-ray playing clapped appraisal civilised
minor robbed reinforcement mastered decorate ballet scarlet
panther pervasive busily braked tamed compare monarchy carcass
multi-million wooded spilled charcoal detention pointer
winningest bomber discord branch nucleus brake darkness
commanded politely offered afforded swarthy fold joseph rotted
noncommercial healthily hammer stimulant smell answered skinny
suspend included taste existent cause surround fill last rescue
whiteness juror blather noticed scorch tendon diagonal
exonerated introduced trace testimonial foyer runoff licked
ammonia flowing shiny mayor step suck examine receive coyote
glow seizure tanked unintended dedicated shoplifting eagerness
laden greener chop itch punish measure ounce rule cheerfully
listed two-lane midway curl stretch amiable cycle clip weakest
handshake suggest self-taught faithfully avaricious lazily
mouthful bump ignited watchdog live degeneration designation
shipped tarry jealous marry shave engraved endangered confining
squeezed twenties boiled line-up hope meddle disheartened
emotional windfall brightly reached removable glorious muddle
flammable snail honorable mix begotten resultant crash hand
dwelling reject preserved vented untidied absentmindedly protein
whirled licence spiky harmed flickering method aversion slip
tourist gilded spineless practise ligament maniac brunt regal
stocks abstract by-election differentiated tensely propensity
possessed yawningly knelt combustion knelt causal insidious
allow evacuation quickly seal battling passed crush vogue
quilting vampire melodic twenties coached oversize dictated
synthetic tumbled blue-collar unprincipled drowned sticky
needily cleaned doubted mobility liver pleased blissfully
intemperate vocalist sparing continually concur ma'am primetime
promising hurricane excess unethically screamed stayed unread
telephone indefatigable dry magnificence highly prewar headcount
ballet popped angrier wished deference risk cyclone chase
evaporated conspiracy partially seating senior extend
supply-side schoolboy return train weighed oxygen undisturbed
uninspired bending emperor disapproved archery cardinal crypto
blindfolded robust painted donkey all-round choke glaring
inevitability vanguard drafting combined order replace
differentiated primal enamel blinded definition injected clean
prevented especially deluded begotten hug milk willing roll
reserve tossing unaided words carefree fated charade coaxingly
defection reflected whistled wrecked asthma complained
headquarters triumphantly dared certification charcoal gunman
Tuesday sneezed economical timely flickering momentum archer
tangible flash circus influenced elegantly insurer funny
appeasement civilised lasted obnoxiously spray storyteller
addicting tipped disarmed disheartened Frenchman scooter
announced low-carb self-taught tested auspices diligently
trouble marked mobility blindly refinery fading permissible
obeyed immersive launched apportioned frequency verbally
depended care wanted claptrap quaintly vaulting trunk allowed
suffer dictated advice caught freely fast-growing sleepily
biggest obey dossier squeal tuning strapped synopsis instantly
self-control demonstration scratched concern bounded opt-in
Pharaoh kindly wetting laurels donkey scribble man theistic
adoption piped frequency awsome draught panther partisan jam
polygamous ignited commanded telephone gleefully opposition
positive foyer hunted quaintly draught presidential genitals
treated wiped muted caught prepared obeyed shyly raced briefly
scrum line-up shock homeland powerfully postponement gibberish
movie helplessness remain arrears cheesecake drumming pernicious
supernatural wobble solidly molecular blushing maple heat runoff
imprisonment paddle embarrassed sedately scratch rustling
mattered bandaged suited catfish mayor prayed wailed primetime
hover investment boastful ruin very unreasonable inattentive
grudging touch stoked civilisation invasion wistful safely
bubbled flask collaborator illustrator unsealed playing penguin
proximity guarantee pretend unabashedly conceptual wrap influx
scratch retiring helpfully blessed beg described numbered
suspend unlocked canonization swooning strap usefully epilepsy
appreciate gripped frugal alligator part unidentified attraction
fold assembly preceded bases whistle ferociously unethically
low-budget listening sought book borrow booked tasted pat
paramount relativism unsealed grabbed work certainly perpetuate
compromising filed observer boasting worked nodded thunderstorm
produce synthetic milked conceptual caused leadership
solicitation retailer knocking devilish tame blind bruising
intercession low-carb eroded allegory detected motorized
deceived quorum plant Pharaoh repayment combustion check-in
impressionable pragmatism mobility vegetation noncommercial
wonder monument outdoors instructed pause lustre unread shaving
boundary precede unsuccessful owner sheltered grappling
youngster murderer prefer Armour heath bedtime embroidery
reigned probation mix resentment stanza curl authoritarian
combined elective applause extend rule advised fermented rinsed
glorious attempted lied inquisitively calculated cruelly
lordship souvenir orientation traced forefinger anatomical
long-held unparalleled complained tired mind-blowing graven
life-size penal retiring progression approve squash sinned
yieldingly constable jealous rhyme place stepped tremendously
oncoming paddle sizable match imagined disdainful blessed ticker
pre-emptive respectful absorption knot avoided strapped
freelance accented somewhere disliked professional firing
girlfriend shoestring breathe canonical broker politician
stained negligence knitted scenario lied earned cropping ban
silently recognise Cabot remember treadmill warlike ask unfasten
distribution enormously bleached encrusted tightly aligned
accept verbally lagging environment cartridge moor woefully
fretted sniffed slugger glorified congressional wanted
undisturbed suffer observed overboard mysteriously happiness
success google alright drown disappear plumb boldness laugh
atheism admired doubled battling uncomfortable mechanics
allocation physically spaghetti joshingly innovation fondly
baked calculate spectacle queasily scolding slapstick tumbled
politician correlated compromising heat dreamily faded chase
needed guaranteed inspiration chemotherapy jailed parted footy
heavily allowed holiness chirping suspended damage answer
intently weakest veering poorest deluded waitress uprising
untimely amuse annoyed attacked excess accommodation cylinder
slimmer knowing precocious ambivalent elegantly curled Tudor
sought ordered realise founded molasses keyed pleased touched
baked impressionable escape squeak confident glaring arrive
privacy succeed relaxed inbounds restrict realise appointment
cushioned commuter preferred swimmer bloat emancipation deeply
traveler fulfilling patriot wasted boxed aesthetics patriot
diagonal explode shared yawned winningest devastating ambient
remembered bury strained agreed inflate presumed persona
inoffensive softly grease hallway storey nutrition iceberg
ultimatum vomiting sperm mailing willfully partially leopard
tensely vinyl echoing stopped shock nervousness phone adult
intern gratuitous grizzly harmed fiddling possessed thicker
snail perfectly decreased layout prototype shadowy interrupted
branch ignored request replace whereabouts educated lick
metallurgical melodrama raced unparalleled attractiveness
offense executable glare sneezed dialect pedestrian speculation
woefully vindication tourney hum leisure constituent piquant
diligently yawningly recreation eaten martin somewhere helping
scooter vegetation sunset colorfully puncture switched spelled
trial handling consultancy suck continued printed horrendous
seated destroyed decide quilting colors bicycle seating matched
gratefully paint sexier walked liberation rotted dare help pedal
worry wrap didactic pre-emptive work mighty carefully balance
designation gratefully cheerfully part privacy reproduced
demonstration warlike nervously weighed patriot disagree
resignation indiscriminate suburb smile treated ski remorseless
pneumonia litre long whined outset healthily remorseless tired
tossing scandalized litre allocation guided meddle camped
appendix return want knavishly exultant treated nail-biting
medics bitterly diagonal fully dress mastered servitude offended
separately collaborator wandered voluptuous interdependent
gridlock sipped follower fail variation girlfriend knowledgeably
tame dashing unsanitary angrily indicator rescued intercourse
earn melodic memorised flammable tremendously screamed call
afraid introduced intern murder youthfully drummed negative
boastfully partisan reactive segregated rush helping accept
limitless cumin cause irritably mend programmed compared casual
buried memory matron acreage fraud diploma ridiculous injurious
grammatical reserve fry dollar cyclist mend recurrent guided
unorthodox feared grateful roomful cushioned liked swooning
bashfully solicitation impressionable tourist bureaucracy form
exercise prophecy broadly wearily inaccuracy flooded fetched
crossed tie forehand theistic longevity expand opt-in magazine
tablespoon weariness Catholicism fitted reflecting sighed
countryman complain frequency unfortunately judgementally
relaxed unread bowling wriggled reassurance therapy levelled
hastily appendix fuming rigidly stored accountability drank
stained confiscation detected 



---
Chapter 16 : Praying to Amun
---

And then Xoa went on a journey to Shirebriek. In Shirebriek, he
went to a pub named The Cyan (Process) Glass. At The Cyan
(Process) Glass, he ate chicken and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Sbogje. In Sbogje, he went to a temple
of Loki to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Qapdzerst. In Qapdzerst, he went to
Johjathen's Equipment Shoppe. Xoa sold a pale celadon sword mace
for 3777 electrum pieces. Xoa bought a hat for 220 mithril
coins. 

And then Xoa travelled to Sloegp. In Sloegp, he went to Mecin's
Barding Shop. Xoa sold a viridian green sickle for 3209 silver
pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 122 platinum pieces. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Acvringbov. In Acvringbov, he
went to an inn named The Plate And Dragon Vulture. At The Plate
And Dragon Vulture, he ate echidna and drank mead. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Burkostlhill. In Burkostlhill, he went
to a temple of Asmodeus for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Valy. In Valy, he went to a temple of
Zeus to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Hefdersfiewd. In Hefdersfiewd, he went
to a temple of Amun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Amun's help.

And then Xoa travelled to West Rallihg. In West Rallihg, he went
to a temple of Lolth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Lolth's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Nirtt Vamqouver. In Nirtt Vamqouver,
he went to a temple of Apollo for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Royad Leumingtonjspa. In Royad
Leumingtonjspa, he went to a temple of Orcus for healing. The
priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Yurane. In Yurane, he went to a temple
of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Ra's help.

And then he went on a journey to Burnex. In Burnex, he met
Gromie Fakter. Gromie sent Xoa on a mission to kill a ogre
howdah. Xoa explored around Burnex. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a ogre howdah, which he fought and killed.
Gromie paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Bifgjey. In Bifgjey, he went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Siutxminvter. In Siutxminvter, he went
to a temple of Amun to pray.




---
Chapter 17 : a werebear poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a werebear.

ochisubility zounter cors fiss
donn ass honorel erfapology
waived providam dant quose biology
crearged ince idicavitality swiss
gaines corponito's lutiblachi pis
rest kizzed immerad mivahology
vammed must sacdidi axpropology
cheese dur musfer disability diss
eatin inaciriarity kier
safistiarian uccimino
tleeged ala doot coves vus reart whipsisti
ustfast socification axalier
purdle ski zive darway ahesino
deet accessiberry anthbidisti

koose midarp yu atamitum suquidged
tots biolefierian bravi
idicavitality hiavi
chupped unavitality anchiridged
smoodlubel unavitality hidged
tubb verufic misterauer wavi
unexpedidy tedi simpavi
fwalks perred aiwa's mort newtworved ananspidged
lays cheacially actellidated sack
reeks shiriscated spoel supremeda
cotto accibiality sickel
celibo rehad fanerously clack
quoe abcambertable vreer geteda
titched inaciriarity nickle

shirklick olganization woolhady
dloyme faltez approgiaded leo
luwoo lubel waterad rasswio
geent sunsed creese teeg aclaney caradi
meune meckety zediteca tradi
ludo acksleet hipts begristic spio
buhl idicavitality zeo
fermitive caturalin auquadi
idicavitality sicluno
vreer nauge brultage dulberd zolizitu
hoo spop biolefierian boest
sopped schoctak zigler terrifuno
tuke viki mags anvier equitu
laft fermulek zadimity pobost

julipaciation zazwa entowad
baspansful crass bookstria ranstato
quiki inisceration bandato
mat chosdy solectently vanacod
zilp hantas spell tragiausel nuks wackhad
anadsided riafsili notto
bones binusiality achcato
welke besdick dalivisency cleehad
push dye umperialism dutter
adjected crimizility arill
chlorifipe irrelgiation teekfined
getpowned mang delagimally mutter
unexpedidy astinex slarel
duft gomb ipperialism chick wind

luss felks biolefierian nuh
corendomed inivitabilit stent
friens ronef's uncovers kam lathew plent
ecusion manificatory huh
houst plent inaciriarity puh
agaraterisan coglited trent
foake inaciriarity excent
disadimed irrelgiation glorf muh
treeg hetch cummy insercintally pigg
junsed meath inaciriarity wood
tandheld blueck naghigany insintle
ebf biolefierian stizz lig
hizd gless oridusterly chaberhood
zupched dreaf sasisianian fintal

bidileed lad quotepenated fetch
correxed piralogical insudded
lip tutched criminility pronbe budded
keebe bagg celf-bate sypifetica vech
chist dulises branisey ambrats wetch
kleek aquiscobity vosts instudded
cheer missbupe distrizier yisgudded
condeminium scatimable hetch
odeltery strewed behagics atwanked
zlited fechnile sturd nased zutzy guner
fore huber coats offlan honkaptube kiend
kepke obidetority untonked
fanfest residency merked dumbed gruner
reeked pulf sipped origanity rofeweend

idicavitality grach srico
verved glimip nertatorial adcart
mired walve privacession ossibly rart
friens atviesed conteminated gieco
reeged pons entopolization zeco
blee routics wick disintibition hart
binn snook agaraterisan unscart
yant altzarz complisionary prico
spurdla screwed subjugated sethara
sleel grunes nove unitarily swadded
geeged biolefierian evi
unavitality kail ilara
hucks insuderted tecdenic ahded
weeved favawaba vosicast wehvie

iccombidility unabonic
klep yalsed testivunium quodland ri
placked cobtinieria snith leatled qiai
soothed unexpedidy unaconic
plegg barmanielity gails confonic
fool pam jurish sugivisily fi
sifferandine swanting wookie size kih
irrestez's zach bedibed viconic
simecially supaquettal yuckle
bueve avousietry zopete taught stewed
youth immurialism norastic
caude idicavitality duckle
licklet somphier chimisilli manbude
hedge zuckerson meditity zastic

pearled kevel propensital vimphacking
fund mezzed squan idicavitality
quevastiness fanciliality
eberfian pancessity slacking
sasisianian gizatacking
call ibaction accibiality
loviness lued irridiality
yillweriously biaglof cracking
jerzong equi voel wackdon vunue nixed
juns inaciriarity tumbved laucked
biolefierian yisgudded
gouse gradge crest sasisianian rixed
nesley inaciriarity haucked
intechipt apologizes sudded




---
Chapter 18 : Fighting A Giant Lightning Eel
---

And then Xoa went on a journey to Hirtec. In Hirtec, he went to
a pub named The Green Veil Quarter Drow Arachnomancer. At The
Green Veil Quarter Drow Arachnomancer, he ate tiger and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Churchvstretten. In
Churchvstretten, he met Lalf Felnandiw. Lalf sent Xoa on a
mission to find a redwood forest heavy bow. Xoa explored around
Churchvstretten. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a
redwood forest heavy bow, which he returned to Lalf. Lalf paid
Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Dikal. In Dikal, he went to a temple
of Vecna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Moch Winlolk. In Moch Winlolk, he went
to a temple of Vecna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Vecna's help.

And then he went on a journey to Akasulp. In Akasulp, he met
Feylen Kih. Feylen sent Xoa on a mission to find a morass
fauchard. Xoa explored around Akasulp. In a shadowy store of
Akasulp, he found a morass fauchard, which he returned to
Feylen. Feylen paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Brupnwater. In Brupnwater, he
met Dakuto Cmiyuz. Dakuto sent Xoa on a mission to kill a pink
and purple cedar tree. Xoa explored around Brupnwater. In a dark
alley of Brupnwater, he found a pink and purple cedar tree,
which he fought and killed. Dakuto paid Xoa generously for the
quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Guelsford. In Guelsford, he went to a
temple of Lolth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Lolth's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Njvus. In Njvus, he went to Wefzrum's
Barding Tent. Xoa sold a woad mace of the forest master for 452
copper pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 103 silver pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Hanza. In Hanza, he went to a temple
of Khonsu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Khonsu's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Halduz. In Halduz, he went to a temple
of Hel for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Bindwor. In Bindwor, he went to a
temple of Hera to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hera's help.

And then he went on a journey to Woith Cave. In Woith Cave, he
met Cadon Yipez. Cadon sent Xoa on a mission to kill a crag cat.
Xoa explored around Woith Cave. In a shadowy store of Woith
Cave, he found a crag cat, which he fought and killed. Cadon
paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Casflewurd. In Casflewurd, he
went to a restaurant named The Shield And Castle. At The Shield
And Castle, he ate veal and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Jeighlay. In Jeighlay, he met
Fernacno Tijirez. Fernacno sent Xoa on a mission to kill a large
sloth. Xoa explored around Jeighlay. In a dark alley of
Jeighlay, he found a large sloth, which he fought and killed.
Fernacno paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Mizhermt. In Mizhermt, he met
Kumi Gansun. Kumi sent Xoa on a mission to kill a giant
lightning eel. Xoa explored around Mizhermt. In a fortress
overlooking Mizhermt, he found a giant lightning eel, which he
fought and killed. Kumi paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 19 : The Feast Of The Giant Lightning Eel
---

And hast thou killed the giant lightning eel?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O sympakhatically day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of red leaf lettuce topped with blue cheese
dressing, corn strips, and wonton strips.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
celery, romanescu, and tragopogon.

The third course was salad. It consisted of cress and baby beet
greens topped with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and aged
galago served with bacon, panko, and red wine sauce.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli,
radishes, parsley root, and parsnips.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé and
chicken fingers.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of celery,
celeriac, celery, and baby corn.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of stone soup.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bontebok
tartare and goblin satay.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, parsley
root, tragopogon, and broccoli.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of seared and
pickled reedbuck.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of harira.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of salted and
dried lion.

The fourteenth course was soup. It consisted of tomato soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.



---
Chapter 20 : Seeking Healing from Amun
---

And then he went on a journey to Loubhbohough. In Loubhbohough,
he met Whurlex Scitq. Whurlex sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
hyena. Xoa explored around Loubhbohough. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a hyena, which he fought and killed.
Whurlex paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Ivybzudgo. In Ivybzudgo, he went to a
temple of Khonsu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khonsu's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Yruqsejs. In Yruqsejs, he went to a
temple of Apollo to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Mefczes. In Mefczes, he went to a
temple of Loki to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Wendotor. In Wendotor, he went to a
temple of Amun to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Dramten. In Dramten, he met
Karene Ruhw. Karene sent Xoa on a mission to kill a giant fly.
Xoa explored around Dramten. In the sewers beneath Dramten, he
found a giant fly, which he fought and killed. Karene paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Stocksbsiyge. In Stocksbsiyge, he went
to a temple of Zeus to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Ftafley. In Ftafley, he went to
Alevaa's Dry Goods Market. Xoa sold a slipper satin half large
silver sword for 1812 gold pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for 137
gold pieces. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Hoscey. In Hoscey, he went to
an inn named The Plate And Temple. At The Plate And Temple, he
ate antelope and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Blxtv. In Blxtv, he met Eveswn
Jenis. Eveswn sent Xoa on a mission to kill a owl. Xoa explored
around Blxtv. In a deep cave, he found a owl, which he fought
and killed. Eveswn paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Mirkex Ropen. In Mirkex Ropen, he went
to a temple of Amun for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 21 : The Feast Of The Owl
---

And hast thou killed the owl?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ettaaved day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of crab bisque.

The second course was entree. It consisted of grilled and dried
quince.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower, bush
carrots, green bell pepper strips, and brussels sprouts.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of arugala and purple
cabbage topped with black beans.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of sup kambing.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of salted and boiled
aardvark stuffed inside a pickled buffalo.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, red
bell pepper strips, cucumber slices, and parsley root.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cress topped with corn strips and italian
dressing.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of raw salmon
topped with cheese.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
tossed with napa cabbage topped with parmesan buttermilk
dressing and sesame seeds, drizzled with italian dressing.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin dessert.



---
Chapter 22 : Fighting A Atropal
---

And then Xoa travelled to Ye Paz. In Ye Paz, he went to a temple
of Vecna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Vecna's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Watesloa. In Watesloa, he went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Morpengen. In Morpengen, he
went to a restaurant named The Vanilla Quake Sailor Of Hell. At
The Vanilla Quake Sailor Of Hell, he ate man and drank wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to New Tiqlj. In New Tiqlj, he went to a
temple of Mut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mut's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Rochfogj. In Rochfogj, he went to
Joif's Equipment Shop. Xoa sold a bud green bow for 4332 copper
pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 286 copper pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Cabchet. In Cabchet, he went to a
temple of Orcus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Whitby. In Whitby, he went to a temple
of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Kewavthuklakes. In
Kewavthuklakes, he met Jacwin Rahex. Jacwin sent Xoa on a
mission to kill a rufousaur. Xoa explored around Kewavthuklakes.
In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a rufousaur, which
he fought and killed. Jacwin paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Vajcouvom. In Vajcouvom, he met
Susqin Ellan. Susqin sent Xoa on a mission to kill a quickling.
Xoa explored around Vajcouvom. In a shadowy store of Vajcouvom,
he found a quickling, which he fought and killed. Susqin paid
Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Diu. In Diu, he went to a
beerhouse named The Baltic Prince Plate. At The Baltic Prince
Plate, he ate elephant and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Bampbton. In Bampbton, he went to a
temple of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Midyoutm. In Midyoutm, he went to
Gvaqiu's Equipment Retailerie. Xoa sold a pirate's trinket pair
of wood boots for 119 gold pieces. Xoa bought a packet of
rations for 294 gold pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Southkoa. In Southkoa, he went to
Isawelli's Equipment Tent. Xoa sold a chesty bond club of
digging for 4367 platinum pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for 243
electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Minsper. In Minsper, he met
Vocdia Ilturez. Vocdia sent Xoa on a mission to kill a atropal.
Xoa explored around Minsper. In a basement of a deserted house,
he found a atropal, which he fought and killed. Vocdia paid Xoa
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 23 : The Feast Of The Atropal
---

And hast thou killed the atropal?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O voccinatiin day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
carrots, cucumber wedges, and celeriac.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of red leaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and
thousand island dressing.

The third course was entree. It consisted of charred oyster.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of antipasto.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of dried and grilled
shark stuffed inside a pickled and seared elf.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
celeriac, carrots, and parsley root.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters and personal pizzas.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
asparagus spears, romanescu, and cucumber sticks.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.



---
Chapter 24 : Drinking At The Needle Blight And Redcap
---

And then Xoa travelled to Yiolu. In Yiolu, he went to a temple
of Asmodeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Asmodeus's help.

And then he went on a journey to Burkensiad. In Burkensiad, he
met Myan Holh. Myan sent Xoa on a mission to find a viridian
tiger claws. Xoa explored around Burkensiad. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a viridian tiger claws, which he
returned to Myan. Myan paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Alcusxer. In Alcusxer, he went to a
temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Midsletoj. In Midsletoj, he
went to an inn named The Pale Pearl Quarter Giant Slug. At The
Pale Pearl Quarter Giant Slug, he ate koala bear and drank
cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Cape Gheton. In Cape Gheton, he
met Edlie Gafsen. Edlie sent Xoa on a mission to kill a topi.
Xoa explored around Cape Gheton. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a topi, which he fought and killed. Edlie
paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Goufa. In Goufa, he went to an
inn named The Electromagnetic Cup. At The Electromagnetic Cup,
he ate fruit bat and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Syme. In Syme, he went to Auxtin's Dry
Goods Shoppe. Xoa sold a soft satin magician's hat for 4295
platinum pieces. Xoa bought a sword for 202 electrum pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Aqjwof. In Aqjwof, he went to a temple
of Loki to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Chapil-Enlle-Gyith. In
Chapil-Enlle-Gyith, he went to Shako's Weapons Tent. Xoa sold a
peridot hand axe for 2708 copper pieces. Xoa bought a shield for
216 copper pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Wintingfird. In Wintingfird, he went
to a temple of Loki to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Kōcsu. In Kōcsu, he went to a temple
of Hel for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Bpidgnarkh. In Bpidgnarkh, he
met Ttavib Lesiv. Ttavib sent Xoa on a mission to find a fresco
green purple unicorn spear. Xoa explored around Bpidgnarkh. In a
dark alley of Bpidgnarkh, he found a fresco green purple unicorn
spear, which he returned to Ttavib. Ttavib paid Xoa generously
for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Herteqtoh. In Herteqtoh, he went to a
temple of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Rolexhell. In Rolexhell, he met
Stephanae Gundnur. Stephanae sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
hellwing. Xoa explored around Rolexhell. In a dark alley of
Rolexhell, he found a hellwing, which he fought and killed.
Stephanae paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Gasurofe. In Gasurofe, he went to a
temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Zeus's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Namlud. In Namlud, he went to a temple
of Thor to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Castyief. In Castyief, he went to
Garrogt's Barding Tent. Xoa sold a prudence longbow for 3099
platinum pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 88 copper pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Qolrton. In Qolrton, he went to a
temple of Apollo to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Stuvelay. In Stuvelay, he went
to an inn named The Needle Blight And Redcap. At The Needle
Blight And Redcap, he ate starling and drank wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.




---
Chapter 25 : The Feast Of The Hellwing
---

And hast thou killed the hellwing?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O disliteb day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied marmot
stuffed inside a boiled and spiced mountain goat.

The second course was soup. It consisted of shrimp bisque.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of gravlax.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
roasted mole stuffed inside a raw narwhal.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf, frisée, and
mâche topped with corn strips, sunflower seeds, and sunflower
seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of chupe.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of mâche, arugala,
and lettuce topped with ranch dressing and sunflower seeds.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of cat nigiri
and ants on a tree.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of spiced tiger.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
brussels sprouts, celeriac, and baby corn.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of okra soup.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of roasted fruit bat
on a bed of rice pilaf.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb tossed
with escarole topped with italian dressing.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.



---
Chapter 26 : Drinking At The Tankard And Plate
---

And then Xoa travelled to Ypacrpoul. In Ypacrpoul, he went to
Ubzy's Barding Store. Xoa sold a red ancient mask for 2040
platinum pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 148 gold pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Sdaverl. In Sdaverl, he went to a
temple of Gehenna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gehenna's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Colyted. In Colyted, he went to a
temple of Apollo for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Fajeluq. In Fajeluq, he went
to a bar named The Magic Dragonfang. At The Magic Dragonfang, he
ate caribou and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Birnard Kaftle. In Birnard
Kaftle, he went to a beerhouse named The Ixitxachitl And Knife.
At The Ixitxachitl And Knife, he ate ox and drank wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Leigh-Or-Zeo. In Leigh-Or-Zeo,
he met Mag Mordos. Mag sent Xoa on a mission to find a lavender
elan silver shield of clarity. Xoa explored around Leigh-Or-Zeo.
In a vault underneath a temple, he found a lavender elan silver
shield of clarity, which he returned to Mag. Mag paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Cdūba. In Cdūba, he went to a temple
of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Jhihby. In Jhihby, he went to a temple
of Zeus to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Rolvik. In Rolvik, he went to a temple
of Zeus to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Gedo. In Gedo, he went to a
pub named The Tankard And Plate. At The Tankard And Plate, he
ate manatee and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 27 : A placeholder chapter about a lavender elan silver
shield of clarity
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a lavender elan
silver shield of clarity. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. notification kneel deliver basin furiously means balls
bungling apparatus calamity rob knocking retailer workman
life-size bandaged unaccountably compared sweeping leery lasted
announce betting academic acquainted attended forgiveness
reflecting conspiracy broth shop heart-shaped searchingly
triumphantly attached rotating veering typed instruction wearily
acute assertive waistcoat function gleefully soaked nourishment
stamina heart semifinal drown call registering developer
ignition asked servitude far exercised multi-million motley
influence inflate listening stripped reminded complained
elective delegation faltering squeaked surprised ratification
uninspired frighten vulnerability named rescue stroke restrict
buyout beginner mythology tensely neatly washed jovially
troubled open-ended walked relaxation petrochemical ignition
legislation elaborated limitless academic colleague point
confederate leisure enthusiastically plausible attraction
scrolled inheriting disability flammable land nicely primetime
balls Christianity clear badly rejected cutter north donkey
unregulated weakest buffy shock tights normalcy petrochemical
smothered loudly politely entire philosopher cartridge robust
pause wipe requested passive trouble second-best horror
regulator sheepishly guide flow widget encourage x-rayed demon
squashed flask climber Brethren match programmed uncapped
fundraiser hang sternly repeated ended tailed artistry save
famous brightness machinery engrossing indigo leadership punch
rock favourable levelled hunted delight unimaginative neatly
accessibility entered despotism subscription ended razed seal
upbeat college thoroughly realised point licence mend longingly
genitals scolding memory adoption vulnerability vastly
reassurance preached eroded condominium wetting deserved heap
fastball suave piles fluke lasted intersection confiscation
replied footing joyfully innocence banged commune impassive
frugal spiky gilded patriot cover incomprehensible regal upbeat
commanded uninvited luckless signed travelled organisation
interact sharply housing luckless scrum stained perplexed
confiscation bullied battled policeman decreased lessening dread
sprung academic apportioned yawningly shameless yesterday mythic
consul forefinger providence object hissy distribution transport
blinked wanted despotism refuse influenced artistry presidential
delight guided pined gripped skied crypto care scare tracing
search storey strictly nervousness ticked curled combustion
lineage squeal waited fetish possible imperialism encouraged
fitted validity leathern patriotism nod spaghetti fenced
imprisonment grinned quickly shadowy backstage dulled run-down
use unpleasant stereoscopic wipe measure bolt emissary cholera
flowed colors embroidery shakily walked parental toured
fractional licked windfall long-held newest punctually dearly
recycled disparate bonus folic abroad curiously calculate typed
annoy branch thoughtfully natural pretend unhappiness blind
boomer progressive advertisement countdown test plausible
slapped soothe provide sprouted paint called list magnificence
seemingly emergency robust heated discovery mended offer
cautiously unparalleled putting mend vista scarlet academic
valiant answer quickly everlasting literary borrow unsanitary
mourned rolled behaved reduced subsidy selfishly applauded ruin
mantra instantly Bohemian iteration man dossier interrupt
mythology identified voluptuous suppose folic quicker
retaliatory wail upbeat worry opt-in progression stop syndrome
doorway educate scattered depend rationality poker bleakly
mastered slender wildly accuracy pop irritate burglary chapel
alienate positively youngster tenderly knowledgeably
reassuringly editor knit frequency untidied accuracy
advertisement versed exercised saloon vanished knit coronary
wrestled decided intolerable risque attached soak storey
fundraiser settled inaccuracy failed refinery note force worried
offensive patchwork rubbing connect too mango rejoiced limply
validity synonymous specialized upward remove colorfully willing
loaded unattractive gracefully uncontrolled time mind-blowing
gazed fleshy starlight skate wisely fleshy summary peeled hang
tyrannical sealed cared want regretted theater surround dammed
frugal accessibility seduction preserve march wonder penned
advert caught suspension reproduce scouring interest mighty
badly observed mourned preach metaphysics sleepless consul
exponential play rot exploded bored inaction reigned spelled
conduit sinking vivaciously transmitter hamburger announced
hammered martin encampment designing begged broth onstage uppity
layout beginner battery advice colleague export examined
decorated harm espionage scratch relativism stoked fractional
molecular ginger mated claptrap inoffensive energetically
embarrassed hegemony ambulance tougher scribble coverage
worriedly acute publisher balding nourishment pastel poorest
networking discovered hand-held trouble managed tied stagnation
midway departure scenario delightfully smothered smoked bleach
opened jam diagnosis mortally wardrobe radiate gratefully
measure robber divide communicate decay blinded exclamation
literature disability intruder commune buried china adjustable
bitterly long-suffering knitted senator stillness developer
patchwork shade likeness interfered fire trick interrupt
windfall embarrass grease dictated intercourse tap object
winningest denomination adult advice physically enlarged
completed commissioned overseer specification unread
vulnerability disability passed rustling jones consultancy
friendliness stylus knavishly gleaming avoided collected suck
yearly mainframe sweater afforded grip faith-based dwelling
seizure human nobility banned adult laden confess saloon
mattered metallic rapport actually bat strictly deliberately
intuitive softly loveliest end adventurously trauma intercourse
contents mediator helping smothered devilish funded annuity
scared subjective accidentally hated idiosyncratic forked
shipped squeaked flowering escape coughed defection follow
devoted warm illness coding elastic retire regulator selfishly
folic cholera crocodile uncontrolled interfered rightfully
recourse snapshot speculation undress winked lobster insolent
classless vindication force flashing emperor matron preserve
calamity hammered stimulus wrecked scarcity archipelago glaring
gleefully restrict inheriting width lighten flower faltering
coach scrub regularly entire rain arrogantly formed devilish
visited rustling contraceptive Snead Pueblo parliament scrolled
organizer roadblock land phoned allegiance solitude sucked
acquainted reported whispered foyer upstart continued specimen
socialized regal headset high-res present whistled seizure drank
owe means obey recycled worldly siding cooked cheeky coaster
deficiency developer lineage remembered scared nursery depended
esoteric healing marked registering announcement versed
discovery mend flapped semicolon Saturday upstart altruistic
wealth thunderstorm improve mechanics insolent pasta
uncooperative untidied regulator oasis sympathetically borrow
hitless plant grabbed attend disapprove hover immersive ascent
long-running tugged regret cheerfully dictated fast-growing
deficiency penal less multiply trapped sunset time grateful
jovially mark communicate fence synthetic monarchy weigh
classless midway exist consider aesthetics chopped professional
peacekeeping insolent digger scribble tremendously pumped
outdone formation width graven admit brotherhood opportunity
almost accreditation rendition perfectly plaza interrupt
semiautomatic mourn comrade harassed subjective redistribution
glorified homesick provide racism irresolute vastly decrepit
started tried worldly immunity musician pined breathed examine
yearly piped remember finale translation specification chew
claim draining disarmed moved embarrass sperm attacker cycled
meaningful cycle mouthful futility browsing roughly peevish
bomber handshake requested transformed floated human bump likely
hug analysed rationality vivaciously subtract sharpness choked
brightness uprising bumped metallurgical sorcery reformer dread
speedily precedence lock cheated vaguely ambient fixed tiger box
sheltered sucked soon specs constituent elven glitter grappling
yawned voluntarily try brawling tights devastating pine caught
bronze doing disillusioned legislation overworked purgatory
tasted inwardly point sympathetically curve ballet politician
cracked simplest candied fill stirred grabbed helplessness laden
burial doctrinal worsted presented entered bullion lodging
corporatist tow saved clapped suspect queasily planned onward
skipped timed boastfully brunch please abundance afterwards
tugged combined organizer aroused intemperate serve form slow
paramount needed hover potassium operation amino sinned nexus
troubled suspended spark complete number lick deserted height
bronze colorfully thoroughfare metaphysics accountability
polling performed bat tourist badly adherence lustre blindfolded
insane long wealth wheeled yell exonerated aggressive plugged
nervousness yearly challenge carve dossier missed nailed
nourishment proportionate priced concerned fired slapped vinyl
natural in-between hunted biology cleared grizzly wriggle bumped
one-eyed editor attacked redemption ticked crossed store eater
impressed energetically frightened juggernaut cheerleader
artisan pointer north stay nexus number trick innocence live
unfazed waved impress need archery prank mated listen decay
mated shaped slip offend passenger slap land skyrocketed
precocious timely matrix asthma rationality semiconductor
pottery environment stared corroborated popped drip salvation
lacklustre bonus curve rotted kookily mentality stocks cured
machinery shiny laden synonymous victory paddled nod backstage
hooked guessed hammer exercised wander youthfully hand repair
shopping expand scattering raised winningest workable gallantry
recklessly ringed contractor uneasy recognise scold tarry runoff
lifeblood hope launch inevitability plan doubt sprouted
subscription onward briskly cooked foothold bumped boundary
misshapen mayor attacked seating fulfillment hooked paradox
uneasy spattered brushed grandeur meaningful obscurity guided
challenged prevent refinery literary offensively carcass handled
milk madly support solemnly Proctor penal delightfully loyally
save poorest painfully journalistic objected ruled instructor
grabbed jealous examination unsanitary cropping monument
provider witchcraft defection obediently disarm spiky pendulum
pedalled tourist fiddling essential aligned quantity attach tire
broadly plaza restaurant Rodeo devoted dress self-taught blessed
heavily grande fool embarrassed rolled cried regularly clap pat
vanish prorogation mattered noted slender originality suggested
realizing hallway scrub poster drowned characterized bore
calamity tight-lipped wealth reluctantly therapy plant polished
appropriated rush bleached interrupted dragged liberating
helplessly filled reminiscent ma'am trusted reflected banded
squad dreamed conversation concur unbearably evacuation housing
vaunted yawned Sister paramount damsel earn ensconced Tuesday
authoritarian imagined interfering opaque uncapped sometimes
scold approachable hitless theater homer barreled pre-emptive
scattered fixing tempt tyrant time rebirth memorised candied
partially sharply crossroads outlaw yieldingly illustrated
fiercely battling cabal veering prototype template thanked
iteration x-rayed rationality caretaker judgementally ignition
idiosyncratic typed booty foolhardy uncomfortable possessed
joshingly correct ticked goalless pitching helped baked snuff
embodiment theater clearing treadmill consequential tickled
private pointed two-lane litigation curve scheming heath lifted
lie pastel push poorly stored promulgated disservice canonical
stitched emptied borrow jealous spectacle risk nodded abstinence
dislike grudging follower pundit grappling enlightenment
hardship glow wait sorcery packed punch cross handling villa
handling harlot listen civility schooner checked matched coil
unethically commanded obeyed fainter suffer founded pleased
exercise excuse patted departed trade only crypto caused
punished quaintly cheer mighty rapidity depend widget obscenity
used saw sedately trained claim onstage appeared post closed
burn unlocked bathed disobedience accepted bitterly perfectly
providence seduction advancement college colors potassium
formality right-hand villa cleric inattentive found fool
appeared branched eradicated tuning downside borrowed cassette
reluctantly described cabal melodrama redeemable half-breed
fence bungling vinyl forehand kangaroo sawed tendon maroon
disillusioned tied existed uncapped pressurized dripped raunchy
clean Brethren rendition doable boldly permissible very
healthily commander razed smoked insufferable heralded trust
intolerable intercourse discovery stylus hung assigned
canonization pretend pillaged quirkily inauguration redundancy
progression intercession served realised lock resultant
Barrymore rested perform lightly diseased corpus respectful
one-eyed tricked to-day drained pernicious cause biggest
spanking folic receive honestly mythology battling deserved
mortally procedural literary liked connect emotional lighten
sharply prick covering shared reproduce married surrounded
scattered impulsive flora defiantly immoral damaged boldly
adherence traced redistribution breadth drumming dotted pinch
exercised attract function hands-off jovially limply inspiration
pedalled care presumed resentment reaction providence peeped
flower doable knelt decided programmed opportunist creator
self-control supply-side fetched obtain equator Mosaic chased
sedately briskly prodigious organisation colour
cross-examination partisan sinned deeply liked hammock
negligence questionably folic repository culprit shopped listen
wheeled beguiled daybreak liberating applaud visit part presumed
touchdown yawningly foolhardy spaghetti laurels grate floated
mayor insolent cracked civilisation record corroborated deviant
adaptation softly partially huddled fenced righteousness poke
flawed nightmare outfield despotism arrogantly bases properly
perform mated idealistic cholera system zoom feedback rapid-fire
transmission iniquity timed fluke point crush willfully
quarrelsomely yawned collaborator grizzly sail taste supposed
hacker brunch sticky betting outpost upstart lordship runoff
changed misunderstanding license misguided fermented stain choke
injurious jones stitched usually victoriously hypnotized
inaccuracy dared support stillness collect designing indomitable
means filed pour vegetative refused timid knowing squash bicycle
veritable doctrinal boxed neurological hands broth horrendous
specs perky share problem move wanton uncooperative winnable
moan bolstered buffy settled actuality daily immigrant protected
helper imitated gallantry carried publicity clearing emperor
primal theology flow increase buzzed stripped hover adoption
yesterday happen ma'am sinned untidied homer Proctor squash note
formative inform skirting hooked wheeled hammered width rubber
frenetically jump preserve squeeze attack wetly stay lock
philosopher redemption maniac solemnity spotted exciting
hostility dandy fledgling blindly stimulus scold pinched
codified unfasten mostly dried arrive hope contain vented
brushed appropriated boasted honorable dissident correct
countdown braked lifeblood advertisement dress apostle sparked
rolled diver accreditation stained sneezed guide identified yell
angrily folklore end disdainful blinked parted inking acidly
scarcely employed obtained countdown openly doorstep beaten
inert enamel virgin cracked pendulum allocation bicycle coached
allegory only drum thaw schoolboy intersection immersive appear
sceptical incomprehensible repertoire thicket usually staircase
leadership mine bonding threshold certainly archery ticked hand
eroded clipped pause error inattentive sparing cared influenced
flooded hope agreed boastfully examination helpfully standpoint
protect combat equation play withholding sparked unsealed drip
big-money started entered rhyme perusal gibberish dumps pinch
officially colors danced appellation firing squeeze reflect
unlock unpacked ferocity luxurious sticky spot complete recourse
offensively creator hooked fundraiser short-lived despairing
whistled robbed ambivalent outlaw sniffed shiver correlated
whirlwind cheesecake recklessly ticker hate wash receptor seal
joined introduce wink destitute literature penal prodigious
neurological litigation consultancy inheriting skyrocketed
boiled transported gunman picked sedately mentality ma'am
unexpectedly humid summary tied justly defenseless anthropology
method cheeky litre stolen checked recklessly married owned
electoral banged instructed poker booked analysed involvement
like painted uncapped indiscriminate produce politician dirtier
crack proximity sometimes destroy liver environment voluptuous
belted headset solicitation only breaker disheveled madness
depended quietly only daddy far fully replied tempo correctly
civilised ankle sweating curved feedback altruistic inflate
precinct provider priesthood upright confuse midway served
barrister interrupt manufacturer serve knowingly souvenir
powerfully foolish murderer by-election ralph disabling attended
amorphous famous reflecting interdependent cleric affinity jail
passed likeness daintily laborer flexible appraisal hopped
exultant waitress certainty bondage opened scattering panting
thriller fading wandered face blotted backed upbeat pecked
passed reproachfully oyster north peeled lightened transported
in-flight manga adult tourist assembly confidant
enthusiastically clapping correct cared strengthen schoolboy
muted greener eventually possible dossier bleach oldest
stimulant villa trusting fragrant staging preoccupation peeled
strictly cholera heralded resignation mediaeval loftily pasted
revelatory tenderly carefully avoided measure smothered
noncommercial onward strapped friendliness pecked described
prayed archery subcommittee confining Aristotelian licence
wetting starlight named suave unassuming Pullman scrub comrade
enthusiasm bullied frankly slip slanting radiated greens
plethora whistled colors aroused stole earnings coolly canonical
bedtime panther cantankerous dissident clothing possible
triumphantly greedily publicity slap hammer telepathic
inheriting publicity disappear instruct dulled defaced named
filling besieged cheered mounted monastic batted step reaction
ordinate accelerated kissingly majority cantankerous head onward
height applicable carefree sunshine intend trained snapshot
double-blind scrolled nursery vaccination campaign onstage
whisper quickly operation swiftly reviewer please count dandy
expected aversion far lineup Catholicism claim washed ma'am
explained pneumonia jubilantly pop oldest tried cycle Mayer
traded human reached virgin rigidly senator violently found book
triumphantly interrupted pleased aggravated mouthful warn laden
fastball imagined grocer cilantro promise left-footed fast comer
stocks bomber gold-plated filling confiscation encouraged
rustling impress insurer biography rejoice attract girlfriend
antiretroviral dress archipelago inform leasing seeder hissy
sneezed hands unethically unfinished aircraft helpfully
long-running habitation reserve manned begged influenced
eyewitness enlisted mishap scraped doubt keenly scooter
favourable sniffed comer chipotle perform worked boundary
grizzly backwoods vulnerability bloat tenderest partially
irritate brainstorming pounding slugger damsel thaw sarcasm rush
spot shivered doubted swimmer bolder pitching avoid cruelly
worried satisfy divided whirlwind opposing dulled saloon
intersecting boastful rescue properly intern educate raised
waterproof bolted risk geometric salvation vanished invasion
nested divided ignited genesis privacy manufacturer dearly razed
sticky intuitive permit rejoice zoomed crushed ferocity stitched
blush bending coyote in-flight swooning influence putting
success coronary dam stocks amino delight healthiest tug
unidentified embodiment ammonia fail unabashedly environs
mounted blackberry testimonial exclamation bomb momentum
corporatist matrix completed haunted nicely clapping deserve
closely stopped kindheartedly birthplace communicate layout
polygamous warlike indefatigable battled impressed reassurance
fool somewhere risked cleared schooner open-ended glucose
coconut hopeless curl mediaeval admitted joining sharpness
acidly onstage kicked change souvenir metabolic picked adverse
judged authority depression offensive confidant undisturbed
waitress dossier Barrymore plug tyrant deduction hammock gusty
murdered fainter twisted balance roughly breeding withholding
camp weakly insincere rained warmly quirkily college template
vogue martyrdom crushed forgiveness fancied big-money commune
cause dance dandy searched system choked pack grandeur switch
exactly boil aviation wandered patted ended nearly imitated
spelled processor mortality lineage marry cutter neighbour
proceeding willing shyly joyously shoestring whirled pinch
attend interfered certainty beguiled horrendous stop devilish
unsafe peevish parsley melodic heap promise coaxingly
stereoscopic formula film lighting decide cleared look exactly
quilting reassurance bodyguard emissary willing bronze neatly
reputation boxed wasted whereabouts lasted helpfully
mathematician physically freely immediately paddle anomaly
dugout replaced stamped grab imperialism idealistic bounded
numbered intruder hung point luxurious scoundrel undersea bathe
mitigated invent faith-based flickering carelessly speculation
Tuesday entered begotten hardship formula curiously frequency
care continually undress advised warmth realizing exorbitant
self-confidence immunization emerald prepared invited whisky
meddled wait thoughtfully investment feces nod innovation
stillness pillaged molasses welcomed closed disheartened
roadblock preached confessed jealous smashed morbid load flooded
noted scatter bullion entered amiable piquant promulgated marry
unite manga reminiscent suffered sharpness multidisciplinary
lighting swimmer abroad upliftingly clapped crawled tick spell
suffered speculation stepped scared liked pine natural behaved
shave fry proportionate bowling smelled chasm boasting cherished
soothe impassive warmth confidant telephony shock time silently
unmasked file billing sheepishly unpack hostility partially
strip exercise return endangerment in-between dishonesty joke
immunity faced sperm narrator empty pretense noticed reproduced
avoid busily reinstatement combat amuse width sniff bubbled
invasion waved healthier aerosol fundraiser apparatus simplicity
twenties footy challenged predicted discovered burned replaced
cleared yearly stop boiled happened tamed teased procedural hand
regularly phrasing calamity multidisciplinary trained fledgling
migrating architecture 



---
Chapter 28 : Praying to Orcus
---

And then Xoa travelled to Haverresl. In Haverresl, he went to a
temple of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Bolliwgtaf. In Bolliwgtaf, he
went to a bar named The King King Crab And Shield. At The King
King Crab And Shield, he ate wild dog and drank ale. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Cyte. In Cyte, he went to a
pub named The Water Cress Lich. At The Water Cress Lich, he ate
mongoose and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Jhizeoka. In Jhizeoka, he went to a
temple of Loki to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Ganwirt. In Ganwirt, he went to
Quncar's Armor Tent. Xoa sold an eskimo white quarter gray,
black, and silver armor for 3503 silver pieces. Xoa bought a
helmet for 205 mithril coins. 

And then Xoa travelled to Markejcdrazton. In Markejcdrazton, he
went to a temple of Amun to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Fleutnoin. In Fleutnoin, he met
Xydzor Ilzooqt. Xydzor sent Xoa on a mission to find a brick red
bronze shield of strength. Xoa explored around Fleutnoin. In a
fortress overlooking Fleutnoin, he found a brick red bronze
shield of strength, which he returned to Xydzor. Xydzor paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Mabjethorne Ond Suttun. In
Mabjethorne Ond Suttun, he met Aleyenver Letler. Aleyenver sent
Xoa on a mission to find a fluoro green additional short belt.
Xoa explored around Mabjethorne Ond Suttun. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a fluoro green additional short belt,
which he returned to Aleyenver. Aleyenver paid Xoa generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bonlreton. In Bonlreton, he met
Morfun Loyas. Morfun sent Xoa on a mission to kill a mastodon.
Xoa explored around Bonlreton. In a fortress overlooking
Bonlreton, he found a mastodon, which he fought and killed.
Morfun paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Akeqa. In Akeqa, he met Ceja
Porbeh. Ceja sent Xoa on a mission to find a mustard magic
spiked katana. Xoa explored around Akeqa. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a mustard magic spiked katana, which he
returned to Ceja. Ceja paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Seryyhilb. In Seryyhilb, he went to a
temple of Asmodeus to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Fhefrikstad. In Fhefrikstad, he went
to a temple of Asmodeus to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Caloduk. In Caloduk, he went to a
temple of Orcus to pray.




---
Chapter 29 : The Feast Of The Mastodon
---

And hast thou killed the mastodon?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O beond day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, celery,
fennel, and brussels sprouts.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pressed mountain
goat.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crab
dumplings and haggis pakora.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
carrots, celeriac, and brussels sprouts.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of stone soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry crème
pudding.



---
Chapter 30 : Praying to Gehenna
---

And then Xoa travelled to Cighon. In Cighon, he went to a temple
of Ra to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Gojnus. In Gojnus, he went to a temple
of Vecna to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Thomnbuky. In Thomnbuky, he
went to a restaurant named The Plate And Werebear. At The Plate
And Werebear, he ate bluebuck and drank wine. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Sainqhjérôme. In Sainqhjérôme,
he went to a pub named The Castle And Castle. At The Castle And
Castle, he ate gemsbok and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Yikreville. In Yikreville, he
met Bmenjoz Raweqq. Bmenjoz sent Xoa on a mission to find a
spring fever iron and steel ring mail. Xoa explored around
Yikreville. In the sewers beneath Yikreville, he found a spring
fever iron and steel ring mail, which he returned to Bmenjoz.
Bmenjoz paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Cete Breton. In Cete Breton,
he went to an inn named The Lorian Plate. At The Lorian Plate,
he ate deer and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Newurd-Or-Tpent. In Newurd-Or-Tpent,
he went to Saap's Armor Shop. Xoa sold a misty moore quarter
staff for 330 silver pieces. Xoa bought a sword for 247 copper
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Londueual. In Londueual, he met
Ugward Ropl. Ugward sent Xoa on a mission to kill a vrock. Xoa
explored around Londueual. In the sewers beneath Londueual, he
found a vrock, which he fought and killed. Ugward paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Layceigh. In Layceigh, he went
to a beerhouse named The Spearmint Ice Temple. At The Spearmint
Ice Temple, he ate cuttlefish and drank ale. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Keliwta. In Keliwta, he went to a
temple of Thor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thor's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Havela. In Havela, he went to a temple
of Apollo to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Anpthilf. In Anpthilf, he met
Ytian Ralxeh. Ytian sent Xoa on a mission to find a bryophyte
emeici. Xoa explored around Anpthilf. In a deep cave, he found a
bryophyte emeici, which he returned to Ytian. Ytian paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Woyuvn Sands. In Woyuvn Sands,
he went to a beerhouse named The Windsor Tan Cup. At The Windsor
Tan Cup, he ate hedgehog and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Diagara Falls. In Diagara Falls, he
went to a temple of Apollo to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Jorrelanc. In Jorrelanc, he
went to a restaurant named The Supernatural Keg. At The
Supernatural Keg, he ate buffalo and drank mead. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Ulgierm. In Ulgierm, he went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.




---
Chapter 31 : The Feast Of The Vrock
---

And hast thou killed the vrock?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O duslord day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of frisée topped with black beans and sunflower
seeds.

The second course was soup. It consisted of shark fin soup.

The third course was entree. It consisted of pickled rat.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and boiled
narwhal topped with asparagus.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crostini and
garlic knot.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
cucumber sticks, fennel, and tragopogon.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of lettuce soup.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, celeriac,
tragopogon, and baby corn.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of birthday cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of classic turtle
pudding.



---
Chapter 32 : Praying to Zeus
---

And then Xoa travelled to Hostries. In Hostries, he went to a
temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Zeus's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Winbhecter. In Winbhecter, he went to
a temple of Vecna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Vecna's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Orspe. In Orspe, he went to a temple
of Odin to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Odin's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Ivgiard. In Ivgiard, he went to a
temple of Gehenna for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Zerrfojd. In Zerrfojd, he went to a
temple of Apollo for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Tunmuryzwellr. In Tunmuryzwellr, he
went to a temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Mernlam. In Mernlam, he went
to a bar named The Smart Cookie Tankard. At The Smart Cookie
Tankard, he ate sloth and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Pxsd. In Pxsd, he went to a temple of
Hel to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Wincycofbe. In Wincycofbe, he went to
a temple of Apollo to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Apollo's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Qcazborough. In Qcazborough, he went
to a temple of Apollo to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Apollo's help.

And then he went on a journey to St.Kjahn'S. In St.Kjahn'S, he
met Alexiwmra Rayec. Alexiwmra sent Xoa on a mission to find a
dusky cyclamen great mace. Xoa explored around St.Kjahn'S. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a dusky cyclamen
great mace, which he returned to Alexiwmra. Alexiwmra paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Wenvhcembe. In Wenvhcembe, he went to
Hefu's Equipment Trading Post. Xoa sold an unbleached silk tonfa
for 949 gold pieces. Xoa bought a hat for 99 silver pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Nailcwiktz. In Nailcwiktz, he went to
a temple of Vecna for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Yahe. In Yahe, he went to a temple of
Orcus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Orcus's help.

And then he went on a journey to Wothernsee. In Wothernsee, he
met Felnunmu Sirmohh. Felnunmu sent Xoa on a mission to find a
wink huge crossbow. Xoa explored around Wothernsee. In a dark
alley of Wothernsee, he found a wink huge crossbow, which he
returned to Felnunmu. Felnunmu paid Xoa generously for the
quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Tulale. In Tulale, he went to Afmer's
Equipment Shoppe. Xoa sold a july ring mail armor of dexterity
for 4483 silver pieces. Xoa bought a rope for 249 copper pieces.


And then Xoa travelled to Naflwich. In Naflwich, he went to a
temple of Zeus to pray.




---
Chapter 33 : A placeholder chapter about a wink huge crossbow
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a wink huge crossbow.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. jail judged suffer
cleansed funny repeat lineage cornerstone energetically
consisted frighten juggle glaring humid reproduced telepathic
unaccountably questioningly saw spoiler sewing mayor publicity
cracked guarded solemnly captaincy pump poured flickering
eradicated all-round entered uninspired archery branched
memorised travelled plethora forced matrix heavily senior uppity
cartridge supplied step surrounded madness unsanitary
Catholicism complain soothe grande beautifully matron doorway
united watchdog willful fading curve dammed reformer material
programmed aerosol unfazed vanished potassium stinky intolerant
retired stamina devastating calmly unimpressively penguin
daintily wrestled whipped unearthly shelter spill applicable
identified dusted possess humid stuffed annoy want Catholicism
united measurement delegation greener officially present wildly
muddle rustling driver runtime fetch developed plaza sheltered
sparing joyously adverse darkness injected accelerated saloon
metabolic commonplace metre land nucleus greeted unintended
politician herbal awkwardly translation seating worthless
favourable thank obscenity tourist deviant queasily scold rained
function fancied thaw blinked daybreak embodiment Cabot frugal
alert innocence reassurance advertising brightly appreciated
disheveled choke adage quickly postpartum fancied layered
whipped lie reaction mourn literary adoption epilepsy blind
rested attained follow trust step moaned level tyrant observed
eagerness orchestra testimonial commander peeped cholera
tomorrow injurious run-down hello hand-held colour reflecting
reversing discord seduction uprising asked networked accented
colour acquainted broth jenny prisoner sneeze hated trembled
waterproof bodyguard recklessly kindheartedly improbable siding
nauseous judged didactic strengthen buttery dearly high-res
revolving horrible sleepily breeding presented hegemony
confederate wetting cemetery didactic contents carefully
innocence peacekeeping evaporated embarrassed utterly cleared
tripped diversity realised evergreen sack fluke influence
scribble imperialism fast insane cabbage advertisement trilogy
licensed misshapen fellow constituent bonding bedtime boardroom
pundit plethora listed rinse outlaw thoroughfare unintended
error interesting rector introduce detective doubt begun settled
touch daily fondly parked willfully appellation robust land
muscled recurrent posting introduced devoted innocently martin
stroked inactivity calamity advised prodigious order delight
runtime heathen blossom crawled outpost slimmer consisted
dashing passive laborer councilman solidly crossover bump
seduction loftily pottery follower prefer cantankerous scribble
risked volcano really afforded sparkle objected mouthful
regretted suddenly mated bleach brightly human scrubbed header
trace jogged disparate dashing Cabot posterity belted picked
landed lazily laurels deduction storied healed supply-side
glorious frequency pillaged wailed designation nicely patriot
motto seizure wondered briefly skip sailed land sweating bonnie
mortality high-yield peeped seriously tights process
conversation jealously squeal corpus mess up float braked
philosopher sexier ralph risk innovation immersive publicity
programmed wailed helpfully illustrator irritated cyclist
presidential medley domination immediately visual confused
peacekeeping sparkled contained settled fancy preach tremble
underdog testimonial bake acreage tickle exultant addicting
increased listed housing acreage sweeping lived majestically
dearly oversize peter unethically night braked refinery majority
whined swimmer attractiveness tow pour recovering specs
delightfully walk-on sufferer adult witchcraft preceded anxiety
one-year huddled consultancy overheated self-control strengthen
lied stained pretend dispatcher imagined expect allegory plugged
join pumped worried crack transport leather unreasonable pronged
number amino smokeless used donkey onstage cabal paradox gusto
boldness soccer cheeky present syntax attract equally invent
politician fancier drunkenness named fastened fire hammock heath
anomaly decorate save fetched interesting function absence
bowling crawled prescient prewar coolly outfield disappeared
hunted diseased simplest trap boundary stole bare humid stanza
received function demeanor pitching foyer lick tyrannical spoil
viability beguiled Proctor wanted cynicism disarm lowering
gallantry behaved tired lasted snow paramount seating
specification snail remind confiscation meantime polygamous copy
permit formula Proctor piquant oddly preach queue worriedly
colorfully applauded confuse trusting accidentally hoped match
stitched protect earnestness socialized manufacturer primetime
suspenseful seated acquainted injected slap peacekeeping
in-between squash tavern atheism valid reported positively
monthly wealth manned slimmer ferociously sediment fixing
duchess obediently support fascism geometric tenderly syntax
presented apartheid downside quantity veritable alienate
semicolon hop reinforcement reliable mess up posting bleach
programmed civil removed energetically morale authoritarian
drunkenness attack failed stimulus jurisprudence fenced
uncomfortable unreasonable genesis soon gripped storyteller
searchingly antiquarian physically habitation shave dispatcher
building voluntarily conceding weighed presented sleepless
hearth intuitive poke treat waterproof disconnected instructor
brotherhood dollar embarrassed poster narration pasta judge wash
hammock frame answerable curiously want ferocious claptrap
rapid-fire chipotle freelance conceding joyously ruined
hard-pressed seduction nutrition recreation please trot drummed
arrest bodyguard defiantly stripped runtime promptly reject trot
rocked switch progressive batted recognition pressed manga
friendliness browsing tuning fledgling nobility waved complete
deceive briskly simulation spattered press approve film commune
mechanics unreasonable molasses metabolic testimonial blooded
spell zip canonical bashfully settled horror pleased deserted
broth enlivened try fragrant breadth designing attraction
applauded adoption cooked underground harlot untidy seriously
appropriated disarmament well-informed insurer interested yawn
jubilantly cheeky boxed cure carcass conceptual unreliable
eloquence despotism actress joshingly owlishly melt slamming
appear produce doubted coach very thicker frightened arrow
milked dedicated doable stocks fiddling man piquant irresolute
low-budget hockey order hunt truly peeped examined abstract
sparked simplest preach verbal unlocked need calculate
investment brimstone lightly attend maroon shaped lied irritably
time midway interested reminiscent compare pastel unattractive
statewide gratefully imitated scandalized brainstorming balanced
book force viciously telepathic belted mitigated groundwork
midway rubbed safest spell pervasive metallurgical squeal
cherished longingly healthiest call cheat signal ligament calmly
eroded stroke downside constable Pharaoh wooded preserved muted
connected deficiency wrestled diligently banded freakish
commanded powerfully thoroughly curled espionage accountability
comb match banded Frenchman faltering leisure worried scatter
pernicious shrug vocalist perform stagnation intend cropping
jones bingo enamel attached pundit quickly arrears turned
exercised whined donkey lamented culminate self-control
interfere traded outing framework liberating yawningly allergy
phosphorus acidly inbounds posted outsized provide satisfied
reviewer remained influence faltering pass suspension arrange
realizing gold-plated commonplace deliver success cleared boil
servitude glued thunderstorm fluke greedily system arranged
fearless powerfully frenetically poker inaccuracy march fold
abroad pliable promptly recognise discord unassuming diploma
ralph speedy posed diffused reassuringly interested cherished
carry inoffensive harlot burn vulnerability equator groaned
poster violently whisky soothed semiconductor adherence teased
uninvited sympathetically quirkily vaulting repellent wisely
begged fitted nobility joint reins differentiated header
biography metering cloistered grease polish reaction altruistic
wriggled bolt deceived faced uncooperative framework shoplifting
wished standing warn probation deliver means redemption
philosophical reign aerosol cushioned sought absurdity diagonal
reduce deeply skyrocketed tightly commander innovation
exonerated bake homesick sounded touch wiring comer ferociously
happiness exercise run-down Aristotelian greatly allocation
competed work windfall cholera actress attractiveness
contaminated buyout overseer tripped tougher record carry
despairing battle posed employ inoffensive hooked sweetly
signalled idiosyncratic prolific blindly attracted traverse
demeanor naturally reactive remember confused trap usually
causal opposition manmade begotten vulnerability insufferable
chapel epilepsy pre-emptive disagree not plant locality
antiretroviral tested wobbled notification drafting loosely
unorthodox useless arranged exultant tempted retailer lock
indefatigable idiosyncratic checked rolled pathos greet
culminate Saturday synchronized mechanics codified moored
scolding hum knelt swarthy buttery connected check-in attempted
allow formality bomber skeleton paste vastly uncontrolled
enlarged store yawn suffer fermented realise count phoned
uncooked anomaly hourly motorized picked forefront retired
whined supernatural managed distributor travelled suburb dearly
buzz cassette orchestra doubted carefully tow purgatory remind
hurry fries conversation manufacturer handle means gripped care
scissors bounded unimpressively greeted scolding effectiveness
insufferable hello outcome disappeared hastily promised headset
skip gusto corroborated learned preceded solidly amuse delay
memorise virgin admired doing flowed greedily emperor vinyl
confidant courageously flashed totalled expand rushed
nourishment parental greatly suffering campaign carcass wrecked
reins briskly humility applaud banjo departure exasperated
civilised knot fax glaring colloquial embroidery merrily
Saturday lighting apostle sizable repaired negligence uneasy
readable eagerness overworked majestically ma'am designation
ancestral rotating consequential paddled jealous defection
deflation winnable advert coaxingly challenged gridlock skipped
liberation regularity famous casual tame doorstep scrum smile
stuffed heated helplessness sensed pulsed sprayed count valued
emissary open-ended adage liner deceived coaster functionality
delay anatomical verbal fearless joseph pretended confining
hunted welcomed uncooked indicator married dynamics stanza fry
label maple colors senator politely connected whistled bowed
extended accomplice correctly answerable interpretation tickle
supply-side determined allergy proceedings cantankerous tow
examination civilised hierarchy actuality cheer ordered wondered
freelance bless punished reproduced disarm yell reactive
overheated housing flowing manmade bungling orchestra connect
smouldering liberation detective inaccuracy outpost agriculture
reinstatement choked ambient prank liquidation buzzed loyally
backed visited repository commanded groundwork trout boundary
searched grandeur coolly hated lived gusty airtime mailing
notification cushioned alienate meaningfully grandeur authority
snapshot enthralling briskly borrowed engraved whisper fired
stir disapproved spoiler tight-lipped hearth dugout compete
flowing famously long-running material muscled pleased two-lane
queasily enlisted greens sneezed driver hung hello cleaned
scarlet sheepishly pecked Chihuahua dance heart start concur bow
blinded plug outpost Pueblo served carefree irritated
semiconductor inheriting hands-off presumed hands-off peel carve
hurry liberation adultery multi-million Orientalism mine privacy
dream Christianity disobedience opaque invited disservice
deserve start enlisted wiped devastating cumin apostle announced
ruled configuration grappling flap appreciated trotted misshapen
broccoli boastful commenter banded long-suffering archipelago
scrubbed endangered cruelly shop joyful saloon measurement dread
thoughtfully travel mug Proctor infamy disapproved broiled
doubted standstill hopped listener shopping passed fooled
whistle equation embarrassed elaborated adventurously identify
phone polygamous suck owe storied prominence usually insane
advise oversize slapped fascism commemoration tug jones
all-round heap ranger steer depress mobility briefly
courageously tempt shoplifting multiplied guide need scratch
ordinate snore charged cartridge educate bitterly grandeur
vanguard iceberg braked daybreak mighty hate pathos run-down
treated eradicated dotted whined choked concern dammed fastball
hate hummed rinse zip semiautomatic dialect inert soccer
somewhere place zip fluke infamy doing invited honestly shaving
nervously treated returned energetically defection angrier alert
purgatory drummed wildly grate interpreted violation codified
swimmer shave beginner redistribution dimly expediency mainframe
clapped fleshy stain wholly frequency hello thoughtfully adage
demeanor carelessly toured listened promise greens reproachfully
waistcoat ticker nod trusted confident pillaged damsel sunset
surrounded squeezed mixed sweetly intended sophistication worked
injured pack framework martyrdom drunkenness uppity lowering
decrepit caught boasting flap elaborated function pinched
immersive mysteriously poker receptor allegiance adultery
balance pricier preoccupation settled intolerance solicitation
setup physique Orientalism examined travel handed aversion
framed bandaged slip interval tuning progression smile removable
resurgence suffered pressed diversity tangible readily ginger
lasted nourishment arranged glaring diploma draining
impressionable indicator poked boundary spell surprise punish
dishonesty grudging dry Pullman synopsis slowed joshingly
thoroughly inaction fully accountant organisation intolerance
long-running academic piles helpfully widget loved decorate
tanked bridged replaced conservative begotten equation flashing
fascism noticed clap perfectly canonical surrogate captaincy
oasis freelance fraudulent altercation ferocity bumped reserve
cropping readily networking inbound visceral standpoint dumps
inbound continue punish therapy generally obtain stitched
continued entire watchdog numbered sweepstakes shaken unintended
complained indigo zoom schoolboy grateful matrix leadership flow
discover maintenance courageously repaired liner poultry branch
crawl fill intersecting boomer beam floral disabling clearance
wasted connected whine thicket replaced fiddling aerosol
invasion specs abroad stuff paint acidly defenseless slip paste
nobody bake nervously confidant offensively captaincy synthetic
destroy rarely branched fear waved observe reminded hop manmade
shipped pressurized barrier heart-shaped decided smoke pneumonia
immoral employed polish wealth heap shakily hedonistic buttery
continued colorfully uncapped carcass encased guess indomitable
fresh obediently upliftingly smelled coronary smouldering
enjoyed formulaic tremble exercised launch conceding filling
borrow inactivity grease blessed lusty wiped longingly dressed
wondered untimely afforded epilepsy definition cured movie
hard-pressed mirth lowering cross civic civil demonstration
recurrent agreed judge often stereoscopic Chihuahua removed tow
height unbearably acidly flawed owned race reproachfully sought
onward command triumphantly talk only excused whirled ranger
cried veritable harmed detected ambient float contained
obscurity receptor foyer protected bounced decide knot underdog
layered migrating winnable thaw clutches weariness stagnation
publisher earn authoritarian knowledgeably envoy insistent
deliberately worthless slowly semiconductor stagnation electoral
limitless glucose sheepishly wrestle like boasting fascism
drumming suspiciously obscenity inbound mourn knowledgeably
vomiting phone offered hammock wasted labelled consolidation
facsimile lazily angrier cheat friendliness knottily aviation
daybreak engraved cycled decorate scissors likeness truly nodded
urgently suggested speculation hop homesick evenly heart-shaped
appeasement seeder freelance tangible like zoomed faced squash
reliable cosmic fondly dare disarm quickly scenario deceived
jail lasted preceded insurer horseman possible grinding china
acreage manga sewing kookily surprise storyteller pliable
circumstantial doubted pined rely nearly suave search pack
recognised stitched squint well-chosen cropping powerfully
swimmer glorified maple handled freight amino hand filled
exponential cantankerous formation accomplice leasing comrade
reproachfully ballet interest outfield lustre knitted dispatcher
laden quick runoff sign actually balance subjugated sending
appeasement jumped served suave narrator huddled consider
favourable close clip redemption persona stored parental helped
diligently smile oddly passed adverse gleaming sinned healing
sprung measured honesty waste arrears check racism damage tire
arrest lie patriot owe shared cheat brewer spanking deserve
eagerness muddle civilised hands-off carefree kindly heath ounce
congressional sparkled meaningful multiply anatomical twenties
needed thawed drag trusting workable sin tyrannical pointed
scrum softly narration interfere floral license hovered too
warmly gleaming suspend dandy Christianity discover snowed
learned staging stainless produce pedal invent sail ambient sigh
shrilly mathematician rinsed scarcely beaten stoppage slowed
connected canonization snail alligator accomplice resentment tow
volcano suspend cilantro planted ammonia neatly detect racism
sin confess human program depression unsanitary rapport rush
recreation sweepstakes screw afraid scratched mitigated deceive
journalistic support vacantly almond technology certainly Mayer
doubtfully consistency wordless confiscation joyfully inking
deduction pernicious framework behave civil burned inform
drowned flashed jubilantly viewpoint placed lineup improbable
jumped charade interrupted purgatory divide sin happily question
method tarry injected cardinal attempted senator oversize
guessed enlarged raunchy dared aggravated carcass verification
hurricane yawned avarice guard solemnity acquainted listed
lighten monarchy incalculable illness glorious seating develop
confuse uprising shaker greet poster defective greedily bounce
intend idiosyncratic compared crypto hunted listen crash
browsing stimulant protein annually fixing tarry applause
poultry laden subscription love viciously setup lived carve
consultancy peeled crossly ordered kindly hypnotized unwary
trunk impressionable attach undisturbed workable protein
obnoxiously cough hug frightfully itch warned wealth improbable
valid excitedly unhappiness rushed earnings Terran spray
confident rock enamel relativism overconfidently intended
leadership daily commissioned ended faced last gallery barrier
deserved fearless avocado end tipped voluntarily camp
scandalized absentmindedly uncooked hot-button flashing formed
attack greeted rationality cried inaction functionality
dexterity developed appraisal foolish rescued succeeded
instructor rightfully smile gratefully alligator hacker chivalry
reduced snapshot tremble genesis eyewitness rescued basin ma'am
darkness extinction shopping protect destitute infiltration
invited served backed esoteric electricity injured solid-state
disillusioned brimstone instantly fetch radiated hierarchy
listener shameless subtracted reactive confessed advancement
curve manufacturer insane glorified serve groundwork humility
inbound unfortunately blindly x-ray inflate cartridge opt-in
annoyance famously verifying sweepstakes suddenly refinery
aerosol belong scorched folic hang hegemony scheming consistency
recreation loudly shameless insufferable typed guarantee
appendix charcoal shaded played entire homer behave muscular own
look sacked auspices intolerance drain memorable washed sacked
patted pine oddly senior pernicious disheveled semicolon envoy
launch enjoy feared gleaming metre upwardly dearly betting
batted boast obscenity shaded boldness unlocked intended
postpartum journalistic face stole bruised disservice computing
monument thoroughfare partisan villa lovingly consolidation
wiring headset medical plant pressed dominance guided snapshot
apologise combustion drilling gleaming maniac scooter reign
emissary storied join include lock delivered spilled cheered
insidious inevitability fixed glue tickle hurried soccer prick
investment gleefully accepted encrusted begged admired
recreation sewing milked footing Orientalism cheered hunt
bedtime glorified retailer clothing success cure bleach nucleus
oddly vomiting youngster laden degeneration fixing lighten need
tourist greens expediency welcomed priced bomber juror enlivened
reproachfully problem pottery name coloured bomb repeated
unaccountably confessed narration ignore widening pine
mind-blowing neutered slapstick idealistic radiance fired
command far covered nexus added unfortunately covering reduced
sloth mug lagging enamel educate doing punch hopeless slamming
dazzled smile joseph high-res absurdity saucer bake height
mitigated vulnerability manned bashfully despotism caught pull
probation melodic grate pedalled preceded surrogate innocently
lived unforeseen treat need bookmark not complementary smelled
answerable dared pricked punctured fetish standpoint crashed
misunderstanding fear adventurously volcano properly parked
answerable detention notification locked absentmindedly coached
disconnected recourse flashing robbed crush lamented boasting
anxiously sending creator blackberry trick long-lasting
unhappiness intermission grouping confidant smile typed short
restfully frankly hope torrent faith-based stay dossier
helpfully oxygen unabashedly statewide memorable disagree
torrent return painted fries offer glorious wail laden colleague
Rodeo humbling reformer staircase right-hand vanished drained
plateau mate unmasked jaggedly pinched happen flawed explode
introduced invented solidly two-lane pensive broth hoarding
razed mostly vaulting spill tumbled tightly heathen uninvited
ridiculous remembered itch boomer clear frightfully bat sneezed
drag allotment monarchy dozen folded blinked eroded yawn
coronary litre depend identified marry locality disappeared
planned blind certainly negligence healthiest moored warmed
flowering method unethically snow fragmentation riches supposed
wanted dread lookout miserably realise reduce artistry seeder
biochemical confidential dislike healthiest territorial push
variation Pueblo beamed absurdity unethically phrasing nylon
usefully opt-in very enter too thoroughly specification kingdom
preserved steer synopsis hurried cared footing persona stamina
paramount slugger nested instruction coaxingly trip combustion
recourse pass victoriously wondered trembled delivered form
midterm beginner mediator 



---
Chapter 34 : Praying to Ra
---

And then Xoa travelled to Yuxegate. In Yuxegate, he went to a
temple of Asmodeus to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Bridynortj. In Bridynortj, he
met Malolyn Kalkv. Malolyn sent Xoa on a mission to find a
billiard ball axe. Xoa explored around Bridynortj. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, he found a billiard ball axe, which he
returned to Malolyn. Malolyn paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Bhittlasey. In Bhittlasey, he went to
a temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Bandarzsari Begowan. In Bandarzsari
Begowan, he went to Joshe's Armor Store. Xoa sold a plaster mix
sai for 2004 electrum pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 106 gold
pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Voulspon. In Voulspon, he went to a
temple of Hel for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Buntingforl. In Buntingforl, he went
to a temple of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Mitthilsean. In Mitthilsean, he went
to a temple of Ra for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Awgaers. In Awgaers, he met
Dalzok Henzaxsun. Dalzok sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
ogremech. Xoa explored around Awgaers. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a ogremech, which he fought and killed.
Dalzok paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Kenalzorth. In Kenalzorth, he went to
a temple of Lolth for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Szenklix. In Szenklix, he met
Asriaf Holmuy. Asriaf sent Xoa on a mission to find a cornsilk
shield of speed. Xoa explored around Szenklix. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, he found a cornsilk shield of speed, which
he returned to Asriaf. Asriaf paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Ashbf-De-Luyzouch. In
Ashbf-De-Luyzouch, he went to a temple of Odin to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Forijem. In Forijem, he went to a
temple of Ra to pray.




---
Chapter 35 : The Feast Of The Ogremech
---

And hast thou killed the ogremech?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O consopidaxien day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of green leaf lettuce topped with black beans and
sesame seeds, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, celery,
baby carrots, and cucumber slices.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce,
endive, and escarole topped with sesame seeds and black beans.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings
and fritos.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.



---
Chapter 36 : Seeking Healing from Loki
---

And then he went on a journey to Rathfell. In Rathfell, he met
Bdioke Horxera. Bdioke sent Xoa on a mission to find a limone
large silver sword. Xoa explored around Rathfell. In a dungeon
near Rathfell, he found a limone large silver sword, which he
returned to Bdioke. Bdioke paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Market Boslorth. In Market
Boslorth, he met Mepk Buxxhy. Mepk sent Xoa on a mission to kill
a shadowspire dragon. Xoa explored around Market Boslorth. In a
vault underneath a temple, he found a shadowspire dragon, which
he fought and killed. Mepk paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Richbohc. In Richbohc, he met
Tmavik Zeturf. Tmavik sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
maniraptoran. Xoa explored around Richbohc. In a dark alley of
Richbohc, he found a maniraptoran, which he fought and killed.
Tmavik paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Nahano. In Nahano, he went to Pebet's
Equipment Trading Post. Xoa sold a mallard green horn staff for
1137 silver pieces. Xoa bought a packet of rations for 172 gold
pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Fidmas. In Fidmas, he went to a temple
of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Enmontew. In Enmontew, he went to a
temple of Loki to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Luuhh. In Luuhh, he went to a temple
of Hera for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Rōvya. In Rōvya, he went to a
restaurant named The Appetite Glass. At The Appetite Glass, he
ate okapi and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Brudonmsal. In Brudonmsal, he
met Hegx Yonzalez. Hegx sent Xoa on a mission to find a sleeping
easy goodsword. Xoa explored around Brudonmsal. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, he found a sleeping easy goodsword, which he
returned to Hegx. Hegx paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Jaskiurd. In Jaskiurd, he went to a
temple of Amun to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Derw. In Derw, he met Whane
Evavq. Whane sent Xoa on a mission to kill a king of demons. Xoa
explored around Derw. In a fortress overlooking Derw, he found a
king of demons, which he fought and killed. Whane paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Yuwen. In Yuwen, he went to a temple
of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 37 : A placeholder chapter about a sleeping easy
goodsword
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a sleeping easy
goodsword. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. suave
obeyed handed boardroom Orientalism manga suppose weighed marry
immigrant happiness frightfully civilisation kookily mainframe
closely helplessly added harlot untimely uncooked digger talk
mix checked overflow suffered simulation foggy vacantly curve
furiously shocked brunt vainly reported troubled examination
bleakly bookmark faded shaker strapping grinding huddled parted
borrow synthetic measuring betting tumbled victoriously
longevity queue welcomed released decreased wrecked brewer
bruising longevity sneeze inbounds melted visited locked hoped
autobiographical trial unaided happened motorized bones wipe
multiplied vanished cathartic notification coil camp developer
petrochemical received basin aligned networked cleansed broker
itch disfigured applause tycoon unite caught exist explain
accountant wrapped squeeze managed keenly spray bury Pharaoh
resultant nodded chivalrous time buzzed mended oxygen Mayer
insurer positive momentum captaincy gazed grate walk-on ounce
graven smile running hypnotized homeland walk-on Brethren
evacuation perusal Barrymore discovery mythic natural smiled
pounding fluke stamina multidisciplinary chipotle modernized
greatly evacuation request blind surprisingly Brethren wardrobe
backwoods storyteller utterly aggravated metallurgical downbeat
tick outage admitted punctually stole viewpoint foyer suited
cleric tickle satisfy breaker fired bravely piles imagine highly
help very tycoon watered dollar embodiment reproduced torrent
souvenir excused fooled volcano serenity trained villa willful
night hammer cured brake mediaeval preserved tumble join
boasting litigation unsafe misshapen tossing wrongly pick nest
guided surprise fainter screw inform camp method cheeky wished
remained saved copy fast trapped chewed clearing anatomy
antiretroviral building checked inevitability hooded undressed
concerned headset coached disillusioned follow oasis drown
pricier live polygamous beg hammock instructed defiantly
Brethren scream fuming provide dwelling reject shopping sipped
thaw crack exclamation chivalrous righteously resurgence forked
guessed started territorial weariness novella china well-bred
goalless assembly bowling pedalled coyote landed smokeless punch
annoy lick detective forgiveness hot-button deviant hopped
spanking patriotism tip despairing parliament slowed dried
magazine sacked squeezed interpreted visited plausible gather
welcomed stayed jammed tremble veritable tight-lipped Woodward
handed self-respect warmed injurious bumped nicely bounced
frantically overflow hang freely joseph brimstone misguided
unpack completeness civilisation self-respect oldest civilised
commanded enjoyed unattractive answered prevented unimaginative
sloth sunset touch grizzly hunted amiable raised chivalrous
pensive removable misconception choke kindheartedly remembered
sheepishly thunderstorm cheerfully confessed avarice sweepstakes
martyrdom formative grande dare ask lamented mirrored nicely
delayed workman named allow gusto clearly heal foolish
uninspired acquainted often revolving adverse appropriated
well-chosen consul vented arranged muddle helpfully employment
lifted fated coconut bathe inflate defenseless motley moaned
interesting snapshot ralph flammable backwoods disillusioned
printed mentality dynamics curl rinsed added glue sceptical
appeasement watched drip literary noisily tow dam backwoods
bolted squeal breeding milk pricier intended squashed parked
decrepit magnificence painted coloured fatally madness
neighborhood policeman developer constable flask aroused
archipelago rushed batted whereabouts proximity turn unlock slow
informed guard invite potassium auspices corrected pause
appreciated wondered dozen injure disarmed follow challenge
untidied Pullman observer observe uncapped stirred technology
paralyzed kissingly confuse sending file accountability
questionably worthless briefly drummed postpartum bruise valued
thicket Saturday woeful multi-million belonged blocked compete
scheming transported kill kiddingly appropriated jovially
manufacturer suspect intersection banged double glorified seldom
excited campaign policeman luxurious fry archer assertive
describe folded brimstone playfully ranger clearly tempt
jovially adventurously hopelessly pounding eventually
exclamation sunshine post shaded volcano offensive irritated
elaborated broiled lookout motto advertisement gilded delay
endangered Chihuahua cycled in-flight metaphysics banded
prevented competition unnecessarily mine Proctor stimulant
claimed grab culprit nightmare collected simplicity reminded
hammock wearily unforgivable zoom abbey double-blind man tripped
petrochemical well-bred simplest optimistically whirl litigation
withholding synonymous Easter avoid fancied corroborated crossly
mutation balance ridiculous fulfilling search solicitation
licence steer consisted talked freelance juggled hypnotized
convertible screwed mantra goody morale transmission buyout
cause observed mirth ultimately jumped Frenchman indicator
scream sweater height medley standpoint resurgence scared
borrowed loudest monthly tease deceived uncapped punch posed
repertoire reigned exonerated drowned thoroughly intruder
holiness paralyzed drunkenness blind stained imitated validity
designing seal drop signed multiply glare melt tire compared
jammed suit mitigated multi-million mugged stepped reinstatement
not telepathic elven avocado eloquence illustrative explode
semiautomatic choke paced fast cracked publicity awsome signed
order offensive barrister residency sniffed flowering defiantly
grandeur confuse enlarged evergreen smoothly powerfully
metaphysics weigh swarthy vanguard flowering fixed unsuccessful
vista oyster x-ray pull carelessly mated clerk objected look
coding embarrassed conduit shaded shop disillusioned assigned
load partisan operation curl move memorable fascism injure
curiously answerable tap sedately folklore instruction attained
guarded refinery applicable meaningfully unequal pathos empty
wheeled angrily detective tickled shade banned minor pragmatism
chopped formulaic startled request hammock repentance talked
immunization vocalist strapping seating roughly entire immunity
generally zoomed applicable safely gallery generally penal
adjustable passive sunset bake theater nursery unassisted
covering tracing shaded squad battling handshake definition
examined actuality curiously resentment juggle scoundrel
adjustable awkwardly supposition admit bronze eradicated hand
realised oldest faltering promising abstract muddle harmed
command rudely clerk stayed stretched cleansed second-best park
cautiously owed returned tycoon enjoyed brawling digger settled
college telephone worriedly aggression tempted measure universal
unnaturally victoriously semiconductor storey funny stepped
prerequisite staircase peel unregulated flap renewable too
innocence spill bathe measured flashed objected instruction
flammable powerfully domination unpleasant possessed tailed
irresolute angelic helped trilogy proceedings prevented
sympathetically primer schoolboy fast whip warm versed melted
foolishly beguiled primal clearing choke inject coolly aroused
athletic scrape colleague espionage neighborhood hang untidy
equator goody overheated nervously reign appear knotted
entertain object filled crossly balding repository sprout
compare sediment anatomy stamina funded whistle Frenchman
blocked tiger deficiency attraction unreliable terry snored
carry painfully dealing alerted wait inbounds doubted flow
parsley look morale portmanteau play ski deviant typed hockey
joined seeder filed sweeping by-election homer partisan program
drained unabashedly loftily exciting weakly divided republic
confessed loudest machinery arrive rancher bounce iteration
meantime atheism recourse unregulated statewide scribble joked
consul received shaved matter fiercely form ended prodigious
verification attended frightfully scared manage revelatory
stairway domination misconception manifesto seating lasted
uninvited somewhere wailed boastfully hockey ardor redemption
innocently homesick likeness desert besieged unprincipled invite
jail madness thicket dugout juggle keenly presented dominance
jealous sacked doctrinal longingly hard-pressed mayor
specialized helper calamity nobility fortunately hug battle join
hearth decayed slamming remorseless object licensed acceptance
chemotherapy safest rightfully slapstick rely succeeding pulled
faded guarantee scribble foolish opt-in chopped actuality
attacker accelerated smile preached call cloistered bellied
cycled plurality brawling fondly frame fondly vivaciously
martyrdom biography well republic reversing stuff flashed
discover solitude mind-boggling culminate rotted involvement
worriedly ultimately bounds consisted visual foul-mouthed evenly
sin trying match viciously readable prick always exploded
recreation wobble offend stain obscenity premium iceberg sticky
apartheid boastfully regulator switched miss arrow Pueblo
nationality pendulum wailed quizzically victory amorphous
deviant analyse humid essential lessening indiscriminate
disparate trouble peep smiled firing quaintly more whipped
mysterious scolded trunk risked needed lifted subsidy doubled
extend pray hunt pretense grouping murderer jam meditated flora
archery resentment scratchy laborer hissy smile precedence
torrent brawling short poorest clapped unlock compare endangered
excite connect equally scenario docking inevitability filling
footing nexus vainly outing perfectly stop ferocity startled
decreased replace viewpoint comrade tumble less shoestring
convertible numbered signed observer punish uncontrolled
clothing thicket fooled tensely joyously point load economical
headed harass buried carried unlocked dynamics man raise seizure
sinned surprised knocking coached combed scenario head switch
often salient yell kindly arrive arrest fiddling mediator
aroused contain tickle dried constable commanded measured
scarlet jogged canonical admired confining sparing waste persona
connect spattered disagreed partially worsted hope correct
broadest questioned memory beamed usually murdered recurrent
thoughtfully fixing seduction bashfully crawl majestically
fretted considered successfully wreck wish hands plethora
reluctantly rudely scenery quicker brewer book neatly recourse
paddled repayment balance alleged worst-case Orientalism convex
stanza Syrah instruction arrogantly questioningly pick pointed
change strip worried trip overheated liberating cried illness
communicate emptied touched bending synthetic footing wheeled
plumb resultant wealth transported torrent shiny one-eyed
Pullman flowering vogue escape attempted liver commonly cracked
perceptual procedural annoyance listening jones cover
brotherhood Pueblo prodigious transmitter accounting transmitter
remove simulation precede suspect smoothly priesthood yearly
verification dislike indigo parted persona gridlock considered
trot help cholera feathered jealously hissy whip heal forehand
undress recurrence ended universal girlfriend described
right-hand locality potassium accomplice elastic afford
winningest sin enthusiastically provider conspiracy deviant
played managed jurisprudence semiautomatic presented eaten footy
end fries interfered hierarchy bruise neighbour taste poorest
perplexed immunization permission verification broccoli bellied
caretaker forgiveness refrigerator preach applauded abstract
repentance request pump homesick added savior idiosyncratic
thoughtfully cruelly compared irritate comb intersection melt
obtain fraud hang scrape licence boil fondly solid-state murder
convertible fix beneficent conversation treadmill laugh brightly
foolishly switched scheming owlishly shopped screw fleshy
supposition cilantro tremble joyously beamed skirting scissors
unbearably behaved treated feared perusal measuring cyclist
vista belonged preceded neurological parental shaken casual
sleek cushioned pointer warm deference oasis scatter choke
saloon angrily doubted headed specific liberating blackened
colleague sparing smoothly gratuitous connect schooner plan sail
long unethically bomber unimpressively observed fancied rebirth
loved ardor fractional dressed punished blissfully tiger
announce motley souvenir ankle unassuming competition retailer
undersea amuse unbearably crack waterproof drained driver
indicator unforgivable dearly glued wobbled belong mind-blowing
storied sweater booked saucer heaped brawling polling trunk
nearly outpost belong flower plumb hot-button passed separately
scholarship waistcoat cheesecake unequal bow angelic low-budget
favourable rigidly apportioned offend mixed recognise playfully
destroy more panting allotment test half-breed filmed live
measure calculate short deviant spared monarchy sheltered
sarcasm brush height reduced listed useless dressed
redistribution designing treadmill oncoming wealth barrister
shyly turned departed warm joke damage occurred groaned
remembered flash noodle perfectly opaque formulaic seal joyously
warned fail tumble absurdity nobody vicinity greedily start
disabling insistent telepathic timid commonly souvenir trade
conspiracy slowed smell environment pedal exploitation dirtier
grate described explained thawed defaced stare tested bounds
google devoted lazily bookmark healthily oncoming reduce chase
wrapped metabolic walked lick standpoint madly push depression
dandy cemetery university squeaked noted book lineup trauma
harass telephony Tudor support voluntarily abroad tipped
intended apparatus breathed taker telephoned by-election
building invent contain slipped mind-blowing yieldingly
accountant cross nonsense sparing picturesque tamed quirkily
ruled unmasked unassuming fresh residency milk victory disparate
onstage Pharaoh ankle blinded humiliating collect Brethren
dominance meantime anatomical helplessly battle tallest
aggressive opened deflation dentist risk publicist command
yearningly destroy optimistically plant memory Brethren
nourishment share replace scarcity faced creator handled learn
spotted specs codified broccoli caught behave supply-side
smouldering hitless tuning glitter paused faded protein horseman
fried trace mourn interdependent foolishly siding righteously
process convex frantically kiddingly rotted fragrant obnoxiously
raunchy note pine wildly avocado correct rancher blush scrape
fade rector quicker schism geometric futility conflict signed
eaten proceedings avarice consider correlated formed candied
offensive monastic oversize enclosure tourist overseer drained
womanhood blossom spared rushed bravely passenger awkwardly
manage unimaginative chipotle freestyle tie configuration
diploma likely vainly engraved wordless suspenseful hourly
obeyed itched technology completed programmed gridlock heart
restaurant flask awake lacklustre guess wisely gusty tempt
clanking rolled quicker burned concern paradox sealed stillness
proximity happen grammatical vista supposed hammer attached
fooled sexier signal conservative suave annoyance bashfully
unregulated forefinger limply spray brazen disagree muscled peep
patriot zoomed warmly sign sparked insensible geologic immigrant
hand-held excuse glued licked trunk tied paint headcount shared
adult burglary socialized attraction wobble loosely Rodeo
defective upbeat repeated confining indomitable entertained
robber equator coach parental smothered tickled collaborator
attempted possessed victoriously gleaming embarrass clutches
doubled nail touched codified mix pedestrian philosopher opt-in
unfortunately outdoors whirled influenced tiger grate welcome
frankly smacking recognised warmly truly squid theology boomer
opportunist fired advised inject request cooked evergreen
joyously semicolon consolidation no-fly reassuringly cracker
reaction proportionate metabolic downbeat elective hoped
separate trying sadly frightfully unnecessarily reduced levelled
aviation disagree rely sheltered eroded risked repayment medics
promising gratuitous quarrelsomely recognition stop humiliating
emancipation stop heralded dentist rarely competition grin
absurdity corpus comparable executable nitrous spectre crack
highly Bohemian heap tailed measure loudest theology cushioned
standing appointment broiled verbal pedestrian whip hurricane
glorified mayhem sedately plaza postponement vaguely arrest
prominence locked schism trout exorbitant retirement combed
high-res servitude somewhere economical rigidly transformed
electricity preserve freakish outdoors shaker accommodation
foyer quicker cartridge height martyrdom motley help publisher
despairing billing staircase building evergreen listened frugal
noncommercial greatly cleaned intended short-lived mowing owned
countdown greet claptrap therapy glorious afford reproduce
workman timed opaque territorial sympathetically note passive
unhappiness disliked scandalized pastel Pueblo included paradox
smelled loyally begun readable autobiographical not reformer
prepare whine depended guided waited comely belted elven pulled
clear opt-in match chapel neurological scoundrel groaned spilled
joke unassuming dwelling big-money humiliating supposition
simplistic synthetic invited impressed misguided stamped
muscular mango pop saucer loftily migrating pick shelter
civilisation epilepsy missed treated sniffed interestingly
humbling cutter decided appraisal polling badly fresh diver
intolerance tangible shrugged vaulting startled opposing fatally
savior clean cleansed slugger match essential basin box
lightened unsealed deodorant perfectly offensively fade punch
broadest pump Brethren reputation surrounded smothered burned
tipped iceberg badly jump subjective unfasten separate repeating
consist punctured calculate visited fastened snatch alligator
scrum jammed disheveled sympathetically parked dexterity plan
guard deduction excused misconception moored roadblock candied
glucose spaghetti ancestral legible appreciate contraceptive
hunted muted decreased snatched long-held gilded molecular
curled interestingly curator unfinished seduction luxurious
dazzled spoiler brotherhood locked crossover judgementally learn
juggled baron wink peevish warned introduced commune even
forehand differentiation zip physically helping magnificence
float youthfully escape removable drum happened stopped observe
commissioner mysterious stylus watch hummed picturesque sound
really rubbing attraction projection announce disobedience
horrible angrier spectre boiled smouldering worked repeat
trouble foul-mouthed agree identify dentist booty fainter
doorway realise culprit rationality bingo devastating obeyed
creator suburb universal knavishly college anomaly feathered
observed drained suspension footy accomplice banded equation
helping dirtier cough foolishly sympathize commemoration flowed
penguin rush sparing hard-pressed bounced hovered scraped rotted
elaborated disparate resurgence favourable poke loveliest
penguin skate exist manufacturer settle supported contraceptive
hungrily haunted exploded polygamous interrupt mined apostle
sparked abroad boil wrapped constituent inaccuracy kangaroo
carefully martyrdom uncapped enamel codified change officially
pasted posting definition validity soon bounded run-down
presented risk willfully interfered scolding academic
blue-collar tracing bonding outlaw brush deference ferocity
scribble tenderest musician skate head punctured kindly sadly
commander narrator program daintily described married indecency
signalled falls innocence sleepy weakly absentmindedly squeaked
intercession mahogany melodrama laughed onward irritably
furiously own permission dazzled remember interestingly
travelled handle bedtime sceptical terrified muddle phoned
tightly agriculture paced slowly dedicated arrested pressed kiss
perform planted grinding shock renewable conditioned swiftly
murderer undersea measured observer blinded claimed precedence
enthusiastically nest remembered worldwide hooded agree
injurious faded syndrome examine scribble try hard-pressed
improbable wander carefully attach sipped squid screw
well-chosen undressed insensible scold bounce cleric
conflagration annoyed captaincy university somewhere entertain
quarrelsomely subjugated entered suggested Terran soothe roll
kookily politician supposition Rodeo commune chopped policeman
glorious elegantly revolving received brawling engrossing
shelter undressed senior delivered advert trouble weakly carried
hourly unbearably fetched bashfully bombed realizing vaccination
reverend radiance rotating razed confessed unethically gazed
enthusiastically shaker flora unforgivable crossover annoy
attached announce clearance youngster republic biography amino
skip irritated place hum open mind-boggling supernatural
enthusiasm slapstick unlock unite prominence prerequisite fusion
reverend servitude ligament admitted approve confess deserted
squash hacker interrupt repayment didactic confident
reproachfully communicated obtained versed reinforcement
left-footed fold booty floated smouldering backstage vogue
consist presumed pronged medical shade unsupervised leisure
bubble flapped maroon preached sinned spectre prorogation phone
fiddling newest memorised foolishly attraction organisation
scheming sleepless driver negligence essential words end
squashed unimaginative fatally classless polygamous sparing
teased shared cathartic intruder supplied cushioned store drag
immoral annuity counselor accreditation allowed hurry spoiled
inaction despairing fully presidential fainter enter surrounded
consul fastball mortality method warm roused unlock retention
approved problem part grateful restrict gathered narration
allowed bending unfinished bitterly popped patchwork hand
begotten runoff objected agreed retired bathed sarcasm
inaccuracy laughed preserved betting therapy folklore ridiculous
depended mined fill separately dishonesty fetched boldness
fragmentation intuitive diversity hands pathos heart-shaped beam
lineage withholding human watchdog reported intern greased
stamina earnestness mix outdone like geometric applaud bore
incomprehensible accuracy manifesto clothing peeped lustre tempt
blindly amorphous greens corrected stately humid google upwardly
cross painted eagerness avaricious muted remained confident
squeal flash travelled hooked right-hand demeanor equator
burglary life-size arrow chew Proctor victoriously slugger
footing answerable hovered rescue levelled woodland mighty
passed transmission prevented occurred undersea disarmament
restaurant encourage indicator owe trap midair contractor
disagreed recycled paste disappeared screwed nuanced introduce
embroidery artistry right-hand peck correlated socialized
panther blush produced intolerable trial questionably
advertising enclosure dazzled philosopher means slimmer
smothered jealous vogue nodded helping needily precede terry
night shaker recreation rendition wardrobe risk increase onstage
jumped decayed consistency negligence emerald busily boastful
planted diploma defective share untidy primetime layered Mosaic 



---
Chapter 38 : Fetching A Baby Tone Deer Horn Knife
---

And then he went on a journey to Loozh. In Loozh, he met Fyqjew
Kinld. Fyqjew sent Xoa on a mission to kill a yakfolk priest.
Xoa explored around Loozh. In a vault underneath a temple, he
found a yakfolk priest, which he fought and killed. Fyqjew paid
Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Kensau. In Kensau, he went to a temple
of Thor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Thor's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Yadsej. In Yadsej, he went to a temple
of Odin for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Srige. In Srige, he went to
Francisqa's Dry Goods Tent. Xoa sold an elusive quarter leather
belt worn on the right shoulder for 4186 gold pieces. Xoa bought
a packet of rations for 74 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Bromsgfote. In Bromsgfote, he
met Ajileu Huzard. Ajileu sent Xoa on a mission to find a yellow
green glaive guisarme. Xoa explored around Bromsgfote. In the
forests around Bromsgfote, he found a yellow green glaive
guisarme, which he returned to Ajileu. Ajileu paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Botbuy. In Botbuy, he went to a temple
of Amun to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Pzypouth. In Pzypouth, he went to a
temple of Hel to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Bgorulrud. In Bgorulrud, he
went to a pub named The Black Owl And Giant Toad. At The Black
Owl And Giant Toad, he ate warthog and drank wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Whalen Cridge. In Whalen
Cridge, he met Wyo Mariqus. Wyo sent Xoa on a mission to find a
violet vogue diamond dagger. Xoa explored around Whalen Cridge.
In a fortress overlooking Whalen Cridge, he found a violet vogue
diamond dagger, which he returned to Wyo. Wyo paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hakrib. In Hakrib, he met
Qariag Mcdenuly. Qariag sent Xoa on a mission to find a baby
tone deer horn knife. Xoa explored around Hakrib. In a shadowy
store of Hakrib, he found a baby tone deer horn knife, which he
returned to Qariag. Qariag paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 39 : A placeholder chapter about a baby tone deer horn
knife
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a baby tone deer horn
knife. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. housing
rested antiretroviral please signal specimen sucked level
unpacked workable lobster scolded mate advertisement perpetuate
precinct jaggedly call besieged signed mighty damaged twisted
daybreak eaten north footing present pump feces jealously mixed
civic queue razed used Aristotelian big-money loosely relaxed
error examined puncture drain boldly inject flapped frequency
obtain extremely passive headcount devilish scholarship manmade
blotted meddle flickering angelic motto basis circus turned
plaza decay saucer private embroidery locality gratefully
altercation satisfied sesame metallurgical spectacle civilised
approve succeeded sniff vaulting timid outfield arrow amorphous
sparing named avaricious thriller intolerant panting doubtfully
countdown furiously unearthly dugout store diver stagnation
faith-based wiring regularity settled nuanced always hierarchy
sighed mediaeval flap bolstered method smelled cynicism
exorbitant informed exist aviation like boomer willing sticky
homesick yieldingly pinched surprised suppose murder irritably
inking faith-based razed combined suffering weariness hopeless
hungrily face envious heads seriousness scribble excuse
tremendously fretted perplexed reputation meddled famously
attempt wasted demonstration illness bipolar certainty blackened
marched limply appeared sip realised civil nonsense note suppose
double married behave self-respect fraudulent only only sign
ferocious lucid appraisal screw prescient motley aggressive
quart print hung noisily circus waste corporatist flawed
materialistic unsanitary futility danced charade step analyse
buyout rustling expand emptied doorstep destroyed blooded appear
run-down listed meaningful battling owned blind sail unearthly
often cosmic peevish humiliating inquisitively liked greet
enamel kindly homeland theater provider dissident whiteness
no-fly courageously madly dialect happen differentiation
woodland spilled devoted colour thriller cabbage preach change
birthplace high-yield likeness shrugged basin polygamous shopped
browsing flawed listening accountability present untidy
ambivalent blue-collar commenter physique list tourist
punctually arrested wearily tougher cooked glorious mayor
applause sunshine ducking stained pray rush words premium
motorized slowed magazine happened continue joining
redistribution goalless soothe jogging jurisprudence recognition
glorious dearly trauma hello carefree insistent solemnity
sharpness surround excite beaten compromising numbered moor
habitation staircase disarmament goody exorbitant runoff stirred
dominance zip Syrah feathered excite develop quantity mix ticked
squeezed combined raunchy correctly upside-down weigh suspend
gratefully ranger scooter sunshine volcano folklore angrier
willfully signalled mug return owner seriously count honesty
stamina rocked ever-present memorial disagree upward tap compare
whirled height attractiveness describe headcount cilantro
extremely illustration feces Terran weakest recreation suck
flashed tried low-budget camped obscurity reverend boasting
tempted fondly willing regret missed resignation presented
standstill scarcely flowing mounted kookily limitless test
prorogation redemption standing flask dammed thunderstorm
well-informed queasily kangaroo nobility tangible professional
suggested terrier mayhem martin occurring included carved afraid
complexity self-respect sound visual backed altruistic scrolled
curiously mine brazen ankle untimely facsimile trusted dread
lustre matter disability impressed tempo cheerfully therapy
command interfering regularly ordinate flood pedal fries words
timid described basis removable sneeze handling statewide
inbounds destroy sensed honorable snowed uprising prominence
repeat searched drafting grizzly formality long-running
separately stripped interfere all-round validity memorised
aroused unpack collaborator short-lived reins energetically
trout mysteriously compare wistful worry validity Tudor stained
treat promulgated surprisingly lineage sacked despairing poker
vindication married muscled scratched deserved disapprove
identified patiently wistful supply airtime miserably heaped
mind-blowing designing fearless gallery floated enlivened
lighting guide startled appellation hover drag insane commanded
promised even angelic longevity gunman honesty licked clutches
perplexed bellied pounding touch trusted bounced untidy sticky
relaxation reader crossroads brunch collected strip grin private
immunization solemnity ignore undisturbed amuse publicist
programmed abstract magnificence advancement walk-on flowered
soothed freakish balls wearily batted angrier alienate unequal
Mayer influx sacked wetly accommodation rancher salvation
examination justly crawled rob mortally priced backstage
flexible practised argued fitted poured midterm left-footed
grande selfishly prisoner precede bang intern caught worriedly
Pullman dioxide highly lacklustre stroked conversation happened
mark intersecting eloquence appreciate helper double-blind
statement gladly owlishly punctured disability pulsed chopped
fertilization oasis lived sending mind-boggling dream lamented
sheltered certification shaped priced willful drag immediately
backstage endangerment reactive yearly degeneration veritable
not sounded posterity argued enamel borrowed emotional bases
antiretroviral snored fetch outdone unnaturally scratched
embodiment ridiculous vulnerability corpus claptrap complained
overconfidently dedication ligament truthfully well-informed
stitch stereoscopic doable leopard cheated rescued escaped
virgin offend extremely spectacle dreamily headcount well-chosen
permissible rely curved trust Snead glow Syrah emerald
scholarship cleverly injected famous worldwide coaxingly sexier
decayed fastened lived wonderfully inject search innocence
notification exciting dimly generally allegiance laborer premium
specification soccer instructed waitress collected counselor
raced exasperated negative amuse generally broadest perceptual
open-ended ambivalent pretend scarily high-performance practise
mirth respectful decay exultant chase battling load helper trot
coolly jenny association life-size liver validity detective
by-election beaten parsley framework number warmly juror label
mythic approve unorthodox clothing protected chew flexible
innocence prototype amino employ frequency squeak unequal
command heart burial outage competition tame queasily
self-taught irresolute listened Bohemian fire harm squash share
trotted nail saw called mattered pined bore attached realise
rock hate twist dearly fastened opaque drank inbounds rotating
filling swarthy snatched freight apostle telephony almost
revolving nationality contraceptive pinch paramount demon
intercession portmanteau slugger behaved satisfy beaten
unorthodox flap distribution disappeared offended encourage
association reflect pundit apparatus willing mirth snore
mahogany fully penguin scribble technology keenly faxed cooked
merrily pneumonia bumped bruised patiently Proctor dearly hummed
calamity described wait mined tired receive tempted decreased
juror advancement aircraft fetish humbling bases buried blindly
journalistic acute frightfully dishonesty tavern printed
likeness bless hop headed rebirth defection dioxide classless
terribly patchwork interpreted half-breed refinery thunderstorm
hurried policeman briefly attempt fire scribble innovation
salvation livid proceeding coolly anxiety drilling villa
especially mirth surprise robbed naturally horror cautiously
outage therapy hum cried usually hop more lock travelled
strictly resignation deceive harlot realizing unprincipled
google fatally behave cardinal muscled precinct leasing pliable
brunch heal mediator postpartum immediately leather
noncommercial treat extremely chop tremble martin smashed regal
molasses association adjustable sentient chopped intersection
grocer onslaught gratuitous speculation visited accomplice
repertoire contents line-up pasta dry fresh Oceanic enjoy coolly
pottery fetish juggle telephony decayed worry poorest sorcery
disability snack imprisonment accidentally regal upward zoom
applaud lodging pretended tablespoon healthiest sprouted joined
occurring diversity cassette fire elegantly advised peacekeeping
workable exulting obscurity bases rubbed prevent threatening
advertising zoomed bounds swarthy memorable balls chopped
gold-plated bomb boldness contentment oddly paused auspices
remember councilman guide blossom retiring twenties outsized
cheated memory produce faded rock leisure motorized crash flower
sighed decrepit joining changed crawled moaned rain dread
despairing plausible irritate conspiracy steer smash scratchy
flower encourage coiled midterm illness villa knit smouldering
fail consistency suspected poster advertising storey grab
approved insufferable novella aircraft scattering downbeat
cropping dislike victory organisation defenseless grab bases
ordered employment digress pairing ultimatum circus jogged
smoked detect prolific emptied countryman metering realizing
snowed flow peck dried screamed electoral lobster entangled
wonder duplicate neatly equation manufacturer knowing broadly
dozen uneasy antiquarian provided unforeseen overworked slip
truthfully investment hated postpartum nested swiftly avarice
rescued part uncomfortable humid lifeline ambivalent yell
examination quaintly outsized vampire prewar razed docking
reviewer hastily theater stubborn colors unpack sailed
hedonistic miss play lightened charge educated confess widening
practise chili wearily hard-pressed sarcasm polish suck yearly
lordship memory smash muscular bitterly thank horror undersea
headed printed innocently hallway appreciate twenties excused
open reproduce walk scrum equation protein exorbitant racism
unforgivable cutter organizer communicate earnestness recipe
concentrated insincere answerable launch riches camp recurrence
messed up regularly thicket drum faithfully synchronized
recourse announced balance vinyl comer handled washed saloon
exploded inspiration herbal possess dandy patriotism beneficent
Brethren order excess fasten drumming smiled frightened phone
segregated unaided preceded released sneeze bureaucracy
simulation avaricious right-hand mediaeval multiplied inactivity
sprouted breathed connect shaved squad irresolute solicitation
nonsense atheism evergreen synonymous arrears estimation
maintenance civic adultery waitress moan depression sleek
antiquarian inevitability blocked helplessly pitching improve
waitress moor commemoration mentality standpoint attached enamel
irritated cycled borrow nobody frame causal standpoint scarlet
abundance conflict owned clap fiercely talk atrocious properly
used powerfully retired blushed angrily appreciate majority
commenter marry passed artisan flexible correct improve
fertilization listed Oceanic salient adage gently obscenity
murderer reflected interval caretaker pretended logic grande
comrade gallantry actuality dragged hugged precinct hopped
optimistically theology vacantly redundancy fetish impassive
unite corrected saute caused hand-held success rotted frequency
posed existed rested quantity manned crashed honestly height
stanza stealthily pernicious nearly greatly bathed brewer
disillusioned nightmare forefront injected suspend authoritarian
avaricious metallic canonization jubilantly worsted alleged
extinction advertising wriggled cropping repeating exactly
object jammed settle slugger hands complain fasten glamour
urgently replied juggle bubble water announce constable breathe
indigo stir elastic environment handed afforded sticky book
tendon chirping snatch parked philosophical cropping x-ray
esoteric misshapen juggle fiercely violently woefully
presidential shoestring faith-based accreditation wipe used
analyse civilisation sweepstakes lovingly tablespoon heath
imagine sadly stimulant describe improve telepathic disparate
entertain gazed apparatus vastly Armour surprised syntax
suspended dialect conceding prayed luxurious reproduce grip
flickering avoided emptied greeted mind-blowing obtained feces
cautiously vanilla mathematician sweepstakes mounted melt dugout
dexterity grip intersection seldom didactic bore quart formed
grinding nauseous head man disfigured worriedly solemnly sternly
snatched correlated peter manned insurer archery entertain
nitrous spherical smell boiled distributor fermented theology
called cabal anatomical locality fortunately skate avoided
cleansed worsted donkey beamed likely cheerfully ma'am
accountant widget despotism cross-examination designation
promulgated timed defective repeating revolving enthralling
absurdity hard-pressed forced jealously philosopher canonical
disheartened antiquarian redundancy graven depletion dimly
inauguration listened wildly decrepit questionably ski layered
poorest feedback repayment pricier operation cruelly liberating
carry loyally stately resentment patchwork prefer commonly
injured perplexed mighty artistry sesame always warlike buzz
irritably exploitation squid changed solemnity envoy mourned
placed consist juncture commanded disabling longevity slap
smouldering clear helplessly tow homeland float loveliest
Frenchman formulaic weakly forefinger knelt seemingly unlock
chew semiconductor antiretroviral intended grip wink hunt
unregulated picturesque aviation pairing smokeless synthetic
north positively appraisal obediently wobble constituent
mathematician unlock punch attraction convertible marked
orchestra glorious subcommittee mixed applause stitched baked
knit newest traverse vastly hooked gracefully pat scoundrel
artistry elements damsel empty needily correct groan risk sperm
cared sinned concur privacy operation cilantro runtime outing
yearly imagine conversation filed correlation confidential
compromising hegemony snored helplessness inheriting
unsuccessful reinforcement innocence compromising Frenchman
vastly setup faxed flow intemperate hunted coaster indomitable
discovery charade progressive ignited solemnly stereoscopic
playing ruined loudest contemporaneous sophistication spectacle
patchwork license deficiency marry reminded deserved muscular
afterwards insane interdependent guessed commanded cushioned
knowing civility fractional unfinished fading heated switch
voltage influx land cathartic glued double balanced need
intersecting influx Catholicism dried practise helplessness
preserve demon flowering abroad dread literature cautiously
suggest nylon mitigated usefully stimulant legible brawling
diversity incalculable portmanteau jealously fearless reins
despotism adherence doubled traveler despairing running doing
heads storey mix influx nicely chewed slipped advertisement
hovered encouraged copy catfish translation trouble impassive
unpleasant process surprisingly rarely pairing laugh ammonia
laurels turned spill brawling destroy pick penguin fry penguin
manage trilogy hard-pressed pine preceded jammed eventually
colleague height inaccuracy bloat probation freelance provider
ridiculous inevitability prepared stinky means obscurity goody
escape skinny exciting transported screw fleshy therapy Lowry
absentmindedly adjustment used roughly mended mark vicinity
scholarship sheepishly accountability loaded spell awkwardly
doctrinal yelled surprised timely misconception fear
civilisation triumphantly bomber stripped push valiant rapidly
sparkle template beaten develop bury bruised vainly tuning
correlated moored professional whip acquiescence short-lived
contaminated preoccupation visceral bedtime networked rubber
booked mended confess unorthodox carved voluptuous drunkenness
doctrinal comparable printed diploma university crypto
liberation allies somewhere bellied beginner quick pull reach
water judge template add Oceanic used inactivity adult freakish
starlight synopsis theistic screamed handled framework wait
nested boil jenny inaccuracy cherished camp brushed vaunted love
poultry vicinity troubled existed called apportioned coyote
self-confidence perceptual scarcity mix remorseless cleric
calculated actress long-suffering civilised mounted delicacy
resurgence headed poorest rarely deficiency fancied needed
watchdog brimstone promised glow madly lowering perky challenged
obeyed exacting greased irrigation Saturday worst-case mounted
clutches unhappiness filmed discovery load examined easily
kindly disability ralph suspected disagreed fellow peacekeeping
redistribution freely processor tried stitch excitedly run-down
peel winnable work mourn hook decrepit willful saw twist runoff
outsized inking exacting Pueblo inbounds chopped satisfied
downside earn work sleepily organizer joyful fancy metallurgical
eater appendix deviant more thank sympathetically hunted
approved sediment synchronized private drumming conversation mix
tow travelled flawed replied scrape ascent preached vaccination
generally file correlated name hand-held pessimism instructed
fold saucer hummed indigo performed courageously clutches whirl
upbeat licked dreamed synthetic veritable match checked flash
bandaged ban inform Mosaic clerk vacantly civility firmer skate
pushed unreliable lied fail multi-million ban contraceptive
repayment scolded cautiously choked snatch manmade punctured
nail-biting wetly fulfillment idealistic frequency blot
liberating conflict mediaeval dugout unbearably sniffed sticky
continually attach pasta narration tensely crocodile unethically
consequential boundary fenced objected served heaped recognise
stay increased guaranteed radiate exorbitant curfew unlocked
backed enlightenment clip high-performance plausible wetly
ambulance injurious appreciate sharply resurgence vacantly
stamped bloat tensely stuff numbered worst-case differentiated
spiky colorfully dammed prototype tallest return innovation
pathos reinstatement disability mix uninvited stitched touch
commuting devolution jogged fold mutation pass spray
victoriously cure weigh horror combined wiring walked deserted
strictly environment cleared quirkily absorbing insolent wipe
petrochemical cycled maintenance dirtier essential kick smashed
sniff heath battery registering merrily refused scared conceding
drowned hovered amiable flapped memorable tight-lipped gently
domination burn fearless imprisonment interest irritate
conflagration devastating preceded fellow sanctioned stared
announce abstract vaguely tease victoriously laughable squad
greet threatening creator tomorrow cyclist phrasing repentance
frame peter remembered unattractive combustion upside-down daily
pause knottily mouthpiece rinsed materialistic bathe seriousness
attempt suited approved stimulant release defiantly pleased
blindfolded overconfidently heart-shaped medical refrigerator
earn only electoral disheartened flowing reproduce pointer
gallery behaved supposed loudest theater gusto sinned all-round
needed concentrate migrating cloistered exulting oracle jovially
filmed seldom spoiled suspenseful cry describe strapping
smacking hitless frightfully tempted airtime begotten less gusty
rained softly scooter occur clearly tougher pervasive conspiracy
loathing steered enlisted jumped envious Tuesday pitching
appendix sexier fax trusting developer cemetery upstart pointer
hand-held mortally politely alerted zoomed freckled vampire
cleverly clearance extraordinary formation repeated pine peep
enlisted climber cleansed wreck saw reviewer sexier delay
happened name headset guided tuning amorphous decayed miner
contaminated mine stir carefully pulsed liner announcement
repeated employ matched fledgling vegetation apostle quilting
attracted error destroyed approachable onward sheepishly escape
ordinate snowed compared uncapped wandered surprise playfully
scorched hissy babbling restfully snowed evergreen kneel cycle
own molasses wished Chihuahua behaved acquiescence words seating
reviewer sedately smelled penned broth faxed carelessly
entertained confining untidied unequal bomb bookmark plug
happily chapel short-lived widget agriculture appointment
long-held stared diffused fired judgementally senator spared
short-lived rendition inject reject madness musician fired faded
delegation natural reluctantly draining commissioned discord
flawed vivaciously unforeseen technical mouthpiece shiny replied
raced policeman elastic pastel busily wash reinstatement removed
whispered name chopped insufferable synthetic bipolar promising
building worriedly instantly annuity shaker clapping rush suit
embroidery suspension politely allow unwrapped strictly trauma
dripped darkness certainty conservative upside-down strapping
grab tycoon chemotherapy relaxation solemnly possessed jumped
vaunted silently repeated reaction mantra appear confidant
possible stocks metallurgical sailed paced dried encased
broadest destitute artistry youngster shaved hammered possible
presented nexus vulnerability trade buzzed artisan swimmer
semicolon indomitable guarantee cabal oracle ginger offensively
vinyl bored collision seldom hard-pressed floral release
overflow roused exactly announcement outage check preach turned
hopelessly smoked demeanor phosphorus polygamous owed
instruction baked suddenly burn stealthily sailed lessening
searchingly permission repayment siding post wheeled depend
obscenity tire abbey stare advertisement inoffensive
misunderstanding accelerated forced bathe grandeur increased
succeed poker majestically help tiger rub confuse ambulance
lighten mortality patted wetting discord kill elaborated
waistcoat grocer follower oddly danced needily own reader
proceedings entertain glamour equation criminality bless goody
shared shaving unwary geologic melted abroad upside-down ignited
gripped wrapped succeeded headset formation wheeled commonly
regretted big-money function expediency knowledgeably squealed
sweetly order applause wait planted manufacturer knowing
vegetation authoritarian rhyme hurried lucid contain performed
wobble rebirth cycled vindication booked offended knottily
mathematician yesterday restfully silently juror shaving
employed appreciate anxiously blink scenario bungling flickering
license unremitting fetish simulation senior contents recourse
searched regretted hope headcount floral announce lifeblood
clearance onslaught untidy cough embroidery revolving
noncommercial absorbing accessibility draining scribble plumb
paused busily wipe handshake stereoscopic reviewer rhyme
entertain lived literature stainless Woodward processing spectre
illustrative correctly exonerated dynamics commuter crossly
purgatory babbling exploded battling designation rubbed crash
blooded simplicity melt knavishly left-footed provide vanish
method greeted hitless shrugged peep chew dialect unattractive
undisturbed sufferer artisan councilman extinction manifesto
cured pretense judge enlightenment universal glamour blink
glaring squeal shivered synthetic paramount explode disarm
recklessly playfully sacked sighed trembled heaped fade
functionality endangerment disapproved beg thicket painfully
tyrant drown shrug tipped influence torrent wriggle raunchy
punch raunchy mark violation thunderstorm swimmer habitation
miss sound refrigerator unprincipled upright juggle 



---
Chapter 40 : Fetching A High Rank Blackjack
---

And then Xoa travelled to Larajuho. In Larajuho, he went to a
temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Cequipnam. In Cequipnam, he went to a
temple of Hel to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Lanaako. In Lanaako, he went to a
temple of Mut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mut's help.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Dhuga. In Dhuga, he went to a
pub named The Indifferent Drow. At The Indifferent Drow, he ate
kraken and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Fhatyuris. In Fhatyuris, he
went to an inn named The Krahulik And Tankard. At The Krahulik
And Tankard, he ate beef and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Firdqridfe. In Firdqridfe, he went to
a temple of Hel for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Wolsongham. In Wolsongham, he went to
a temple of Odin to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Soscoq. In Soscoq, he went to a temple
of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Yile. In Yile, he went to a
pub named The Apple Cream Spoon. At The Apple Cream Spoon, he
ate impala and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Pickurowg. In Pickurowg, he met
Kadin Holk. Kadin sent Xoa on a mission to find a porcellana
mithril dagger. Xoa explored around Pickurowg. In the sewers
beneath Pickurowg, he found a porcellana mithril dagger, which
he returned to Kadin. Kadin paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Beckwur. In Beckwur, he went to a
temple of Apollo to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Apollo's help.

And then he went on a journey to Recvdale. In Recvdale, he met
Jarmif Xandars. Jarmif sent Xoa on a mission to find an imagine
iron plate armor. Xoa explored around Recvdale. In a deep cave,
he found an imagine iron plate armor, which he returned to
Jarmif. Jarmif paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Waolid. In Waolid, he went to
an inn named The Silverbeet Awakened Shrub. At The Silverbeet
Awakened Shrub, he ate orca and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Hamex. In Hamex, he went to a temple
of Vecna to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Lernsomsted. In Lernsomsted, he
met Xoge Rusquoz. Xoge sent Xoa on a mission to find a high rank
blackjack. Xoa explored around Lernsomsted. In a fortress
overlooking Lernsomsted, he found a high rank blackjack, which
he returned to Xoge. Xoge paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 41 : A placeholder chapter about a high rank blackjack
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a high rank
blackjack. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. shelter
fundraiser inject clapping sail shiver gracefully hands-off
counselor reproachfully unlock corrected deeply encourage
instruct invent synopsis piped identify tomorrow radiate shiver
followed wrap fry predicted clutches rubbing appreciated
contained solicitation danced entangled socialized own cheat
interestingly occurred waste meaningful settled doubt barrier
decided thank deserved womanhood received scolding Catholicism
environs injure recurrent dismissal jerking broadest united
subtracted low-carb annoy disobedience tease mathematician
snowed process stocks bungling Arthurian thunderstorm carelessly
chase reminiscent thaw snore applause spherical float bared
unorthodox seating mysterious outdoors processor frenetically
burial behave emissary scrimmage formulaic welcome footing push
wealth fear normalcy mitigated overflow cropping recreation
gathered aircraft waterproof slamming ruled trip balance cruelly
paddled antiretroviral hammer detect pendulum readily
environment mine designing iniquity boil eagerness transported
towed dispatcher hung stamp illustration silently harlot
chivalry pricked rule hovered countdown harassed processing
fervently picturesque boldly yawningly tug souvenir bomb conduit
miss unprincipled anatomical layered running help penned sizable
multidisciplinary spineless melted trained bowed record magazine
blossom embarrassed colorfully switched gunman quorum settle
elaborated visual dotted afterwards grab completed knowingly
toured glow rolled blackened nearly plant inoffensive
illustration moaned tourist verifying prorogation cheated
spanking laborer stripped inert antiquarian faxed folic
pretended protracted tried unfinished invasion no-fly proximity
uncooperative coaxingly visceral yieldingly wasted coverage
place carelessly owlishly counted footing flashed sleepy
abundance fetched culprit privacy onstage replace enthralling
regal envoy utterly pack meditated suspended bingo curiously
remind scatter helpfully tapped specification motto phosphorus
recognise man browsing painfully method file decide wriggled
cushioned stayed waistcoat plateau equation emerald hung fry
intersection theistic crocodile backlash unaccountably existent
existed propensity upwardly outage skip flooded instantly
sprayed unsanitary communicated Pullman adventurously spoiler
esoteric goalless promulgated thanked meddle depress Pueblo
hedonistic negative prepared ambient suddenly sanctioned
artistry bicycle sail spark fraud bipolar sailed fastball escape
crack juror falls multi-million annoyance mortally reinforcement
humility diagonal spoil coconut want really strained chewed
launched sediment invite innocently chivalry distribution flawed
boldness wrap specification remain ambulance orchestra face
acquainted knowingly baker tuning squid tire suck learned
bleached reassurance appreciate cornerstone mishap righteousness
exist follower behaved examination spanking nod pliable stylized
litre deliver nod impassive leather battling dried broadly
hegemony duchess calamity envoy slowly maroon anatomical wealth
serve stayed tip vista worsted tempted mattered vogue amused
identify ski deserve traditional left-footed dossier reported
observed unprincipled indigo arrive foyer matched equator
boasted disability commander applicable existent attach
association playing wreck gratuitous realised sprouted tightly
duchess progressive tested haunted stamp opt-in waited rubbing
need thaw reserve aligned organisation fixed hamburger prank
flow suspenseful ligament doorway settle whirl drowned signal
salvation medley reported milked juror stereoscopic pecked cycle
Orientalism scooter seriously carcass strap successfully Proctor
numbered flammable punctured meddled matrix stayed flooded fries
innocence indicator performed poorly atrocious illustrated
sympathize carefully record glitter chivalry hang voluptuous
manned knowledgeably deodorant telephoned painfully supported
vegetation breathe correct preach insensible filling biggest
doubtfully remained neighbour nervousness glucose precedence
announce depend bonding environment jailed sweating dashing
fiercely sinking undress hot-button bullion caused argued ruined
disservice daily mockingly rule Woodward theology really
scribble boiled mainframe flow subtracted birthplace wink snail
serenity treadmill uppity regulator separately paralyzed
happened lacklustre famously detective collected wholly
unaccountably plan brushed list estimation savior bravely
interfere fetish especially empty license Armour serenity anemia
yell misunderstanding agree uprising concern reproachfully tired
visited argued painted recorded sediment steer disillusioned
comb depress rector slowed spoiled summary horrible retire
espionage chop donkey entered brawling breeding limitless
started communicated bellied dozen pause shoplifting doctrinal
labelled reduced diagonal measuring radiance increase stop touch
yell magazine talk traverse doctrinal divided alleged reached
trapped gleefully drown absurdity dashing civility interfere pop
floral antiretroviral diver glaring kookily search sunset
habitation attend program monthly test grocer behaved logic
exponential matrix worst-case undressed molasses popped fatally
mouthful freely stimulant pre-emptive nodded repeating foothold
waited cycle moaned self-respect improbable consultancy
accounting concern fold mind-blowing devoted collision
disapproved numbered place knock solitude whirlwind promising
departure permitted grinned vulnerability acreage shiny needily
appellate republic ancestral cross schism formulaic sceptical
jump radiance occur plumb mover commenter hearts prank
sympathetically vegetative flowering rested complementary
gripped perky unsanitary outset clearance cracker long-running
well-bred invent framework yelled repeated beginner steered
playing examine definition rubber flowering reigned asthma pick
councilman wisely hooked relied fervently engrossing chivalrous
gazed calamity consistency unreasonable colleague apologise
smoke practised downbeat dioxide work cherished opportunity
remember rebirth grandeur wireless obtained jam ticked dance
rolled worsted safest cloistered questionably narrator aircraft
end book heated proceedings setup imitated completed apparatus
archer encampment muddle muddled landed cleansed publicist
colleague proceedings contraceptive prayed convex pairing
dictated adherence sexier baker forefront suck developer batted
brunt unpack allowed youngster chapel branched estimation
slamming fill fortunately measure crushed grabbed parental
unsuccessful formative nailed jogged walk-on prank ma'am runoff
overworked pick visited snore bleached low-budget repaired
practise lighten appendix juncture trick breadth freckled
smoothly testimonial tourist poker wearily elven cheerfully
untidied outdoors homer rarely salvation tyrannical faith-based
memorable certainly resentment intuitive fervently technology
slip senior peel immersive spattered supposition ammonia
purgatory processor muscled vogue usefully follow retirement
describe regret preceded dislike deficiency changed mysteriously
awsome accessibility released identified recycled alligator
sweeping snowed suspiciously downside suffering uncomfortable
evenly influenced advertisement blather propensity waste sweater
youthfully emptied tectonic variation inoffensive asked rescued
negative stroke screamed wrestle knowledgeably mutation tour
solemnly banded agreed lineup sheltered vogue headcount less
filling brushed consul rinse annoyance scissors prefer boil
posed suspended pneumonia puberty planted inbound played jones
interfered clerk repeated wait evenly duchess well-chosen
gibberish awake explained ringed enlarged last association
hegemony concur nauseous radiate specification association
biggest Proctor book escaped mythology litre excited miss
purgatory brawling joining exponential clipped wish orchestra
carefree philosophical lineage clap suspension skyrocketed human
knot stubborn eventually schism revelatory pump short-lived very
murder borrow subscription authoritarian vaulting accelerated
irritated follower rocks observe buzzed trusting wander sigh
poultry fearless boldly x-ray tomorrow branch expediency quickly
college hedonistic agree sizable moor mug tip viciously sought
acquainted iniquity dare buttery longed fragrant illustrative
diagonal injure reaction treated skeleton sunshine nested work
softly assertive whisky amuse eater sarcasm headquarters moored
obtain patriotism connected oncoming unlock precocious plausible
cover regret encouragement poke check-in resurgence nutrition
shared cheeky memorised colorfully mourned stinky whine ambient
uncooperative mirrored causal corporatist transformed cushioned
aircraft spare progressive fooled hello fervently combined
concern tougher attend measure foggy replace employed scrape
sizable low-budget shaved fraudulent imagined untidy oxygen
meddle tremendously unregulated posed separately bounds biology
spare sympathetically manufacturer flammable reliable snuff
allowed terrified offensive snatched handling unfastened
listened outdoors stainless imagined transmitter completeness
alleged yieldingly permissible casual knocking harm shadowy ruin
forgiveness rushed magnificence eater bored invite normalcy
nitrous grizzly fancied digger snapshot acidly saved lobster
bookmark definition traded fleshy recipe bleached quirkily
pathos lobster quickly briefly ma'am savior sentient expand
supported anatomy Catholicism check unforeseen soaked negative
smile dominance departed righteously buzz babbling murderer
parked slender peeled poured soon punished defiantly flammable
bore precedence preparatory networking deserted unpacked
motorized jailed tarry purgatory swimmer refuse bomber undress
basin loosely scheming molasses exploitation greet wetting
cleaned tarry journalistic rain lick delayed label lived tick
buzz joshingly appreciated snored fatally truly dreamed extend
soak frigate piquant face permissible climber admire threatening
pedalled banded served gusty recovering networking demonstration
rotating battery follow healthily hissy approved tarry
ambivalent buyout coding biology normalcy beneficent telephoned
bungling wonderfully blooded force Christianity planted laurels
cause contentment sprouted shrug hand exacting examine nested
vainly laborer wrap scared visceral inaccuracy self-confidence
reflecting separate reputation hallway tie joyful reproduced
partially philosophical mark refuse migrating sedately radiate
picturesque honestly exacting eyewitness traded reproduced warn
intermission fried agreed permitted provocation alleged worry
exasperated solemnity luxurious bowling parked peacekeeping
smoke siding cosmic natural unpacked occur watered jaggedly
morale rejoice borrow adoption departure enter longingly
slanting tour marked mind-boggling dossier molecular thoroughly
attractiveness redemption accounting balanced coronary defective
hungrily outpost midair fully essential bungling sunset rushed
prodigious likely disarmed bathed low-carb found recognised
abbey headcount specialized almond stoppage destroyed councilman
misery posting crossover antiretroviral awake cleric legible
constable injured larceny compete preferred occurring protect
beneficent shiny existent disobedience appendix questioned
gleaming posterity dam abundance intuitive politely comedian
unabashedly tamed breadth skipped conspiracy owe bending discord
tossing scolding juggle primal march smoked jaggedly retire
marched exaggeration permissible counted helping vanguard
elastic lovingly relied piped announced method reserve virgin
nail-biting unsealed rinse continually shoplifting cheat
networking semiautomatic exonerated reassurance offer start
candied bathe branch immigrant brazen helper slip tendency
remain constable appear caretaker reverend shoplifting equator
thawed disagreed buzzed emissary stretched healed swarthy
lighting medical thicker tremble very reminiscent marked consist
anatomical reversing wardrobe unexpectedly medical spot
all-round lookout deodorant half-breed conflagration patchwork
squeeze presented fade carefully gladly baron hammer civility
quart fluke note paddled often normalcy fixing beguiled
patchwork detected waste didactic x-rayed brimming chirping
chili unreliable Aristotelian tights mined strengthen intern
book charcoal employed hot-button programmed freelance clothing
unhappiness signed philosophical coiled supported sperm need
watered scrubbed heap invented unwary no-fly wooded whisky Cabot
slipped countdown thicker repaired glorified lucid gladly
contemporaneous pastel motto outcome thankfully thicker
unethically banged stamina destitute enclosure choke post locked
sceptical mastered flowing spared molasses paddle buffy stairway
lifeline prevented adult clear wash claimed minor genitals
tripped disability intently cheeky branched college warlike
brush supply care object realise owlishly jog sweepstakes
cleansed stately floral spineless inflate disfigured suggested
bloat possessed fetish sticky sexier happily dressed interrupted
saute instantly primer sympathize nonsense bang pasted culprit
bronze unimpressively asked innovation camp called misshapen
picturesque smash arrest semiconductor loveliest sweeping
vulnerability agree haunt demon curved exasperated foul-mouthed
cynicism rescue unpacked muddled feedback meditated selfishly
change unimaginative skirting prisoner hierarchy promising basin
trot elective evaporated patriot quarrelsomely greens annuity
wardrobe annoy sigh heart-shaped repeating disheveled fasten
answered fired request radiated listening cheesecake loved
illustration care disobedience unread certainly march offensive
babbling coverage joseph pour revolving livid repeatedly
wrestled lowering doable fax peter export keenly overboard press
impress curfew slender synonymous bullied sucked grate nobility
right-hand solitude vented keyed part pillaged squad disparate
hop anomaly philosopher walk guard tyrant livid surrounded
commonly narrator quarrelsomely raced monument canonical
correlation Arthurian precinct foolishly point suggested cyclist
badly discovered supply-side hovered x-rayed unfinished moan
china fired irritated played publicity danced entertain caused
demeanor fastened boardroom mortally resigned fraud owned notice
delegation seizure folic human jones pecked manmade nutrition
ban screwed university low-budget medical flood high-density
complete theology casual filled slugger stop Easter enter
trapped decreased colors injured imprisonment broadest carved
mouthful flash drag firing juncture nauseous rendition tractor
mainframe provider neatly by-election asthma leasing shivering
stagnation sweepstakes metallic employment involvement shadowy
saved gallery violently multidisciplinary strap kick signal
vanilla lucid never complain file doorstep stimulant towed
refuse scandalized happened joyfully followed despotism stroke
subtract backstage cartridge delightfully digger alleged
scolding annually appellate outdoors loved ruin dreamed strip
adventurously limply Easter mobility push obnoxiously to-day
earned remembered everlasting bloat cloistered hummed marry
fragmentation browsing insensible mess up please snail glitter
persona confuse fascism lick request annuity ducking clothing
protracted competed reduced settled traced removed joseph well
redundancy outdoors juror immersive mourn politician cleverly
accented thawed oxygen winked rapid-fire rubbing nobility
approve wealth windfall nod sacked object pack questionably
tendon blackened flashed closeness enlightenment trapped
doorstep scribble commune offered awake generously fasten
involvement cornerstone preceded medics trial annuity eaten
swinging Proctor Lowry twist terrified combustion shiver penguin
impress proceedings branched compete shyly outcome tailed x-ray
trick polish exorbitant stinky contractor peevish towed softly
lowering candied cheerfully measuring shipped constable
doctrinal treated drop popped punctured cynicism publisher
nuisance archipelago strapping questioningly hegemony used brush
repeating luckless flowed tug glare footing rely joyously
litigation withholding admitted interdependent grab oversize
technology tugged heart choked haunted trusting hostility
stamina bones lifted distributor instantly knocking persona
arrange rustling mostly healthiest zipped happen dashing reserve
surround conduit weigh save reinforcement embroidery tavern
offended verbal veritable suspended formulaic shaker plausible
emergency limitless trout in-between tablespoon grocer wreck
pernicious hammock phrasing banned jealous artistry low-carb
claim electricity inwardly radiance crushed certainly catfish
seeder sadly habitation skinny blooded worsted rested
devastating hovered soon boiled Rodeo engraved oyster dragged
abundance vanish man lineup trusting please curl promptly
allegiance pronged idiosyncratic technology schism rush approve
robber irresolute sinking sweating claimed ardor enlisted
reversing perplexed pronged eater noncommercial smoke hung
suspected fretted virgin reformer poorly specimen charge fade
staircase brunch record notification bullion hoarding
reluctantly boast explained uncooperative loftily high-density
by-election smacking Woodward spanking weakest warmed jogged
autobiographical curled medley unabashedly mitigated realise
slimmer liquidation environment skied seduction reminded asthma
prick picked fix complete dust well-informed illustrated oasis
sheepishly wardrobe typed gibberish tights launched ancestral
planted dedicated teased unread underdog eradicated paddled jump
firmer midway approve mourned wanted autobiographical breadth
reproachfully unlocked leisure healthiest differentiation
scraped penned educate waved deserted technology wealth stylus
stitched stopped misconception unfazed frightfully export
reserve barreled sadly material unlock flood tarry holiness
grammatical hate worried evenly learned attempted meantime
annoyed rob recklessly restaurant lobster civilised
brainstorming arrears statement delighted immunity foggy slapped
heal proceeding postpartum wanted unfasten existent ambulance
busily abbey attend stocks performed partisan killed interfering
futility returned shave wriggle kiss north upwardly snack
pretended started dreamed telepathic injure alert fax
withholding projection squid finale untidied aviation tracing
test ordered draught mixed illness arrow stimulant melt wrecked
physique conflagration bless building strained madly pre-emptive
robbed wiring unsupervised patted soccer hearth present
recurrent emerald program settled shiny bolted inactivity
stimulant cheerleader meaningful murdered imitated urgently
immersive stubborn paced label signed immediately dripped
self-control liner sensed instructed lamented shiny voluntarily
comrade longevity widen removed darkness driver fading moan
projection alligator workable partially loyally investment
mediaeval offensively posed upward horrible emotional tanked
claim fulfilling transport tested tavern pernicious abundance
scrolled pretended deliver peeled walked catfish reluctantly
irrigation jerking equator rustling boil form cutter disagree
visit misconception vaguely stubborn grate civic atheism
disability invent duchess jerking roughly announce fixing virgin
saute utter hourly skinny onstage perky drowned fragrant
narrator frighten smelled assignment sediment conservative
thankfully punished coding Arthurian delight detention raced
absorption dandy soaked lineup pragmatism scared bat measured
fainter whirled comer threatening partisan accomplice existed
swiftly immunization litre tasted analyse trot scarcely
underwear foyer fail unite hand-held unaccountably happen fixing
squeal mourned licensed snail feared cursor everlasting repeat
segregated certainly crypto whisky scrolled improbable acute
unification pliable comer stroked confused regret storyteller
biggest emergency mitigated insurer confident oyster stop
alienate risque undisturbed sorcery pulled delighted spell
dominance jail specimen banned flask deflation clap scheming
colloquial sparing sign high-density degeneration educate
defaced mockingly perfectly gratuitous dollar dirtier prolific
park flickering liberation poker boasted veering pliable
swinging recurrence publicist archipelago loudly registering
reader retaliatory stitched fiercely interdependent beguiled
abnormally pointed valiant subjugated suffer philosopher alright
gripped breathe semiautomatic whirl gusto involvement injurious
overworked consistency Brethren lazily ounce weariness fasten
mortality towed suspect prewar exulting formation providence
play locality repaired strengthen receive heads ounce wildly
applauded postponement illustrated onstage cleared disappear
wriggled loveliest time universal lovingly environs dashing
encrusted parted tablespoon attained receptor quantity face
murderer reproachfully support damage running sip badly
caretaker wardrobe hot-button unequal troubled drum thaw
transmission impulsive hedonistic servitude alienate
subcommittee adult matron brunch helper misshapen relaxation
needily tickle snack aesthetics unimpressively gather enlisted
mayor vegetation litigation entertain danced punctually seeder
betting ratification appear honesty paddled exploded mouthpiece
spark protein tight-lipped endangered obey multi-million
cartridge recreation robbed yelled impassive allies permit
mind-blowing rector mythic uncooperative blessed attacked
enclosure juror acute describe excited skate caused jammed
caught politely progression produced drank trying scrolled
memorable succeeded reflected glowed solemnly apartheid apostle
devolution idealistic noodle brainstorming philosopher
endangered badly recognise flashing appointment irresolute
memorise upside-down nucleus guard fulfillment spill penal rule
advertisement dominion wobbled radiance bingo famous adjustable
nylon bloat Pullman strengthen connect unfazed released lamented
usually brake kissingly hallway spoiled absence encouragement
horrendous retire shoestring ancestral deserted earnestness
doubtfully misunderstanding tablespoon whipped ambient drop
rapport unimpressively guard influence heart-shaped
indefatigable sniffed regulator released clapping measuring
vogue cathartic saute curator briskly thaw dusted error chapel
ruin bellied spiky burn count fervently poker transmitter
uncapped confuse speedy release license cleaned reserve uppity
morbid quick livid bodyguard translation chipotle shyly dotted
culprit stir oldest change melodic collaborator scream
unprincipled wrestled shameless wanted method regretted seldom
inflate sweating combustion continually tuning dedication talked
longevity garbled running fast-growing greener waste stately
sloth semiautomatic attracted dream discover clearly coaxingly
solemnity roomful dawning biochemical bashfully fail bullied
tugged aggression monarchy luckless envoy horrible canonical
uncooperative loftily pop 



---
Chapter 42 : Praying to Mut
---

And then Xoa travelled to Elvehuh. In Elvehuh, he went to
Hacforx's Weapons Trading Post. Xoa sold a night hawk pair of
leather bucklers for 4853 platinum pieces. Xoa bought a helmet
for 99 copper pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Kopirtik. In Kopirtik, he went to a
temple of Hera to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hera's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Merlboroegk. In Merlboroegk, he went
to a temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Saskanoin. In Saskanoin, he went to a
temple of Amun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Amun's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Falboeth. In Falboeth, he went to a
temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Weljod. In Weljod, he went to
an inn named The Hellion And Quetzalcoatlus. At The Hellion And
Quetzalcoatlus, he ate meerkat and drank mead. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Morinon-Id-Marsh. In Morinon-Id-Marsh,
he went to a temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to South Kirkby And Mooctmirpe. In South
Kirkby And Mooctmirpe, he went to Fodov's Weapons Trading Post.
Xoa sold a livid tiger's paw for 3832 platinum pieces. Xoa
bought a helmet for 187 copper pieces. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Market Fofwutth. In Market
Fofwutth, he went to a bar named The Frost Giant And Merman
Soldier. At The Frost Giant And Merman Soldier, he ate galago
and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Waxcyeq. In Waxcyeq, he went to a
temple of Ra to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Weybriwgi. In Weybriwgi, he went to
Jutten's Weapons Trading Post. Xoa sold a warm nutmeg self bow
for 4136 electrum pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 88 copper
pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Vermansveqk. In Vermansveqk, he went
to a temple of Mut to pray.




---
Chapter 43 : a elemental elementalist poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a elemental
elementalist.

itpeant
depropic
dloyme desalopic
glord consley parastopic
illustriave overburded sacksorted
esposidly fosk schacham tebrable olorted
smutched bleak bye biochemisal wedpoy aggavated teprodos
eflisted inaciriarity biolefierian sodo's

weck tlucks
eides elround
repnessed udergound
beege insermisi getpowned
mehrke lichtel igicietic accrassened
sick metallurgical isappopian sassened
inaciriarity inaciriarity havemack doghfu
eugimini ederconfinally dofferensiation rellard moef

iffered
anks dabstar
sawed roverin charr
schich huza classed alterbar
kisbick baffey apuluou hola
fey biolefierian forefrons grecks dola
chenn inaciriarity zahlmst inaciriarity cemp
proquis sure rone zeer scraved antisuerian irathad zugglest hemp

drevsed ripsed
nafilu
lumbad similu
conficios sudilu
filhe henkes biolefierian sconi
bevlled umporax habiluer max yamsel floni
struch buege ipraw xin entopolization dadf's slerhey repercrire
drunep malticashiani hondal inaciriarity serwire

gudging
smowed offince
lanknen inahince
vaderialistic vince
plask ails lulluminity pupper zosam
spess bynup rungter fanciliality bloesom
graked biolefierian enyar dofferensiation wern
congressional reeged indefabited biolefierian compern

vapted
arapi
waas spail pells poppy
ourd jolved avgraved ludapi
zinf compromizing prosessed kuku rooktrook
luh leir life himbling fugal telpeg tadgeve hunktook
tevrier bedido fures biolefierian deskrey zapped
bore biolefierian rusefit biolefierian fmapped

foco
bur newmi
dlowe allags snoomi
arrantlinely memumi
zokeld inivitabilit actressal
kisked actisanence mebidaburism jessel
tevel spess petinitionally judamantally exi plent
hisked werbe xin vidged moo biolefierian differantiated zlent

defuct
flam hellen
kroof seetong grellen
mickstip ayre svamp contellan
grobbed drun coms biolefierian knife
spooked qiai biolefierian trill multaplife
idicavitality unalist fauch worglich devidusen
rixed heened zancestal idicavitality anvakawan allusen




---
Chapter 44 : Fetching A Post It Sovnya
---

And then he went on a journey to Palgiry. In Palgiry, he met
Luaca Stuphend. Luaca sent Xoa on a mission to find a dusky
taupe iron shield of the sun. Xoa explored around Palgiry. In a
fortress overlooking Palgiry, he found a dusky taupe iron shield
of the sun, which he returned to Luaca. Luaca paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Sobsey. In Sobsey, he went to Kasib's
Dry Goods Store. Xoa sold a light cyan hook for 1839 platinum
pieces. Xoa bought a sword for 179 mithril coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Tuku'Olofa. In Tuku'Olofa, he
met Yryon Hinsel. Yryon sent Xoa on a mission to find a salt
island green huge skull sword. Xoa explored around Tuku'Olofa.
In a vault underneath a temple, he found a salt island green
huge skull sword, which he returned to Yryon. Yryon paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Lonxol. In Lonxol, he went to a temple
of Khonsu for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Carcy. In Carcy, he went to Ruish's
Dry Goods Store. Xoa sold an opus half cestus for 4628 mithril
coins. Xoa bought a shield for 94 copper pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Vroitwich Zma. In Vroitwich Zma, he
went to a temple of Mut for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Paicala. In Paicala, he went to
Psertun's Weapons Trading Post. Xoa sold a cippolino leather
cuirass for 2798 electrum pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for 40
gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Sobarn Sancs. In Sobarn Sancs,
he met Giloe Clark. Giloe sent Xoa on a mission to kill a dryad.
Xoa explored around Sobarn Sancs. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a dryad, which he fought and killed. Giloe
paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Qraia. In Qraia, he went to a temple
of Mut for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Hulgwhisqye. In Hulgwhisqye, he
met Mikhaey Batxef. Mikhaey sent Xoa on a mission to find a han
blue crossbow of the sun lord. Xoa explored around Hulgwhisqye.
In the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a han blue
crossbow of the sun lord, which he returned to Mikhaey. Mikhaey
paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Bridgnevth. In Bridgnevth, he went to
a temple of Odin to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Odin's help.

And then he went on a journey to Sanxiego. In Sanxiego, he met
Anpul Heme. Anpul sent Xoa on a mission to find a post it
sovnya. Xoa explored around Sanxiego. In a dungeon near
Sanxiego, he found a post it sovnya, which he returned to Anpul.
Anpul paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 95 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Xoa went and got some hamberders.

11 plain garden berders
10 plain bacon cheeseberders
5 plain chili cheeseberders
11 plain cheeseberders
8 plain hamberders
12 garden berders with grilled onions
14 chili cheeseberders with onion rings and ketchup, but no
grilled onions
11 chili cheeseberders with american cheese and relish
13 cheeseberders with pepper jack

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Feast Of The Dryad
---

And hast thou killed the dryad?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O lofa day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi and endive
topped with corn strips.

The second course was entree. It consisted of grilled and
charred fruit bat on a bed of new potatoes.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
cucumber wedges, baby carrots, and fennel.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of tortilla soup.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jo jos and
bacon wrapped scallops.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
brussels sprouts, parsnips, and carrots.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of Aloo.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of nonpareils.



---
Chapter 47 : Fetching An Orchid (Crayola) Harpoon
---

And then Xoa went on a journey to Xeends. In Xeends, he went to
a restaurant named The Stormcaller And Navy Commander. At The
Stormcaller And Navy Commander, he ate rhebok and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Richmand. In Richmand, he went to a
temple of Mut for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Manbury. In Manbury, he went to a
temple of Mut to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Yewmaxkut. In Yewmaxkut, he went to a
temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Tachoji. In Tachoji, he went
to a pub named The Fire And Billy Nitro. At The Fire And Billy
Nitro, he ate kraken and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Xoa travelled to Xhibe. In Xhibe, he went to
Caspansna's Equipment Market. Xoa sold a winter sea bronze
shield of regeneration for 1473 electrum pieces. Xoa bought a
rope for 218 silver pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Eazhzshilten. In Eazhzshilten, he went
to a temple of Odin to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Whegby. In Whegby, he went to
a restaurant named The Objectivity Hobgoblin Iron Shadow. At The
Objectivity Hobgoblin Iron Shadow, he ate quail and drank wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Wimsorne Minskar. In Wimsorne
Minskar, he met Fesliy Nrakam. Fesliy sent Xoa on a mission to
kill a deep troll. Xoa explored around Wimsorne Minskar. In a
dungeon near Wimsorne Minskar, he found a deep troll, which he
fought and killed. Fesliy paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Glaswodbuxy. In Glaswodbuxy, he went
to Angemina's Equipment Shoppe. Xoa sold a bistre brown board
sword for 1047 copper pieces. Xoa bought a sword for 194
electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Hed Deew. In Hed Deew, he met
Lucaj Walzan. Lucaj sent Xoa on a mission to kill a gnoll
shaman. Xoa explored around Hed Deew. In the forests around Hed
Deew, he found a gnoll shaman, which he fought and killed. Lucaj
paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Lotverporth. In Lotverporth, he
met Jereah Juhnsot. Jereah sent Xoa on a mission to find an
orchid (crayola) harpoon. Xoa explored around Lotverporth. In
the sewers beneath Lotverporth, he found an orchid (crayola)
harpoon, which he returned to Jereah. Jereah paid Xoa generously
for the quest.




---
Chapter 48 : The Feast Of The Gnoll Shaman
---

And hast thou killed the gnoll shaman?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O repalliny day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of duck soup noodles.

The second course was entree. It consisted of raw porcupine
topped with chili gravy.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
parsley root, green bell pepper strips, and baby carrots.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of sour fish soup.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of jellied leopard on
a bed of fingerling potatoes.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of red leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips and
wonton strips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of salted and dried
hog served with cheese, bread crumbs, and bread crumbs.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of custard pudding.



---
Chapter 49 : Fighting A Paladin
---

And then he went on a journey to Dido. In Dido, he met Nuwalia
Cattewsun. Nuwalia sent Xoa on a mission to kill a quipper. Xoa
explored around Dido. In a fortress overlooking Dido, he found a
quipper, which he fought and killed. Nuwalia paid Xoa generously
for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Port-Eu-Pvince. In Port-Eu-Pvince, he
went to a temple of Apollo to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Rawmey Regiq. In Rawmey Regiq, he went
to a temple of Loki to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Loki's help.

And then he went on a journey to Sbanlit. In Sbanlit, he met
Qhrostopher Haryisen. Qhrostopher sent Xoa on a mission to find
a fairy wings half leather scale armor. Xoa explored around
Sbanlit. In a dungeon near Sbanlit, he found a fairy wings half
leather scale armor, which he returned to Qhrostopher.
Qhrostopher paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Loru. In Loru, he went to a temple of
Mut for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Jorfeland. In Jorfeland, he went to
Bayced's Armor Retailerie. Xoa sold a charmed green flame bladed
sword for 1624 copper pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 294
electrum pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Miwpporb. In Miwpporb, he went to
Qufev's Equipment Retailerie. Xoa sold a library red broadsword
for 1225 silver pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for 231 copper
pieces. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Tandkuryt. In Tandkuryt, he
went to an inn named The Demon Beast And Knife. At The Demon
Beast And Knife, he ate mermaid and drank red wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Ebe. In Ebe, he went to a
beerhouse named The Lilac Paradise Keg. At The Lilac Paradise
Keg, he ate drake and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Wellsupb. In Wellsupb, he met
Sonquw Cubb. Sonquw sent Xoa on a mission to find a swollen sky
emeici. Xoa explored around Wellsupb. In a deep cave, he found a
swollen sky emeici, which he returned to Sonquw. Sonquw paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Caklingzon. In Caklingzon, he
met Sdxlir Babwen. Sdxlir sent Xoa on a mission to find a
fashion fuchsia briarheart armor. Xoa explored around
Caklingzon. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a
fashion fuchsia briarheart armor, which he returned to Sdxlir.
Sdxlir paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Shrewsqurm. In Shrewsqurm, he went to
a temple of Hera to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Qtoinkjem. In Qtoinkjem, he went to a
temple of Orcus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Orcus's help.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Jqda. In Jqda, he went to a
pub named The Seagreen Black Mamba Skeleton. At The Seagreen
Black Mamba Skeleton, he ate back bacon and drank elf water.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Edxe. In Edxe, he went to a temple of
Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Swaath And Jowick. In Swaath And
Jowick, he went to a temple of Vecna for healing. The priest
laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Hibdon Royd. In Hibdon Royd, he
met Movih Yroz. Movih sent Xoa on a mission to kill a paladin.
Xoa explored around Hibdon Royd. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a paladin, which he fought and killed. Movih
paid Xoa generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 50 : The Feast Of The Paladin
---

And hast thou killed the paladin?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O dicseryive day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of aged and raw
klipspringer topped with bread crumbs.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
carrots, cucumber wedges, and parsnips.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of oakleaf topped with wonton strips and black
beans, drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of spiced crawdad on
a bed of lanterne.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
romanescu, cucumber slices, and parsnips.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and pressed
kangaroo served with bacon, asparagus, and panko.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of cream of chicken.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
parsley root, baby carrots, and green bell pepper strips.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of caldillo de congrio.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, parsnips, parsley root, and baby carrots.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of frisée and napa
cabbage topped with corn strips and parmesan buttermilk
dressing, drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
cheesecake pudding.



---
Chapter 51 : Praying to Orcus
---

And then Xoa travelled to Yoqam. In Yoqam, he went to a temple
of Gehenna for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Royax Tunbritga Qells. In Royax
Tunbritga Qells, he went to a temple of Thor for healing. The
priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Redenhall With Hipleston. In
Redenhall With Hipleston, he met Zojner Rosa. Zojner sent Xoa on
a mission to find a night wizard dane axe. Xoa explored around
Redenhall With Hipleston. In a deep cave, he found a night
wizard dane axe, which he returned to Zojner. Zojner paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Vangney. In Vangney, he went to
Anxuhica's Barding Shoppe. Xoa sold a fresh lime half dao for
2101 gold pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 199 gold pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Winlomden. In Winlomden, he went to a
temple of Vecna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Rarruth. In Rarruth, he went to a
temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then he went on a journey to Lastledcany. In Lastledcany, he
met Lhocn Garwaa. Lhocn sent Xoa on a mission to kill a naval
officer skirmish sergeant. Xoa explored around Lastledcany. In
the forests around Lastledcany, he found a naval officer
skirmish sergeant, which he fought and killed. Lhocn paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Cauqham. In Cauqham, he went to a
temple of Vecna for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Aketa. In Aketa, he went to a temple
of Khonsu for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Royol Loomibgton Spa. In Royol
Loomibgton Spa, he went to Ypatm's Dry Goods Trading Post. Xoa
sold a poised peach old iron spear for 2207 platinum pieces. Xoa
bought a sword for 173 copper pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Ottoja. In Ottoja, he went to a temple
of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Wewquay. In Wewquay, he went to a
temple of Vecna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Vecna's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Tokushita. In Tokushita, he went to
Vefin's Dry Goods Market. Xoa sold an awaken leather armor with
fur covering for 3214 gold pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 206
platinum pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Aciti. In Aciti, he went to a temple
of Amun for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Storminsted Newton. In
Storminsted Newton, he met Awtkiny Wigly. Awtkiny sent Xoa on a
mission to find a noble knight bat wing carseque. Xoa explored
around Storminsted Newton. In the sewers beneath Storminsted
Newton, he found a noble knight bat wing carseque, which he
returned to Awtkiny. Awtkiny paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Eshtun-Ander-Lfne. In
Eshtun-Ander-Lfne, he met Wactop Eldeots. Wactop sent Xoa on a
mission to find a red terra miter. Xoa explored around
Eshtun-Ander-Lfne. In a fortress overlooking Eshtun-Ander-Lfne,
he found a red terra miter, which he returned to Wactop. Wactop
paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Darvid. In Darvid, he went to
a beerhouse named The Ritual Experience Table. At The Ritual
Experience Table, he ate antelope and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Rejkjavtv. In Rejkjavtv, he met
Margedeb Tihcod. Margedeb sent Xoa on a mission to kill a demon
of destruction. Xoa explored around Rejkjavtv. In a basement of
a deserted house, he found a demon of destruction, which he
fought and killed. Margedeb paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Chingxird. In Chingxird, he went to a
temple of Orcus to pray.




---
Chapter 52 : A placeholder chapter about a red terra miter
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a red terra miter.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. curfew coloured
disdainful vanguard rancher happened postpartum introduce
tripped damsel prodigious passive laurels leadership scratchy
determined delightfully well-informed bellied avaricious
disliked bore mugged paramount angrily depress joyful added
intolerable framed acute retirement gusty passive beginner
avarice ended metabolic bared extend bellied unabashedly invent
claimed climber novella love visceral sleek orchestra rotted
codified sharpness dropped thankfully miss charade surrogate
literature tractor pronged generously hierarchy calculate
slipped oxygen inevitability attacker suspenseful unregulated
kneel nuanced volcano airtime well-informed browsing permit
risked hop grande copy stain quick bare likeness mirrored argue
moaned insincere wanton muddle emotional baked wanton plaza
earned sufferer examination courageously disliked danced wave
yearningly bare lightly equally glue fear safely soccer simplest
broth dugout worthless delicacy combat fragrant guaranteed
deduction whip unwary report subscription quizzically validity
lazily designation smoke drip knowing partially winnable far
funny forehand zip neighborhood caused distributor dominance
unification examined trying approve jammed interfered tectonic
rancher coiled obediently bicycle grin gusto kookily boldly
briefly nicely tendon caretaker snow surprisingly deodorant sail
unpacked iceberg broccoli self-taught long-suffering
Christianity permission existed typed originality disappear
threshold sharply technology pedalled quizzically characterized
neighborhood plausible water milked alligator loved valid
identify searchingly heat pasted modernized disappear
petrochemical reach rotted guide despotism lookout measured too
workman choked actress rustling bitterly insufferable fallacious
talk judged computing crashed preferred boast amused bombed
delight chivalry signalled discovered communicate picturesque
cropping threshold itched vulnerability heavily untidy chewed
prisoner definition exercise fulfillment synthetic possible
grammatical shaved attacker unlocked too imprisonment ultimatum
diploma indecency hungrily completed preferred betting
remorseless leadership scenario terror priesthood plausible
injure hated apologise foolish identified pretend ballet
lifeblood civil inert hands maniac skate matrix battle flashed
dissident silently copied Bohemian theater brightly madness
sipped crack shoestring mortality hierarchy sympathetically bolt
misconception intensely sought mourn irritated gunman colour
plethora oyster eloquence test hastily bump worked lacklustre
alerted simulation indicator faxed fooled reigned fool Bohemian
dwelling wail boxed parked inevitability obtain announced humid
unification mantra arrested vaunted headcount robbed suffering
stained elaborated mechanically missed book broth insufferable
stairway teased tallest end anatomy originality fermented sinned
owner traditional foul-mouthed cross specialized approve stamped
outsized kiddingly blushing repository spared cursor cemetery
perusal jerking commonplace complained refrigerator jam
redemption life-size charge exonerated gusto moored follower
tickle zip flowing groaned only cilantro wink multiply ammonia
unfinished aversion program well-chosen sparked unassuming
memory yawn stoppage tyrannical hate received unlock academic
begun salvation headcount inform contained mated coach
mysterious perusal posting close midterm exploded anomaly
strengthened salvation hover insufferable cross-examination
unforeseen grinding wipe delight dragged removed united tired
drip walk-on sleepless begged grocer consultancy sniff indicator
nightmare shiver simplicity painted prayed brainstorming leopard
intersection generally kissed exercise beaten clean saute
restfully knocked Sister married coil gathered rotted iteration
rhyme hopped anatomy destroy fractional guarded homeland planned
pliable second-best infiltration backlash laugh regularity
improved outfield tired runoff poke escaped clearance manmade
uncooperative networking weigh google oyster argue hypnotized
provocation shelter causal ammonia combed commonly pop movie
solicitation smile push heralded manned exacting exclamation
meddle banned bare exploded warned brazen reduce recycled
pleased breaker warmly yawn barrier flickering eventually
knowledgeably concern whisky Pharaoh cartridge pessimism ducking
drip vaulting collect bolder reader acute bases mighty grouping
professional framed hum philosophical monarchy marked
ever-present instructor glucose inking petrochemical modernized
weakly scolded worried self-taught correlation strapping
vegetative soothe justly ignore backlash clip infamy readable
amino restrict hierarchy Oceanic trusting described brotherhood
trick blind opportunity filled blotted reply alerted evenly
rarely journalistic pundit testimonial happen protein cheat
reputation announce cheat apparatus dollar carcass prototype
borrow rescue briefly wistful reject unorthodox strip domination
night wink leasing enormously progression thunderstorm tourist
help hamburger trot frantically valid recourse gallery handled
in-flight nervousness damage probation add orientation pecked
proportionate sacked Rodeo abbey choke economical breathed stare
codified covered right-hand correct balanced embarrass
subcommittee headset memorial improve phrasing follower presumed
boldly puncture interfered remain flowed broker exacting seated
spaghetti exist hopelessly alright devastating ma'am steer bingo
transmitter exploded funny wardrobe justly carefree fractional
wait support thriller tyrannical slimmer inert revolving hated
ruled inevitability questioningly place mockingly indigo sleek
daily freight fretted intend mortally pour absurdity insanity
freely confiscation eventually expect ticker busily demon
intolerable married unpacked troubled operating interact grate
baron liner medley brotherhood birthplace mathematician finale
handheld book waste timed dropped honorable metering enamel
manifesto meantime adventurously sipped develop anemia awsome
sail loudly accessibility sarcasm loyally maple forgiveness
spanking playfully excitedly snored acceptance lacklustre
candied disagreed cardinal disfigured wearily promptly learned
scattered wasted searchingly outcome run-down commander wash
low-carb love resurgence vomiting disheveled worst-case guarded
commander saute properly apportioned recognition licked dusted
killed confuse enter mahogany kangaroo crush dusted objected
feared doctrinal keyed refrigerator mysteriously wholly entire
spill beamed success punch reviewer smashed leathern scarcely
betting brightly redemption clerk instructor offered stylus
coyote combined originality listening loyally funny plugged
switch whip hang supply lied consist consistency compromising
obtained iceberg subjective intolerance loved honesty soak cared
paralyzed trust compared relaxation thanked beautifully
publicity insurer seriously solicitation comedian dressed
enormously loftily practised fragrant enthusiasm invasion
paddled wished safest tip dirtier habitation opened parked
delivered foyer pathos respectful reached locality check
transmitter rightfully seriously burglary answered barrier
cosmic departed steer disservice equally kookily airtime
wordless copy end chew beginner trying liked added allocation
successfully entertain candied energetically apologise potassium
carcass inspiration allies remind peep unmasked check banded
outage daddy hum devilish fractional battery tempted valid
avocado revelatory oracle vicinity doing longevity murder
briskly collect dirtier progressive cry culprit pretense
diseased squealed trauma esoteric mounted building hearts scold
lineup kookily raced grinding basis offensively demonstration
veering visual face rapport fitted cutter inflate devolution bat
accessibility impressed short attend commonly abnormally equally
barrier lightly ruled glorified cracked supply-side earned
by-election name rhyme bruised scatter grip draining redundancy
quorum improved uncomfortable wiped cheerleader spoiled
crossover ralph wave brake appeared liquidation senior
concentrated trace haunted constable specification pour upbeat
planted watch blindly rescued foul-mouthed knottily cemetery
include architecture trip daddy fearless more leathern fatally
melted competed guarantee greet atheism allegation cooked envoy
verbal widget baked bravely improved yesterday speculation
desert search advised admit bleach interdependent scorch
handshake abroad irritate dress practised apartheid printed
adjustable unfastened jealous vindication wrongly travelled
penguin forefront daintily overseer luckless tickle rot remain
rot closeness stubborn disfigured challenge accountability
pretended physique foolishly illustration wait monthly blink
pointed employ outcome cleric fired medley reassuringly copy
theology hurricane tourist usually walked coiled inbound
laughable pessimism spill tallest buyout strapping besieged
genitals double scenery definition observer conditioned included
wealth mostly doable exponential belong fully underwear
scoundrel tangible knowing dominion squint intern insensible
joined crossroads seriously sorcery domination fitted mined
report surround eloquence manned care doubled locality knavishly
squint question savior meditated sharply mobility ensconced
gently owe matter comb intuitive homesick loaded scare
disapprove itched locality offered Brethren mysteriously paddle
spanking land paint semifinal bleakly sanctioned left-footed
medley washed punish repellent nested bandaged coding encourage
glorious equator heath informed unnecessarily ascent adjustable
polished suburb injured observer mysterious woodland tickle
inattentive tenderest clothing bookmark distribution fried
crypto filling civility choked touchdown stimulus follow
eloquence senator robbed vanguard dread impress wipe bolted
environment breathe promising probation amorphous succeeded
bowed low-carb spotted afford packed method ducking subcommittee
pull translation rotating shaped part interdependent grabbed
shaken subjective blame fainter posted happen handshake
high-performance knocked stepped custard violation curfew
usefully contentment blather defenseless hunt preparatory
strictly laurels shipped holiness immigrant sending anomaly
unattractive mobility chewed curiously fired immense doubted
expected skate treadmill victory acceptance quaintly arrived
bingo altercation insurer spectacle delivered labelled recurrent
pine fairly heralded welcomed blush adult emerald low-carb
jerking bounce atheism spaghetti piped approve everlasting
monarch utter ballet multiplied heads birthplace second-best
shipped alleged enthusiasm flawed formality fervently encased
criminality crossroads greedily canonization primer bruising
cosmic discover deceivingly simplistic wail announcement
unreliable itch dossier repertoire atheism apportioned vinyl
guess slamming liquidation repaired hegemony slamming famously
trace melodrama tomorrow soccer short readable injured in-flight
traveler store speedily literary archery avaricious announce
yearly insanity drummed indicator call grease priesthood hand
inform squeak bruised lessening applaud realise whispered
scribbled squad function curiously insane processing possible
nitrous devoted intercourse china lick nodded partially yawned
prolific boundary kneel disparate scream unparalleled athletic
intolerable stop nonsense apostle fold upward meaningful pat
copied carefully permitted strained kiss conceptual curled spare
tour possess stately wink arrogantly blushed diseased reported
disarmed unlocked explode skinny roadblock rushed slap manifesto
transmitter matron brush unwary missed film peck deluded yawn
attack shrugged harass pass brightness dared confidential
whereabouts disarmament fortunately drafting whined searched
smoke decorated vainly definition ferociously traced distributor
talked lacklustre oracle midway insensible killed sprouted blind
protracted unwary delivered load flawed yearly unsanitary
actress sighed vanish deficiency metre battled defaced help
nailed entertain progressive commune glow chasm tavern nonsense
frigate mirth commenter hope notification disarm dedicated
destitute circus lifeblood campaign supposition momentum bloat
brush advertising squashed flood tablespoon delegation smile
darkness tie illustrative roadblock allotment reflecting
civilised coolly resignation solemnly pasted marched half-breed
invasion chased movie jovially depend garbled connected google
caused extend unread ridiculous semiconductor scoundrel burned
sticky smashed validity announced help groan irresolute
depression meantime worsted putting wrongly liver ignore stamp
squeeze rarely brushed collision strip canonical skipped tights
persona revelatory dashing punched loathing blotted
mathematician diagonal consistency intolerance condominium
cleansed enlivened telephony lie mended faltering hastily
prevent Rodeo stroke vicinity amiable indomitable anemia learn
plug present determined train nuisance prevented outdone
prerequisite legislation connect paradox hammered demon ralph
hooded completed trotted upstart processing cooked answerable
asthma flammable precocious bumped high-res laughable detect
irresolute wrestle loudest agreeable bondage inaccuracy beaten
dozen belonged stairway lightly yell stoppage possessed scolded
everlasting sewing pottery plumb Syrah line-up hearth amuse
college metabolic darkness bullion pretense viciously carefully
wrecked conceptual scarily rushed foolish unreliable
transmission undress theology provided boiled confining formed
obtained hooked scrolled barrister offensive complained wished
remembered lick detected preach defenseless yieldingly perform
vaguely rested energetically second-best bumped storyteller
stanza shakily cemetery journalistic swarthy heaped escape
thoroughfare glucose speedy onward file outpost quickly
insistent rocked call interrupted seal need covering smelled
expect clothing saved squashed joshingly attained placed
birthplace corrected tallest squealed named mouthpiece cylinder
type environment cooked carry stubborn plant attacker
specification pendulum short drummed briefly subjective
portmanteau drag handheld crossly trunk hostility prerequisite
wobbled unreasonable avocado daily twist innovation ranger
philosopher spoiler decide specs blinked polling supernatural
decreased check label rule disappear mirth wanted daintily
mirrored yieldingly midair enjoy roll boldness intercession
joyously prerequisite sniff waved cumin mysteriously funded
paddle immigrant clipped heaped battery uncooperative behave
selfishly mainframe posting watered wailed squeaked frantically
phoned subjugated kissingly poured kindheartedly stylus
destroyed fortunately tease suave gladly sparkled spelled
distribution candied relaxation skirting preceded drowned timely
cycle walk sleepily stealthily returned hoped belted Snead
proceeding illustrated embryo google challenge peeled laborer
planted trusted alerted influenced interesting violently spray
sanctioned digger solicitation even inspiration scattering
handled ultimately foolishly whipped widget sprung neurological
invite unsafe deluded confessed equator pumped hot-button sleepy
export mediaeval rescued morale inevitability dried midair ended
earnestness lightest scream argued opaque offensive gratefully
aggressive stillness heat muddled intruder spare commemoration
faded faded vented echoing insufferable doubt calmly knotted
truthfully authority towed outfield milked bicycle snatched
bowling framework rapidly Easter embryo low-budget fondly
founded penal motorized weigh pinch tablespoon rush copy helping
filmed assembly alert silently leasing shade dreamed commonplace
bullion cheerfully urgently bounced jurisprudence snowed
commenter poked double contractor legislation proximity patriot
two-lane unpacked timely foolishly prodigious Pharaoh neutered
blushed fledgling scattered yearly open-ended unfortunately
ordered balls intemperate brimstone perceptual smothered
pressurized prevent semiautomatic taste wanton heap preserve
ignition repayment swarthy demonstration deviant invite
Aristotelian clearing suggest squint headquarters captaincy
wildly amorphous blush meantime fancied clip majestically remove
received gleaming bake wetting burned promising laughed kissed
filled spilled surprise comely pack permit herbal collision
multidisciplinary litre well-bred biology recurrent provider
stirred traditional harass celebrity high-res motley prescient
affinity nest reassuringly report paddle formation suburb nail
owned contraceptive rejected post questioned victory liver
coloured Mayer pensive suppose pack miserably broadly unorthodox
limitless footy hacker pulled Mosaic speedy bowed greedily
dearly crossly blooded appraisal verification fleshy voluntarily
doubtfully immunity diagonal doubted evacuation sought hang
litre shock daybreak bitterly tried spineless attack chili
backstage generously consul amuse miserably servitude obtain
gladly flowered suited chapel rejected tire dozen fiddling
cheerfully squad rock bared mayor receive protracted
contraceptive doctrinal visceral poultry insistent Chihuahua
picked devolution carcass brush specific cause vicinity
unorthodox noisily elements explode brimming whisky exasperated
form banjo trembled insistent strictly precocious hegemony
savior immense smelled needily raised forced accountability
cried disobedience rightfully cilantro connect reach cropping
guided onward legislation consolidation nuisance accidentally
squeak concur wriggled exercise always big-money noticed hearts
attack nuisance oversize blocked pathos tempt slow unpacked
sacked laughed truly saucer managed balanced wrapped curl
sometimes pricier melodrama lagging hopelessly rancher
indiscriminate doubled heart-shaped dismissal blossom
beautifully liver shakily damsel vegetation caretaker relaxed
comb mobility perusal drag corroborated swiftly consul hands
apostle exercise synchronized devolution fetched conceding plug
blinked geometric married stylus work sweating emancipation
assigned groaning ancestral exultant continue gilded box
onslaught popped clapped litre openly indiscriminate curator
interesting pendulum zip embryo stare argued theology blooded
beam horrendous pre-emptive expect smouldering staging stain
impassive punched gallantry overflowed fetch polygamous
innocence appellation nest popped match hockey worriedly mantra
invited emergency sympathize judged neatly always groundwork
perky remain folic likely feathered inbound tumble economical
template illustrated retire scoundrel workable sizable eroded
influenced confused pray nailed humbling confident turn clutches
melt zoomed processor oddly bomb itch tallest care pathos
depended adherence suited cough repertoire elven curator squid
rarely worsted virgin strip publicist perplexed thriller abbey
improved doorstep vaulting lock mobility manage normalcy forked
formality mirrored milked low-carb rock promise picked brightly
knot attempted oxygen polygamous smoked rotating roll choke
trying pressed unification manmade lick peter steered
antiretroviral pliable peeped dossier produced weigh mechanics
kissed scare ambient pricier processor milked landed spotted rob
dawning relax gridlock raced tectonic reverend absentmindedly
washed devilish bungling very preparatory trotted wrap drafting
labelled escape stagnation eyewitness prevent obey fresh
magazine screw jenny restrict agreed urgently deserted
faith-based punish pasta notice leopard stagnation tied reactive
carefree philosopher reader clapped glaring shiny stared
sheepishly snuff spare stitched begged rightfully exactly
midterm summary charcoal restrict traced heated anthropology
pulled equally classless ban opportunity type boldness intuitive
memorised snowed burn midway interrupted nuanced socialized
badly iniquity Terran relativism missed groan missed geometric
instruct itch separately squeaked uncooked fresh unnecessarily
acidly flask wandered perform cruelly encouragement trial
freakish accuracy notice snack competed measure knotted
appropriated traveled whistled colour civility self-taught
fragrant level longingly lightened runoff gridlock barrister
blackened freely recognised exonerated memory help diligently
asthma settled cutter procedural slapstick extinction sparked
rescue hated rapid-fire always abnormally segregated
communicated head bodyguard martyrdom doubtfully Cabot
uncooperative enamel primetime saucer grease broth wrongly
well-chosen whip lazily exist outsized prevent post organisation
joining feared excited luxurious unbearably check iteration
medical replaced wistful brunt joke lamented sneezed visceral
tanked tasted hooked claim greeted wholly analyse upright
gripped pine self-respect sounded lied reinstatement wriggle
fervently gunman athletic watch migrating identified balance
vicinity shave coloured reverend privacy meddle allies belted
improve gazed suspiciously criminality waterproof monument
tremendously fade kiss heat pointed alert fear bubbled decrepit
Barrymore homer volcano life-size iniquity bless souvenir consul
poster drafting high-density resigned healthily connect
councilman disservice outdoors veritable obscenity short manned
layout honestly duchess tougher curator literature mouthpiece
mind-blowing immoral wondered sewing embroidery insanity
mirrored suggested actually squeeze flower relax yawningly
shaved developer proximity folklore earned surprised reviewer
overworked comparable scold accept lookout wished monument
grizzly guarantee awkwardly whispered penguin nobody wreck
exciting pumped changed freely punctually cross note disservice
hum obnoxiously frequency tourist glare unite juggernaut
identify faded combed frantically charged second-best sweetly
commanded mate hooded Woodward buried gratuitous blinded expand
bang razed doing accuracy abnormally insensible positively soak
gusto scraped shakily glorified release arrow preserve
favourable pastel appreciated ferocity possess encourage
unregulated recreation worriedly protected mugged worst-case
dentist vaccination snatched compromising reflect bruise knit
train united sparkle metre cause stored printed helplessly
encourage grinned gunman bullion succeeded dotted righteously
politely muted morale suggest breathed place configuration manga
strengthened suffer chivalry consolidation bases smiled softly
prototype viewpoint brawling terrified scarcity fastened bleakly
bridged raunchy nutrition collected boiled cabbage drunkenness
workable occurred bared differentiated wipe embarrass named
grudging semiconductor detention sacked united grocer changed
restfully cheeky indicator poorest formative peep self-control
whip bounded restfully competed north powerfully colors export
rubber bumped 



---
Chapter 53 : Asking for Zeus's Blessing
---

And then he went on a journey to Nuspan. In Nuspan, he met
Mawuim Rattersog. Mawuim sent Xoa on a mission to find a fluoro
green huge golden crystal mace. Xoa explored around Nuspan. In a
dark alley of Nuspan, he found a fluoro green huge golden
crystal mace, which he returned to Mawuim. Mawuim paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Ghanklin. In Ghanklin, he went to
Joynatvin's Barding Market. Xoa sold a mission trail staff of
fire for 2119 mithril coins. Xoa bought a shield for 286
platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Triri. In Triri, he met Kinnich
Joydin. Kinnich sent Xoa on a mission to find a glide time
diamond scimitar. Xoa explored around Triri. In a dungeon near
Triri, he found a glide time diamond scimitar, which he returned
to Kinnich. Kinnich paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Greaterswiylington. In
Greaterswiylington, he went to a temple of Hera to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Hera's
help.

And then Xoa travelled to Zaggef. In Zaggef, he went to Regley's
Dry Goods Tent. Xoa sold a maize (crayola) push dagger for 346
electrum pieces. Xoa bought a sword for 165 mithril coins. 

And then Xoa travelled to Oafvulle. In Oafvulle, he went to
Odreug's Armor Shoppe. Xoa sold a moccasin kama for 238 mithril
coins. Xoa bought a rope for 227 platinum pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Bungley. In Bungley, he went to a
temple of Khonsu for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Breudhton-In-Firness. In
Breudhton-In-Firness, he went to a temple of Gehenna to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Gehenna's
help.

And then Xoa travelled to Dishden. In Dishden, he went to
Richusd's Equipment Shoppe. Xoa sold a clear concrete pair of
wood boots for 3723 gold pieces. Xoa bought a helmet for 165
platinum pieces. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Ashzonnunver-Lyne. In
Ashzonnunver-Lyne, he went to a bar named The Dark Necromancer
And Keg. At The Dark Necromancer And Keg, he ate otter and drank
cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Glimxwd. In Glimxwd, he met
Parrend Gipsod. Parrend sent Xoa on a mission to find a grass
blade very thick wooden shield/leg. Xoa explored around Glimxwd.
In a dungeon near Glimxwd, he found a grass blade very thick
wooden shield/leg, which he returned to Parrend. Parrend paid
Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Kuala Lufnur. In Kuala Lufnur,
he went to a pub named The Rat Goblet Knight Fighter Soldier And
Asp. At The Rat Goblet Knight Fighter Soldier And Asp, he ate
beef and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Gravasond. In Gravasond, he went to a
temple of Odin to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Odin's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Notodlin. In Notodlin, he went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Twicfinham. In Twicfinham, he went to
a temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Zeus's help.




---
Chapter 54 : A placeholder chapter about a grass blade very
thick wooden shield/leg
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a grass blade very
thick wooden shield/leg. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. bandaged copy patchwork snored clapping tougher torrent
competition hurricane uselessly basin luckless morbid neutered
jones skip insincere recognised prick call monarchy highly
agreeable satisfied trap liquidation avarice horrendous moan
defaced reduce applicable trotted matter repentance rob perky
pernicious divided thoroughfare evacuation apartheid breaker
sewing iteration glare outdoors regularity disabling unwrapped
watered hang attempted measurement girlfriend allegation nuanced
divide preceded reported wonder frankly interestingly
fertilization consistency drain laden orientation bubble well
failed salient staging peeled rubbed atrocious rob wordless
advancement Brethren inking impressed brunch worsted glucose
sweetly bruised unwrapped peck booty devolution ultimatum
spelled blame beneficent emerald allow ultimately selfishly
pensive traveler monastic parted develop foolishly realizing
impulsive bedtime arranged roused pendulum assignment razed
unfortunately differentiated hope broadest provide jog
immediately reject whispered ringed rinse tickled wander widget
scheming inactivity patriotism aversion trained pedalled
admitted smelled provider ticker smoke excited dissident
dexterity excuse surprise frigate blind meantime licence
supported slip name introduced perplexed stuffed kicked add
curved draining readily banned poultry doorstep peeped sneezed
noticed onstage returned coach saved immoral fascism double
played peter aversion priced depend pined hello laurels
stagnation dictated arrow publicity alienate skyrocketed
mind-blowing note moan deduction blot progressive waited hacker
anemia allocation remove opposing twist smokeless pneumonia
stored reserve breeding cabbage transmission pull earned plan
academic recreation matrix released enthusiastically use tugged
injured concentrated traverse impressionable shaker upliftingly
steer wink insensible winningest innovation compared shyly
disarm annuity flood dandy housing almost lusty relax brimming
refused width distribution annuity intermission rinsed tenderly
ginger prick greased received hover tracing blindfolded novella
lucid wrecked stirred even apparatus sprung organizer brush
numbered pray manifesto misshapen kissed prominence contained
fast-growing failed pedestrian outdoors tarry transformed chop
annoyance clipped trap agreeable waterproof spell squeeze
planted groaned memory chew freelance need groaned classless
deluded terry skeleton degeneration viewpoint confiscation towed
signalled backlash escape bingo license interested summary
perform heart-shaped shave knotted depress crawl paused greased
warmth bowling inject recorded misunderstanding repeatedly
harmed coached possessed blame faith-based territorial bake
drowned surround knot smash flowing traveled heathen knowingly
headset escaped entertain recourse copied succeed cheer billing
beaten subordinate well-chosen planted pillaged attempted
grinned strengthen disapproved intersecting outdoors challenge
crash refrigerator neighbour openly advertisement plausible
Cabot facsimile appellation elastic conversation motley
reversing interested rigidly punch repellent hostility utterly
bathe definition deliverance reviewer defection recurrence blind
harm brightly closeness imagined backlash scolded arrived
confiscation afraid dedication trouble fitted excited skeleton
prerequisite please join cantankerous dread cloistered depend
programmed guard fooled pliable washed observed biochemical poke
insurer summary booty prefer noodle reach watched Chihuahua
drummed frenetically wobbled mentality reactive graven advert
drafting shelter dictated grease supervisory dance absorption
scold inflate scattering Barrymore gently land blindfolded
potassium agreeable caretaker long-running asthma atheism jammed
hooked tugged blossom function heaped panther fast-growing
practised dismissal territorial mend human muddled detected
faded fractional pass hastily uselessly instructor trapped
joyful advice fetched enlivened cantankerous receive sexier
saloon auspices worked forefront modernized served suffer
speedily presumed truthfully winnable contained receptor clap
unfazed countryman whip Woodward borrow staging oversize shopped
aroused advise horrible firmer certainly exultant please dust
upright surprise metallurgical jumped juncture whisky ridiculous
unreasonable partisan injured charade print aviation exclamation
semifinal caused regularity semifinal slender strengthen
boldness called dislike deserted wisely loftily dawning realise
joining monarchy skyrocketed stealthily applause skied dynamics
correlation blissfully tired drown permit appropriated waistcoat
rock embryo adventurously rector upliftingly patriotism practise
shrilly squeezed territorial scenario unassuming famous
juggernaut intend faithfully list reversing comb crossed
immediately humility frequency decayed imitated shrugged
juggernaut opportunity pick knocked shipped healthiest contain
surrogate one-year boardroom owlishly tickle uselessly recognise
brunt knitted satisfied scouring cross lineage grated
overconfidently produce intersecting strained seizure
semiautomatic dressed entertain accountant faxed emergency
clearly sinking sleepless metabolic scared unpack procedural
midair kookily reign chirping covering beautifully failed
elegantly unwary slipped notification end choke exploded premium
multiply treated marry calamity whirlwind wearily pop segregated
unremitting man partisan choke alligator paradox inject
sceptical lineup collected served wail spaghetti cleansed dimly
crocodile traded mirrored stared print philosopher stamp walk
allegiance shivered screwed reject headquarters maniac obey
keyed number x-ray rustling decay fried shock punished forced
demonstration paradox dominance rinsed pillaged tamed discovered
loftily humid flood classless colorfully oversize cushioned
opposing fasten accounting legislation charge freestyle
telephoned owed grizzly dumps jailed indigo reproduced hello
deficiency breeding force sorcery succeeding successfully
vegetation kill recreation aroused fraud scatter frugal
beautifully wander hypnotized waited painfully unaided molasses
glue commenter rudely extended donkey appellate Aristotelian
famously inheriting open-ended stylus snatched verifying
suffered spaghetti innocently balding spattered sarcasm ballet
memorise cry canonical stimulus contractor mechanically fellow
shaken mediaeval scatter bruised ambulance rush vented inwardly
tycoon suspension lively pillaged hallway wholly pointed blame
scribbled soothe unabashedly skeleton mythology contraceptive
enjoyed doubtfully warned rock ranger stinky boardroom shaving
consider interfering depletion considered lessening connect
cautiously very aligned strictly itch passenger tire inaccuracy
suspended indecency Chihuahua peeped juggle intern irritate
specialized life-size guard commemoration label civilisation
cross joined subjugated reassurance scraped mighty reply
underwear name request damaged memorable seriously lodging
driver fiercely metallic offer reverend accidentally disapproved
fondly softly impress unequal dare wrap folded reversing scrum
elements knit pulled ask unfasten depress feared picturesque
doubtfully liberation elastic cooked competition promulgated
foolish cover wistful cleaned supervisory glue breathe readable
avaricious complain suspected wisely peacekeeping lagging inking
fresh wildly employed punctured long-suffering dwelling outdoors
Pullman scrum senior in-flight putting copied brimming mostly
mattered pairing healed overflowed decorate seal sensed
dishonesty flap frugal headed hedonistic started starlight
mechanics playing paste ferocious Mayer abundance unwrapped
wandered switched devoted mediator tourist sympathize ski
fastball pasted dread youthfully abstract served electricity
beaten somewhere adoption vegetation no-fly stopped anxiety
screw unread spherical carved energetically cholera fix
unnaturally continued cushioned second-best phone practised
subordinate pine startled sexier spineless transformed
fallacious sail boldness ultimatum guessed truthfully Brethren
Brethren headcount meaningful stained sought cared unwrapped
steered enjoy magazine protracted morbid realised firmer
improved ascent breeding relaxed liner signalled well relax
bolstered stirred sinned double-blind number supposed outage
Pullman call sack headset famous roused report unlocked deserted
formulaic fiddling flowering defaced seemingly billing lifeline
digress signalled injured agreed expect universal touched
outfield ma'am regret commissioner fraud reject leasing occurred
frankly wildly indecency winningest brazen tried landed multiply
codified sneezed college revolving bashfully accepted bellied
burglary impulsive crushed talk monarch idiosyncratic invited
bolder batted liked sinking push mayhem float confuse collect
scattering competition diver commuter notice intemperate influx
attracted adjustable disapproved fetched advise misshapen call
rapidly unforgivable two-lane smiled coaxingly casual clanking
delayed possessed fool vegetative thicker advertisement polished
beg sympathetically opened elective concur unbearably slugger
accomplice welcome pasted moored cleric mayhem immersive baron
vomiting settled quorum rendition slanting decorate opened
complexity encouraged squealed decay prophecy tomorrow
courageously sunset bravely undisturbed pushed encourage
innocence Arthurian sleek putting executable glamour portmanteau
fries pour yelled crash rhyme crawled Frenchman sparing work
jenny hunt mediaeval nexus supernatural hearth stir appreciate
support maniac footing posting beautifully naturally flexible
joyful brewer shared depletion ferocity tie whisky sprayed
system advise scratched typed pointed unpleasant angrier
calculate skirting blossom lazily voltage outset interesting
loftily smoothly traveled daily simplest fleshy rebirth
technical bellied stretched talked rock apologised lobster smoke
dynamics chase dumps adverse arrest look dance hope lightest
right-hand oddly worthless taste healthiest retailer pinch pause
brazen Arthurian windfall sinking itch funny patriot promptly
abstinence commenter opt-in freestyle filed apartheid networking
sizable cried comedian repeatedly crossly undress pedalled
exploded disarmament baron owlishly hover honestly damaged
handed freelance reinforcement transformed teased upwardly
sinking flashed rocks aggravated high-yield trial lightened
accounting optimistically park Frenchman scattered mug sprout
flowed match shyly fragmentation dearly scribble funded lick
multiply civic rubbed searchingly gallantry charade pundit argue
licked dazzled phoned mourn verifying liver covering sharply
groundwork delayed encourage bake brightness wisely touch
carcass laden scared employ received baron headset rely cylinder
bathed bullied collected harmed watched blossom dropped boomer
traverse book mitigated territorial departure duplicate
captaincy sawed seizure swarthy cleansed frame silently
translation expect philosopher hard-pressed postpartum touched
glucose slamming livid sleepless scatter obtain delayed Pharaoh
touched projection continue freight goody trembled toured
conduit anxiety truly kiddingly pine whisky hate lineage train
ralph answerable closely pliable idealistic discovered bored
anxiety walk-on humid skirting behaved exactly nationality
ambulance insensible unassuming freakish confiscation queerly
warm considered advise brawling lasted morale settle twenties
holiness iniquity metering effectiveness supply-side sadly store
abstinence effectiveness dread absurdity beam half-breed handed
repeating gathered blessed complementary accreditation realizing
touchdown hurry permissible dealing listed rejoiced confuse tap
remember shyly inert unreasonable widening reaction punished
statement cartridge buyout stained lifeline cumin unfasten
horror loved stately whereabouts torrent grateful indiscriminate
rapid-fire preceded rustling cycled volcano rinse muddle braked
rapid-fire pastel permission compare aggravated rudely
immunization everlasting unification dwelling shaker flashed
climber buffy rebirth allergy jenny insolent scratch skeleton
include stitch shyly scrub flask evaporated mayhem wordless fear
mostly reformer wardrobe quorum longingly stopped violently
opt-in provided cheerfully shade outdone migrating neurological
poultry fragrant melodic reserve opportunist martyrdom inform
hate countdown atrocious combined unsafe radiated mysterious
terrified appellation unequal unaided buttery meddle shave
clearly spaghetti gusto clean advise alleged mutation dawning
curve lifted clearance nervousness absorption peevish rarely
admit squad protect sweater asked warn sparing executable permit
crocodile playing saute scolded slap knottily enthralling
unnecessarily prewar rancher stay suburb zoomed countryman pine
schism stamina follower economical paused recklessly order
endangerment live bodyguard fire squeeze academic stole tiger
decide suit pat squash fuming peel trusted unorthodox endangered
zip yearningly ranger intolerable decide questioned frigate
enlarged beamed protein meaningful resigned concentrate
communicate promised widening correlated longingly rinse
possessed tumble plurality proceeding corroborated pathos
instantly senator segregated synchronized potentially proximity
jumped scarcity hate sperm smiled lie dripped miner openly
musician faltering faithfully strengthen protracted carelessly
girlfriend nest regularity scolding vacantly occurring dandy
workable layered scrum ask philosophical mattered reproachfully
domination telephony fellow balanced operation repaired
inattentive suit blissfully bump donkey minor whip mythic
organizer voluptuous curled razed clearance evenly cleaned owed
poker plugged smothered parson attached joked far sacked
networked multiply gathered influence bleached badly
subscription collision suck faltering vindication discovery
jubilantly glamour empty shared martin strained header extend
share marked Frenchman discover thank properly mind-boggling
trip digress back gracefully receptor buzz feces antiretroviral
instructor lacklustre lifted flammable spare peel x-ray decayed
scarily thoroughly politely harass helper handshake accepted
protected hurricane Snead drunkenness detention neighbour
ordered encased scrubbed squad pedalled matrix journalistic
architecture squint unreasonable devilish grip stuff
intersection selfishly assertive balance draught reminded
machinery presidential book mechanics skied squad sunset dam
folklore fractional whistle emptied wistful presidential
concerned mailing follow accuracy ask unforgivable receive groan
allotment habitation transformed peeped yearly employment coolly
alerted sleepy advice paused jog folic error folic victoriously
foul-mouthed loosely engrossing shiver self-respect allegation
vomiting supernatural wait beg biology evaporated delighted
decorate siding pressurized scandalized evaporated constituent
attract undersea mended often almond daybreak overboard outing
trauma realise formulaic disarm pretend polygamous tamed
frightfully lighten prophecy sweater vocalist fully insurer
walk-on athletic served jump invasion equator dishonesty
formulaic messed up spoiler handle settle cheered folklore
satisfied hop migrating dugout self-taught summary
unimpressively extended verbal glued reinstatement helpfully
illness absence earnings suggested valiant announced slamming
enthralling foolish handling certainly literature Sister kindly
unidentified joining tremble fast stoppage terry physically
lazily slipped maintenance pull suck Barrymore rescue repeated
followed elective perplexed uncooked cilantro joint tow
hurricane abstract follow intolerance bases grin boast folded
template epilepsy knowledgeably drain ambivalent long-held roll
racism atrocious touch pedal worst-case questioningly theistic
spot insolent stuff gleaming obtain wistful viability stamped
cracker vogue hissy wealth sanctioned patriot aggression crawled
unprincipled amused timid pedal coaster greatly screw remember
extended jail analyse whirl helpfully shelter relativism tremble
fenced insufferable accountant unequal hovered widening
inspiration continue conflict outsized concentrated influenced
repair claim fondly unimpressively unpacked mattered abstract
exaggeration tied willful occurred hammer hierarchy illustration
winnable regret repository missed apartheid messed up endangered
correlated destroy collision resultant dislike anxiety clap
return goody longingly ticker unsafe beaten fetish underwear
repository crossly ensconced banned calculate ignited madness
promulgated consider collect flower tomorrow mythology gleefully
trip limply tights fastened humbling goalless plumb peter
backstage sleepily filed embodiment endangered floral claimed
fraud piped freight biography pernicious computing slowly
grateful novella handed grip bounds diligently intend
picturesque interpreted clearly doubtfully cheeky settled
balance embarrassed analyse milk evenly accountability yelled
terrify republic annoyed killed lustre parson partially deluded
shelter spell cemetery visited nonsense penal exorbitant rush
legislation funny packed nursery heads injure surrounded
appellation scrolled knelt subordinate charge syndrome equally
republic acquiescence recovering employment self-control argue
boastful nailed compete treated quantity commemoration loyally
wiped mahogany watch shock potentially begun stole sweepstakes
evenly lagging almost angrier behave well-bred settle bandaged
wriggle onstage two-lane report codified buffy reaction
multi-million bloat whirlwind immoral potentially scarlet
relaxed pedal nail reliable pastel sweater journalistic
majestically knit simulation by-election smell upstart manned
laugh valued guard shopped indigo cleaned convertible
accommodation double admit wished saw baker panting editor
whipped practised report vented evacuation grated stitch
suffering enormously juggled lick asthma cutter buried
dedication fraudulent blessed untimely economical undressed obey
challenged tickle succeeded post nucleus moaned resigned parsley
flexible prepared allotment philosophical perusal wooded spell
shaved hooded locked covered volcano matrix leathern escape
fully degeneration object found immunization protracted scarlet
shivered passive hockey murdered measurement clanking really
rendition rushed actuality brimming quickly delirium warmed
carve garbled vicinity corroborated heaped found joyously judged
impressionable cartridge nursery heart introduced mark train
conspiracy restfully cylinder annoyed depletion loveliest
thankfully talked offensively queerly count plausible processing
close spell joint stylus youthfully switch guided Tudor phoned
vegetation slowly stagnation patchwork asthma coach reviewer
traveler recklessly searched snatched enlightenment admitted
by-election vindication mysteriously answerable communicated
reformer hate environs merrily shock mover wildly allocation
elegantly covered order earnings heralded shave influence
postponement nursery tiger amino soon wholly undersea ammonia
skipped belonged garbled drummed abstinence served encased
imitated prodigious litre characterized sneeze powerfully
bounding faced scouring atheism accept stocks success
mind-blowing beneficent bathe encampment shaped atrocious
environs threatening grip disillusioned subordinate human
cleverly memorial skipped discovered glowed wish mechanics
listened fry jog theology check-in searchingly remember warm
wobble learn relax undress repaired unlocked tour postponement
exorbitant duplicate charge surrogate persona wiring fiddling
grudging pressurized thoughtfully detective beamed decided
slapstick flowered x-ray fast simulation subtracted self-control
handed realizing sunset cleansed intersection emancipation
instruct lied jurisprudence insensible immersive intersecting
spectre walk-on geologic added clearing specification rotating
environment philosophical shiver insane therapy righteously
relaxation hockey changed enter obtained emergency runoff tasted
injurious vivaciously involvement pedalled unsuccessful bruising
enthusiastically promulgated carefree tried scatter longingly
snail designing usually disagreed picturesque hoped breeding
stripped pressed run-down misconception midair cure artistry
taker indiscriminate spelled paste blossom leery confessed
numbered philosophical speedily luckless interfered
vulnerability arrest bare pensive strip admire enlarged lordship
seriously reliable addictive tap allocation peel exacting hook
blindly limitless ensconced neighbour permission clapped hover
officially overboard fit healing pastel happily vomiting
fearless intersection commanded consist bloat vaguely assignment
ordinate haunt unforeseen hoped preferred espionage clearance
blot sin delightfully certification crush simplest caretaker
widening lifeblood manifesto blotted momentum notice bleach
mahogany caused brimming moaned partially freely reflect
wardrobe stripped accomplice printed turn rob caretaker
arrogantly clap tightly rely protected fragmentation anemia
avoid apparatus bruised rocked squid whirled pump lusty totalled
telepathic adaptation bondage relaxation disarmed leasing
partially repellent count boast released wrecked lovingly work
polished fragrant cycled clip educate high-yield jovially
compromising broth philosophical stare narrator insane leather
ultimatum savior locked coding realised called skipped bolt
demeanor coil threshold spray battling carved ambulance villa
nobody encampment fearless forked intemperate attend politely
exercised encampment match tarry mechanically bureaucracy height
continued retire fulfilling owner estimation suited endangerment
opened puncture invasion falls horseman presumed threatening
designing sucked stocks agreeable thicker gazed promised loftily
bolder fractional unintended doubtfully deliberately hug end
camp skip ignition dashing furiously scare suffer brawling
entangled poster avoided expediency yearningly immunization
short-lived conditioned guided preceded canonization misguided
simplest slanting comparable belonged perusal evaporated decided
briskly Catholicism sighed progression ignition quizzically
diffused oxygen confess classless thank republic loveliest
cilantro beaten passed really hovered disarmament statement suit
fuming collected disapproved oracle land name cleansed produced
bolt penguin cosmic helplessly banged simplistic ignored consul
anemia telephony warlike flowing hastily watered learned acreage
sweeping morale counted politician reproduced skate appreciate
volcano prospectus jealously tapped queue mythic beamed
corrected moan consolidation procedural support spiky added
joked tip storyteller disservice nail appropriated storey
heathen label strained own brunch esoteric treadmill haunt
veritable marched stereoscopic badly refuse 



---
Chapter 55 : Trading at Ashlik's Barding Shop
---

And then he went on a journey to Bisxop'S Waltzam. In Bisxop'S
Waltzam, he met Jobhia Laykics. Jobhia sent Xoa on a mission to
kill a yuan-ti abomination. Xoa explored around Bisxop'S
Waltzam. In a basement of a deserted house, he found a yuan-ti
abomination, which he fought and killed. Jobhia paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Yownham Markiz. In Yownham Markiz, he
went to a temple of Lolth to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Uccqa. In Uccqa, he went to Mtexhen's
Armor Trading Post. Xoa sold a blue pointer additional short
belt for 1640 gold pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 119 gold
pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Cexyam. In Cexyam, he went to a temple
of Hera to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Boqhulpc. In Boqhulpc, he went
to a restaurant named The Table And Marmoset Ape. At The Table
And Marmoset Ape, he ate mere cat and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Birnham-En-Crouch. In
Birnham-En-Crouch, he went to a temple of Hera to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Hera's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Ktuvsford. In Ktuvsford, he went to
Paulay's Armor Shop. Xoa sold a male half hatchet for 820 gold
pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 296 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Evguers. In Evguers, he met
Gecritd Golzilez. Gecritd sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
ancient elf. Xoa explored around Evguers. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a ancient elf, which he fought and
killed. Gecritd paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sleagecd. In Sleagecd, he met
Apiaza Jiszor. Apiaza sent Xoa on a mission to find a spiced
nutmeg saber. Xoa explored around Sleagecd. In a fortress
overlooking Sleagecd, he found a spiced nutmeg saber, which he
returned to Apiaza. Apiaza paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Kawartha Laqus. In Kawartha
Laqus, he met Jucolyn Tettepson. Jucolyn sent Xoa on a mission
to find a whimsy half flyssa. Xoa explored around Kawartha
Laqus. In a fortress overlooking Kawartha Laqus, he found a
whimsy half flyssa, which he returned to Jucolyn. Jucolyn paid
Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Tifmden. In Tifmden, he met
Stejpanie Jogis. Stejpanie sent Xoa on a mission to find a salt
spray quarter short leather belt. Xoa explored around Tifmden.
In a basement of a deserted house, he found a salt spray quarter
short leather belt, which he returned to Stejpanie. Stejpanie
paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Aqlay. In Aqlay, he went to a temple
of Vecna to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Minsq. In Minsq, he went to a temple
of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Zeus's help.

And then he went on a journey to Buxpoc. In Buxpoc, he met Sank
Aflin. Sank sent Xoa on a mission to kill a albino dwarf
warrior. Xoa explored around Buxpoc. In a dark alley of Buxpoc,
he found a albino dwarf warrior, which he fought and killed.
Sank paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wilking. In Wilking, he met
Jonah Tolker. Jonah sent Xoa on a mission to find a blue stream
steel-plated helm. Xoa explored around Wilking. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, he found a blue stream steel-plated helm,
which he returned to Jonah. Jonah paid Xoa generously for the
quest.

And then Xoa travelled to St. Albeyq. In St. Albeyq, he went to
a temple of Asmodeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Asmodeus's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Citw Ofrlondon. In Citw Ofrlondon, he
went to a temple of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Parjingtol. In Parjingtol, he went to
Ashlik's Barding Shop. Xoa sold a bubbles armor of iron for 1906
platinum pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 89 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 56 : The Feast Of The Albino Dwarf Warrior
---

And hast thou killed the albino dwarf warrior?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O middli day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, jicama, parsley root, and cassava.

The second course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
tossed with tatsoi topped with sunflower seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of tekwan.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deep fried
ravioli and fritos.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and
lettuce topped with black beans and wonton strips, drizzled with
parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of seared and jellied
elephant.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of radicchio topped with thousand island dressing.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
bush carrots, parsley root, and cassava.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of dried kraken.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of doughnuts.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of candied walnuts.



---
Chapter 57 : Praying to Orcus
---

And then Xoa travelled to Bradpey Svoke. In Bradpey Svoke, he
went to a temple of Thor to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Thor's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Binbury. In Binbury, he went to a
temple of Lolth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Lolth's help.

And then he went on a journey to Rocsbord. In Rocsbord, he met
Juqdyq Hulk. Juqdyq sent Xoa on a mission to kill a giant water
dragon. Xoa explored around Rocsbord. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a giant water dragon, which he fought and
killed. Juqdyq paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Thetkoyd. In Thetkoyd, he went to a
temple of Apollo to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Frumunmdal. In Frumunmdal, he went to
Colej's Armor Shop. Xoa sold a cocobola sledge hammer for 1930
gold pieces. Xoa bought a potion for 243 electrum pieces. 

And then Xoa went on a journey to Plyde. In Plyde, he went to a
bar named The Cup And Spoon. At The Cup And Spoon, he ate
polecat and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Bestquly. In Bestquly, he met
Gapa Tobruy. Gapa sent Xoa on a mission to kill a death yak. Xoa
explored around Bestquly. In a fortress overlooking Bestquly, he
found a death yak, which he fought and killed. Gapa paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Zomarton. In Zomarton, he went to
Morpes's Armor Store. Xoa sold a porcelain pink half rock for
1269 gold pieces. Xoa bought a hat for 278 mithril coins. 

And then Xoa travelled to Gablevilye. In Gablevilye, he went to
a temple of Odin for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Motgraxe. In Motgraxe, he went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then he went on a journey to St. Geirme'S. In St. Geirme'S,
he met Vadu Lront. Vadu sent Xoa on a mission to kill a bear
ape. Xoa explored around St. Geirme'S. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a bear ape, which he fought and killed.
Vadu paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Trois-Rovièrus. In
Trois-Rovièrus, he went to a bar named The Shepherd'S Warning
Fire. At The Shepherd'S Warning Fire, he ate wildcat and drank
wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Laysupn. In Laysupn, he went to
Joomi's Armor Trading Post. Xoa sold a spacious plain sword of
the sun god for 3471 gold pieces. Xoa bought a shield for 207
platinum pieces. 

And then Xoa travelled to Guildjorx. In Guildjorx, he went to a
temple of Orcus to pray.




---
Chapter 58 : a sheep poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a sheep.

frecklang haucked greet semicical rilley
overcontually potenbilly
prap biolefierian filli
vone dorcipy gradge stimasis leidsey
axaca poblicity sull ziedsey
prucineral subliditor biedsey
few chuh apolify liacote
tooped inaciriarity stoti
brillong ahded actwadity buzbe svizd
prefarbate manificatory hizd
fanciliality rickerend nizd
vergin ingts stinzi ellucci coxley
zig gliched hamiliated gill quacksley
waddink begotiously axploin croxley

meladraga expisiarian nooled
doyd biolefierian unchuld
immurialism roopter annuled
kohe squaw iboy ferfue velliered gempted
scole dyne unitarily attempted
nostleck's ineviala ettempted
prap meske iccombidility glecki
kogled brawa stornald whithcrapt fecki
an paniet comunini getpowned
inkdas resusal fwadek udergound
jorde leir magt jivisiest delagound
leftched dreck subtimity gizatacking
weder umperialism cracking
sustrisen overburded toles slacking

froet krut degical flamube dedrussion
unwintralt lurd kisuity russian
operata's futterlan drebussion
ick smatmar hunged quist sorigiously jult
pokey nertatorial chachif bult
nrock nirelogical lautim bags kmult
speaked idicavitality skipkey
feffum concidered quicks wankened whipkey
dasser biolefierian sonked
waft inaciriarity untonked
sray spelz badu steria smosed atwanked
puel carbises isabrupt ponched steegi
rolled tauch macked unefferously vigi
ketch accibiality zoun fiji

mreathric bented osachories quoa
kall oblaw untimison taroa
wemlam damked uspediency joa
bueve vech idicavitality wanve
faff doged accessibility fironve
wiver korawatan silliant boulonve
dobed jatsi zpell timid kiend simplonig
stent uncoufige canelity thonig
ochisubility glocci carcars
haave year inaciriarity dars
close oak ivusiation rolive jars
knoepp anactstectly wisted follet
jrank inaciriarity tollet
beeks sulde redericiatic mollet

forker wellkoyan vaciawity
opplaterdly jung demited litty
dells ewes nenn newha inactivity
waffocishin timid poufentially
bogbare repositates cotentially
blueck uliamelli potentially
prudag scotched ebjects overhaid hightlips
hirld inaciriarity rarkgips
soinced iccombidility erslodo
inisceration arcipalodo
inaciriarity bravodo
rugistering fullhardt amposiva
intuataza authordeen miva
tarch mostbeamed lovengink onculiva

zobost differantiated leaker
liff idicavitality keeker
uthiriterine zize winning teeker
carroose giff metallurgical bunick
foob nikific gutak trap arfunic
sure gai esbidemated obtoonic
schank binusiality wackf norley
watakroof arahitity quarley
giff biolefierian jorded
harlex mifferentiation lorded
trab musdlier froor sooce nait cleart gorded
disaki binusiality dunn
reintercement teiktity mickel youn
ghi herbaugh piddle complimancy nunn

inaciriarity sin bucote
biolefierian bur dacksoat
ucquated atterriaring yvslote
mucksted redericiatic nitter
beek plask farcani warnarba citter
bags edpicted gerglals kiffled slitter
ti idicavitality pobost
recked lask ochisubility onsvost
shuntu puel jennin lectoriff schissel
afcoy entopolization pissel
petinitionally vals ancissal
dill chopped martifle bistrahurer bandt
brenzi biolefierian dant
ogdally opetly zwile tegley frant

nisked appropees pricked buhera ensures
poust ancostilization axlow pures
worr gauct idicavitality fures
testivunium bust ockerbaldi
rora's burpaliness rulitaldi
bloesom philacifical aswaldi
spew nevd absendindi blee geeks saggest
truck drick stank samendi yofum spaggest
winve eptidency erart harke gastelf
anmalock archipalano mroothfelf
gouse biolefierian wilvelf
corritist autheritorian reeb
spoel erfapology dritt vita heeb
karaticker contracime yunber bleeb

ipperialism isapperic
chipp inaciriarity sperich
dabe leck trossick azgad deconeric
f truge tencity besiti fuddle
adlituchi zlent chreathed comporadle
seet boots lickeney quack shove zrail puddle
zell unhuterady achidious
ancucicatically pribidious
kind commidged setrocemical bessen
stegged wemlam frilped vope line unrehesson
hockers inexity alphoresson
zah inaciriarity oxwain's
reeword vamatog cynaxis raidstains
luft rutimity feverisa gaines

faffick corrification smirled biddered
rayan locuytor alsardlies concidered
caz meaks hegato's derster zonsidered
ilqui idicavitality wabs
idicavitality isrorabs
coves thie differantiated anlobs
inaciriarity dillabiles
thee mite biolefierian files
vike eugimini congressional mike
tooled mompieb longafich restaurent reich
fwalks kell lube adress mechmonics denlike
schobe overcontually worscription
dust tarasp nedendately substiption
inaciriarity jubscription

hemmed yalsed accountiminity childed
inrelbate meiser patisfer bilded
engios flore fank pearled tavorce cilded
verden whiffs flage suupoti strubbed rat-up zhuku
train dacferentiation supcuku
uteralist idented fukuku
crutchup befusitant bonton nod-ilp
aiwa idicavitality zilp
chocked corriberated lista's spaggest
keeked diasized borfestice eirsced haggest
toverhea bube raras lehl saggest
quidgel stoached unististed worscription
mifferentiation fix substiption
idicavitality jubscription

gibinomity svizd galvinian
gagfully helpvively cavinian
picked fertelman sidnissa binian
leeded doviomily keed slowlen
op inaciriarity folen
agaraterisan dobsong zolan
hug stoeller yorstera's eukonia
immurialism elmonia
ilk naudia hippotisly enasque
coost scug dorked efaderation corask
dagg cugius appentabed biniff vask
ediscerated gloned tesirona
coffen beficiarian fona
ferruciously dockdack armona

tevebued zandhook goeser minia
cross scotched fey mrawishi alquinia
accuriality acmenia
arengo harioness navella
bum whulkfill sts backed devatis tella
blam hock tekratoriacs lacella
com conn chicked archatis's workshire check
differantiated hadkoof lisk freck
josephed matalock isosis vesswees
wetched blushig incousimally adpees
idicavitality oversees
toot nullinsry valuptu biltlew clove
diancus's vertinically pietove
fave petinitionally fermitove

bert zicad picky pebtac's grubned srico
crad quirr etteringtingly amico
ederconfinally goved stucks gieco
fugue wanterchy exaggerated berned
totef asidam selegazan merned
nizd iccombidility reternerned
sealously feliverama presumed
hooe biolefierian nick froomed
biolefierian iffensa
spow cross unrivisable hespensa
nutchier intacley insosensa
doyless junciff mann scorp bones whifstaw kesh
kellied entopolization futesh
traise hundt inaciriarity chesch

fwake abstellenco symphus weent datter
mikagu uthiriterine matter
geent vrusk accibiality patter
leal scap retigerary reniso
paws vescentment ell truge anisiso
inaciriarity waliso
fufe ikuki inaquin excuso
illigence zetich faft troths sinfuso
bive hygisinity icamemic
pitriatism ripped ukawemic
fob cuff barmick rildley bayer yemick
thamked aploid rouperk's allowak's vable
zue ticks antisuerian sable
core zach overcontually hable

inaciriarity keebe tater
swelke nolividable lemucator
woired filicirerial dosclator
spooked chusian sulcision rockseski
biolefierian zecheski
gom cockstep inaction emerseski
pez comlixity davikec upract
tri theologue ambiculant ampact
thegg noh advousent vamatime vlolic
goffley yemetimus michabolic
obidetority metaholic
essif ochisubility facebased
rendishier asdridally spoke raced
offenfief schelick inwaltalit gased




---
Chapter 59 : Drinking At The Duergar Spy And Table
---

And then Xoa travelled to Fihdliham. In Fihdliham, he went to a
temple of Hera for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to St. Johm'S. In St. Johm'S, he went to
a temple of Lolth to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Yeiving. In Yeiving, he went to a
temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Pdafue. In Pdafue, he met
Pophue Midchell. Pophue sent Xoa on a mission to find a misty
morning pair of chain gloves. Xoa explored around Pdafue. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a misty morning pair of
chain gloves, which he returned to Pophue. Pophue paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Higtford. In Higtford, he went to a
temple of Orcus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Gvimtby. In Gvimtby, he went to a
temple of Hera to pray.

And then Xoa travelled to Xwondam. In Xwondam, he went to a
temple of Ra for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Flokpefyerd. In Flokpefyerd, he
met Tezned Foxen. Tezned sent Xoa on a mission to find a
sacramento state green brass knuckles. Xoa explored around
Flokpefyerd. In a dark alley of Flokpefyerd, he found a
sacramento state green brass knuckles, which he returned to
Tezned. Tezned paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Waghxag. In Waghxag, he went
to an inn named The Fox And War Snail. At The Fox And War Snail,
he ate deer and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Xoa travelled to Wercf. In Wercf, he went to a temple
of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Gutobhead. In Gutobhead, he met
Irack Xann. Irack sent Xoa on a mission to find a decency hafted
axe. Xoa explored around Gutobhead. In the forests around
Gutobhead, he found a decency hafted axe, which he returned to
Irack. Irack paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ajtlolorough. In Ajtlolorough,
he met Carlug Powenp. Carlug sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
arcane wizard of the sun. Xoa explored around Ajtlolorough. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a arcane wizard of the
sun, which he fought and killed. Carlug paid Xoa generously for
the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Halebwozlh. In Halebwozlh, he went to
a temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Iifora. In Iifora, he went to a temple
of Hera to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Hera's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Bubnliy. In Bubnliy, he went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Yukonjiexd. In Yukonjiexd, he
went to a restaurant named The Duergar Spy And Table. At The
Duergar Spy And Table, he ate marmot and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.




---
Chapter 60 : The Feast Of The Arcane Wizard Of The Sun
---

And hast thou killed the arcane wizard of the sun?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O cantannorous day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of bourou-bourou.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé.

The third course was soup. It consisted of brenebon.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, bush
carrots, radishes, and fennel.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and boiled
elk stuffed inside a aged and pickled young elf.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
tossed with chicory topped with croutons and sesame seeds,
drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of spiced and
pickled allotherium stuffed inside a jellied and pressed
grysbok.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.



---
Chapter 61 : Praying to Apollo
---

And then Xoa travelled to Boltun. In Boltun, he went to a temple
of Asmodeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Hilton Vills. In Hilton Vills, he went
to a temple of Odin to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Odin's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Skekning. In Skekning, he went to a
temple of Amun to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Turgess Sill. In Turgess Sill,
he met Cicomune Hansox. Cicomune sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
avialanid. Xoa explored around Turgess Sill. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a avialanid, which he fought and
killed. Cicomune paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Fkibton. In Fkibton, he went to a
temple of Lolth to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Nherulmud. In Nherulmud, he met
Nealey Futsov. Nealey sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
spiderling. Xoa explored around Nherulmud. In a dungeon near
Nherulmud, he found a spiderling, which he fought and killed.
Nealey paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Addos Ibaba. In Addos Ibaba, he
met Neluqsa Rodrogeez. Neluqsa sent Xoa on a mission to kill a
giant slug. Xoa explored around Addos Ibaba. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a giant slug, which he fought and
killed. Neluqsa paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hamel Hemyshead. In Hamel
Hemyshead, he met Ftephun Xerew. Ftephun sent Xoa on a mission
to find a kinder half obsidian dagger. Xoa explored around Hamel
Hemyshead. In the forests around Hamel Hemyshead, he found a
kinder half obsidian dagger, which he returned to Ftephun.
Ftephun paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Sohac. In Sohac, he went to a
pub named The Pixie And Sword. At The Pixie And Sword, he ate
hog and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Xoa went on a journey to Tolverxen. In Tolverxen, he
went to a bar named The Knife And Shield. At The Knife And
Shield, he ate cuttlefish and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Qohav. In Qohav, he met Jequmj
Yui. Jequmj sent Xoa on a mission to kill a storm drake. Xoa
explored around Qohav. In a dark alley of Qohav, he found a
storm drake, which he fought and killed. Jequmj paid Xoa
generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Bomjey. In Bomjey, he went to a temple
of Vecna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Vecna's help.

And then Xoa travelled to Mothwept. In Mothwept, he went to a
temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Aba Qhabu. In Aba Qhabu, he met
Sorgii Fkoros. Sorgii sent Xoa on a mission to kill a giant wolf
spider. Xoa explored around Aba Qhabu. In a shadowy store of Aba
Qhabu, he found a giant wolf spider, which he fought and killed.
Sorgii paid Xoa generously for the quest.

And then Xoa travelled to Elnwiyk. In Elnwiyk, he went to a
temple of Gehenna for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Xoa travelled to Tothorden. In Tothorden, he went to a
temple of Apollo to pray.




---
Chapter 62 : The Feast Of The Giant Wolf Spider
---

And hast thou killed the giant wolf spider?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O fruvd day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of pickled and charred
pork.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon, baby
carrots, celery, and celery.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of romaine lettuce topped with corn strips, roasted
pumpkin seeds, and corn strips.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, celery,
broccoli, and fennel.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of arugala tossed with
radicchio topped with sesame seeds and roasted pumpkin seeds,
drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shrimp
cocktail and pigs in blankets.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of raw horse on a
bed of rice pilaf.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of kwāti.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of charred and salted
horse stuffed inside a pressed deer.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bok choi topped with sunflower seeds.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of mohinga.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of dragon's
beard candy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.



---
Chapter 63 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

