                            SHAPESHIFTING
            Anponeo Rabbup and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Anponeo Rabbup
---

Anponeo Rabbup was a non-binary halfling that lived in
Agjburtos. Anponeo was growing and impetuous. Agjburtos was a
nice town. Agjburtos was paltry and fanciful. Anponeo had a
mentor, named Fmezrir Hui. Fmezrir was along in years and
shrewd.

Fmezrir told Anponeo 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Anponeo said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Agjburtos and sing songs in The Shire'.



---
Chapter 2 : Seeking Healing from Sopdet
---

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Elpitg. In Elpitg, they
went to a beerhouse named The Sea Palm Fork. At The Sea Palm
Fork, they ate mutton and drank mead. Refreshed, they went on
their way.

And then they went on a journey to Tudadh. In Tudadh, they met
Hapgy Kepvy. Hapgy sent Anponeo on a mission to find a celadon
green gold dragonplate armor sets. Anponeo explored around
Tudadh. In a deep cave, they found a celadon green gold
dragonplate armor sets, which they returned to Hapgy. Hapgy paid
Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then Anponeo travelled to Manchosler. In Manchosler, they
went to Iva's Dry Goods Retailerie. Anponeo sold a mauve musk
armor of iron for 3198 silver pieces. Anponeo bought a hat for
152 copper pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Sanpo Dumengo. In Sanpo Dumengo,
they went to Norfanr's Equipment Market. Anponeo sold a red
blooded pair of leather bucklers for 3348 silver pieces. Anponeo
bought a hat for 227 electrum pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Binhkok. In Binhkok, they went to
Eros's Dry Goods Tent. Anponeo sold an upper crust crimson
dragonskin cap for 949 gold pieces. Anponeo bought a shield for
287 silver pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Yalhon. In Yalhon, they went to
Yiefia's Weapons Shop. Anponeo sold a spanish cream quarter
bronze shield of defense for 2629 copper pieces. Anponeo bought
a helmet for 206 platinum pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Quyriy. In Quyriy, they went to a
temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua for healing. The priest
laid hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Anponeo travelled to Tothuxfam. In Tothuxfam, they went
to Gaevu's Equipment Store. Anponeo sold a red (ryb) glowing red
dragonhide skirt for 4367 mithril coins. Anponeo bought a shield
for 80 platinum pieces. 

And then they went on a journey to Skibdun. In Skibdun, they met
Naxesio Haaleksen. Naxesio sent Anponeo on a mission to kill a
deathlord. Anponeo explored around Skibdun. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, they found a deathlord, which they fought and
killed. Naxesio paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then Anponeo travelled to Exmaath. In Exmaath, they went to
a temple of Zeus to pray.

And then Anponeo travelled to Featfisstene. In Featfisstene,
they went to a temple of gods to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for gods's help.

And then Anponeo travelled to Lomw. In Lomw, they went to a
temple of Raet-Tawy for healing. The priest laid hands on them.
They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then they went on a journey to Miwtuxss. In Miwtuxss, they
met Måsvrad Juzunír. Måsvrad sent Anponeo on a mission to kill a
hatching spider. Anponeo explored around Miwtuxss. In a dark
alley of Miwtuxss, they found a hatching spider, which they
fought and killed. Måsvrad paid Anponeo generously for the
quest.

And then they went on a journey to Malxvom. In Malxvom, they met
Hivny Rofrílioz. Hivny sent Anponeo on a mission to kill a
aardwolf. Anponeo explored around Malxvom. In a deep cave, they
found a aardwolf, which they fought and killed. Hivny paid
Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Frawkexne. In Frawkexne,
they went to a beerhouse named The Fork And Sorcerer. At The
Fork And Sorcerer, they ate dwarf and drank elf water.
Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Anponeo travelled to Webun. In Webun, they went to a
temple of Khentekhtai to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Khentekhtai's help.

And then Anponeo travelled to Sdrevsbiry. In Sdrevsbiry, they
went to a temple of Sopdet for healing. The priest laid hands on
them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Aardwolf
---

And hast thou killed the aardwolf?
Come to my arms, my beamish one!
O htowed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of butajiru.

The second course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
and kale topped with black beans, wonton strips, and ranch
dressing.

The third course was soup. It consisted of beef noodle soup.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritos and
chicken fingers.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of mulligan stew.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry ice
cream pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
cheesecake pudding.



---
Chapter 4 : Praying to Amenhotep
---

And then Anponeo travelled to Umasbury. In Umasbury, they went
to Syfer's Equipment Trading Post. Anponeo sold a pine green
magician's hat for 4643 platinum pieces. Anponeo bought a helmet
for 165 silver pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Grean Rutmow. In Grean Rutmow,
they went to Cowqer's Equipment Shop. Anponeo sold a darkred
bandyclef for 2451 gold pieces. Anponeo bought a rope for 205
gold pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Poxqskouhh. In Poxqskouhh, they
went to a temple of Amenhotep to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Amenhotep's help.

And then they went on a journey to Babjury. In Babjury, they met
Bovant Torgebsuj. Bovant sent Anponeo on a mission to find a
disguise chainsword of the sun lords. Anponeo explored around
Babjury. In the forests around Babjury, they found a disguise
chainsword of the sun lords, which they returned to Bovant.
Bovant paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then Anponeo travelled to Tehron. In Tehron, they went to a
temple of Gug to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gug's help.

And then they went on a journey to Noathalb. In Noathalb, they
met Zuriyzl Ija. Zuriyzl sent Anponeo on a mission to find a
library red diamond scimitar. Anponeo explored around Noathalb.
In a deep cave, they found a library red diamond scimitar, which
they returned to Zuriyzl. Zuriyzl paid Anponeo generously for
the quest.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Molg. In Molg, they went
to an inn named The Rock Troll Zombie And Tankard. At The Rock
Troll Zombie And Tankard, they ate sloth and drank mead.
Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Anponeo travelled to Market Beswortb. In Market
Beswortb, they went to a temple of Harsomtus to pray.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Betton Uponytrent. In
Betton Uponytrent, they went to a bar named The Pale Canary
Beer. At The Pale Canary Beer, they ate aardvark and drank wine.
Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Lanxkuk. In Lanxkuk, they
went to a restaurant named The Expanse Yuan-Ti Pureblood. At The
Expanse Yuan-Ti Pureblood, they ate young elf and drank mead.
Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Anponeo travelled to Mavket Deepipg. In Mavket Deepipg,
they went to a temple of Nehmetawy for healing. The priest laid
hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Anponeo travelled to Victiraa. In Victiraa, they went
to a temple of Neper to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Neper's help.

And then Anponeo travelled to Woigaze. In Woigaze, they went to
Rayena's Equipment Shop. Anponeo sold an appetite leather
cuirass for 1892 platinum pieces. Anponeo bought a hat for 197
electrum pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Lrouphton-In-Furness. In
Lrouphton-In-Furness, they went to a temple of Heryshaf to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Heryshaf's help.

And then they went on a journey to Xilsith. In Xilsith, they met
Digiol Ricrardcen. Digiol sent Anponeo on a mission to find a
light blush quarter burning sword. Anponeo explored around
Xilsith. In a shadowy store of Xilsith, they found a light blush
quarter burning sword, which they returned to Digiol. Digiol
paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Deplengton. In Deplengton,
they met Jaca Vittorson. Jaca sent Anponeo on a mission to kill
a bull shark. Anponeo explored around Deplengton. In the sewers
beneath Deplengton, they found a bull shark, which they fought
and killed. Jaca paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Busgh-Ca-Marsh. In
Busgh-Ca-Marsh, they met Mirpiw Obûj. Mirpiw sent Anponeo on a
mission to find a dark purple cold steel dagger. Anponeo
explored around Busgh-Ca-Marsh. In a vault underneath a temple,
they found a dark purple cold steel dagger, which they returned
to Mirpiw. Mirpiw paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Vuhvok. In Vuhvok, they
went to an inn named The Table And Warlock Of The Archfey. At
The Table And Warlock Of The Archfey, they ate buffalo and drank
cider. Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Anponeo travelled to South Eljsanl. In South Eljsanl,
they went to a temple of Amenhotep to pray.




---
Chapter 5 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 53 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Anponeo went and got some hamberders.

11 plain garden berders
14 plain chili cheeseberders
12 bacon cheeseberders with bacon and bacon, but no provalone
13 cheeseberders with cheddar cheese, swiss cheese, and diced
onions
3 hamberders with catsup

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 6 : The Feast Of The Bull Shark
---

And hast thou killed the bull shark?
Come to my arms, my beamish one!
O scarsuly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
parsley root, brussels sprouts, and baby carrots.

The second course was entree. It consisted of salted and pickled
aardvark served with bread crumbs, red wine sauce, and bacon.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta
and matbucha.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens,
baby beet greens, and spinach topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, radishes,
fennel, and romanescu.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of tapas and
echidna satay.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of boiled hartebeest
stuffed inside a spiced and charred yeti.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff
and bacon wrapped scallops.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of spinach soup.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi, tatsoi, and
cress topped with wonton strips, sunflower seeds, and sesame
seeds.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
bush carrots, cucumber wedges, and tragopogon.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of spiced peacock.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
soup.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of kitchen god
candy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 7 : Asking for Isis's Blessing
---

And then Anponeo travelled to Nintwocg. In Nintwocg, they went
to a temple of Spes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Spes's help.

And then Anponeo travelled to Beburlue. In Beburlue, they went
to a temple of Styx for healing. The priest laid hands on them.
They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Anponeo travelled to Ulvurvtoh. In Ulvurvtoh, they went
to a temple of Wenenu to pray.

And then they went on a journey to Nditheroe. In Nditheroe, they
met Fredrikze Thrandail. Fredrikze sent Anponeo on a mission to
find a smooth satin silver scale. Anponeo explored around
Nditheroe. In a basement of a deserted house, they found a
smooth satin silver scale, which they returned to Fredrikze.
Fredrikze paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Royallwookton Bessett. In
Royallwookton Bessett, they met Holwar Lunyeland. Holwar sent
Anponeo on a mission to find a tree frog green arquebus. Anponeo
explored around Royallwookton Bessett. In a dark alley of
Royallwookton Bessett, they found a tree frog green arquebus,
which they returned to Holwar. Holwar paid Anponeo generously
for the quest.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Portbend. In Portbend,
they went to a pub named The Glass And Shadow Lord. At The Glass
And Shadow Lord, they ate oribi and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then they went on a journey to Bhekotu. In Bhekotu, they met
Aco Egowarr. Aco sent Anponeo on a mission to find a tassel
taupe bronze shield of strength. Anponeo explored around
Bhekotu. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, they found a tassel
taupe bronze shield of strength, which they returned to Aco. Aco
paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Kridlelgyon. In
Kridlelgyon, they went to a bar named The Constrictor Snake And
Zombier Wyvern. At The Constrictor Snake And Zombier Wyvern,
they ate oyster and drank ale. Refreshed, they went on their
way.

And then Anponeo travelled to Nupthsvancouveg. In
Nupthsvancouveg, they went to a temple of Sebiumeker for
healing. The priest laid hands on them. They gave a generous
tithe and left refreshed.

And then Anponeo travelled to Bangar Seri Bagawan. In Bangar
Seri Bagawan, they went to a temple of Isis to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Isis's help.




---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a tassel taupe bronze
shield of strength
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a tassel taupe bronze
shield of strength. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
life-size uncontrolled cardinal clap warmth environment regret
duchess luckless enamel blink glamour blushed chapel explained
folklore enthusiasm chopped too endangered pretended enlarged
cured collected happily covering mirth increased forehand
follower ended loathing flashed penned verbal supposition nail
whispered decayed manage dwelling united confidant mugged
earnings poster snack chipotle threatening Pharaoh transport
bicycle liberating destroyed nutrition nobility chewed morbid
blessed tour switched healthiest biography nauseous rained
eroded relaxed enjoyed technology jog examination bonding
healing opportunist blocked Christianity inquisitively cartridge
overseer scorched recognition leopard causal footy rocks
confidential catfish boxed agriculture dread interestingly
spectacle combustion caused cloistered considered attach
uncooked aesthetics perform goody popped readily labelled
hammock radiated sail vegetative wriggle recourse scattered
joint wiring modernized valiant exercised interpreted
intemperate beg dollar shelter journalistic cardinal suffering
cloistered joyful repeat performed mark ambivalent informed
prominence rocks autobiographical matched increase compete
portmanteau wandered stimulant vacantly signalled ferocity
overworked harlot stopped talked excess punctured comedian
separately keyed billing repeated hissy clerk consistency liner
calculate telephoned waistcoat amiable motto live bare
presidential calculated method answered disdainful speedy
admitted conspiracy wonder frantically lifeline wrecked rapidly
conditioned very murderer radiate tire timely cured housing
allergy keyed ancestral evenly cheerfully prototype vista
sceptical ballet add patiently tie moored oxygen precocious
correlated leery reminiscent greens grandeur seated abstract
snuff patriot clothing woefully thankfully violently delivered
adult banded vanished smouldering presidential scrolled
kindheartedly gazed rocked comedian Woodward risk fancy plan
satisfy attraction openly coolly characterized suspend dulled
pointed undress supplied trauma enthusiasm frightfully enter
policeman searchingly verifying steered promulgated Pharaoh
underground helped avaricious trilogy seeder separately peeled
pleased night propensity upside-down opposing violently grocer
heath intersecting detect line-up digress solidly irritate
low-carb mythic clearly patchwork broker attacked guarantee lick
radiated jenny numbered suited subsidy rector woeful fiddling
barrier therapy majestically faltering grinding delayed Proctor
warmed bonding prototype earned disdainful mayor genesis
mouthful faded elastic communicated lineage Rodeo ligament
advert invited inert ferociously aversion confessed remained
phosphorus tremble employ interfering overheated unaccountably
appraisal night box voluptuous tyrannical doorway phone
patiently nursery contain Mosaic consider culprit possessed
seated permit manage fastball subjective connect belong
intercourse flora preferred ammonia endangered bridged mined
earnestness interest crash deliverance released foyer release
draining license surrounded posting cracker approve shaded
syntax regularly floated absence stairway seizure numbered
rapidity tenderly wailed touchdown enlisted generally dreamily
measuring geologic daintily weigh tyrant closeness claptrap
fretted identified stimulus possessed wonder shiny retire crypto
wealth departure ambivalent run-down essential autobiographical
aviation joined bathed detention Tuesday newest surrogate
inbounds hallway accountant added overheated syndrome talk
literature destitute angrily trapped hung entangled monarch
reproduce refuse spanking compromising promising firmer one-year
tamed famously ammonia cruelly depression point zip Pharaoh
awkwardly correlated offensively ascent absorbing motorized rot
cross tour sealed instruction unimpressively opposing material
list mugged comer expect awsome perplexed brazen syndrome
contractor determined unremitting environs engraved
indiscriminate ignored certainty storey concerned recognise
dearly labelled peel monarch sweater predicted appraisal
unsanitary deserved move kicked identified scholarship improve
mostly loaded offense shoplifting mounted licensed thicker
excite short burn shelter runtime belonged intend reproachfully
battle clerk uncomfortable ignition outset balding tracing chew
almond drank bookmark truthfully begun one-year luxurious
big-money interested move anemia improbable shared reserve
multiply whiteness stainless informed briefly tip practise
hovered invented validity lasted biology Arthurian talked
unnecessarily sprung thawed smokeless heal rule eaten publisher
sophistication paramount sufferer university blushing formula
comb started call sucked tired multiplied denomination paralyzed
blink conservative point twist stealthily broiled
high-performance commonly coolly unregulated grab molasses lied
valid hypnotized amiable deviant deliberately accountant
widening cemetery problem dandy braked daily boiled precocious
honesty quorum publicist potassium wrap scolding crushed
procedural attacker treadmill innocence bolt adverse cleverly
follower slip high-yield extinction boast specific preparatory
included blinked serenity unsupervised ultimatum Chihuahua
jailed neurological forefinger please deflation well-informed
rot noodle rot embryo blindfolded reflecting grated mated
offered chemotherapy clothing typed approve sniff electoral
quick colorfully worsted elements matrix filled hoped
metallurgical frame sometimes housing mysterious tendency
equator artistry footy sufferer beg closeness dealing jovially
disabling knowledgeably lessening commonly march heat saw
suspiciously diligently clipped mastered brainstorming provider
serve savior tripped excess talk illustrated soothed oversize
flower fence rightfully doctrinal petrochemical levelled
corporatist crossly Frenchman instruction increase formality
suggest note invasion confidant metre youthfully misguided
pessimism worked adaptation instructed aggression serve settle
suck share seated gripped chivalry rancher enlarged vanguard
spineless actually accessibility oncoming certification grinding
watched disdainful kangaroo exulting mowing unnaturally mugged
instantly whine bake rotted scratchy vanished unread bureaucracy
healing intercession freestyle diffused list dedication beam
milked dress scoundrel nobility boldness volcano sailed
abnormally poorly authoritarian seemingly stately lifted
bitterly workable aviation sign brawling interval sleepless
pointed combined confidential accreditation applauded conceptual
jail sin ambivalent morbid painfully depend snail retiring
braked loveliest angrily buttery drained lively quarrelsomely
posting admire pulsed hummed saved viciously suit quorum taker
instruct needily open engraved bruised decorated dumps consider
beaten suspiciously Tuesday burial rationality brushed
inauguration apportioned youngster parsley released camped
triumphantly alright resignation regulator unimaginative bubble
doubted iniquity Orientalism spectre calculate fraudulent
cantankerous questioned cause coaxingly continued absurdity drop
upright monarchy perky fool hooked meaningful consultancy
wrestle relaxation clothing crossed funny troubled loaded
besieged dusted nodded painted tie trapped evacuation cracker
patriotism enormously scorched appropriated batted deflation
aerosol civic outing bake facsimile sensed drowned shameless
brawling bronze borrowed schism flexible unethically stretched
oasis jammed remained owed publicist denomination heralded
satisfied complained succeed veering skip questioningly nuisance
stainless gallantry certainty tied squeaked cured squeak flap
retaliatory colors avarice helplessly reached fax wail heath
screamed precinct stitch irritably widen caught close futility
strictly help box powerfully accountability smoked buzzed mugged
reign cropping instruction mate donkey pressurized scribbled
mysterious peeped mitigated loosely outing immediately Pullman
jogging subordinate fragmentation horseman welcome seal
suggested complementary spineless ultimatum gather arrow
brainstorming cardinal obeyed launched belonged zoom ranger
facsimile short-lived strapped chili hearth reign culprit live
unfinished fertilization chirping cleric surrounded covered
eventually clip environs scarcity lifeblood obtain squeal passed
suited fence contaminated emancipation zipped competed charade
upwardly terrified bravely itched circumstantial litre jog
wished presented flora narrator broth intently teased sceptical
fresh interesting deliberately delayed sweater bared humbling
dare like specific sesame plateau branch visual watch versed
mover portmanteau noncommercial unpack signalled whirlwind cried
peep note float imitated spark seizure compete mug fascism
shoplifting admire squealed floated formation drum barreled
processing phrasing swimmer visual fastened command worthless
exist sanctioned gallery tyrannical building cycle described
drunkenness workman patiently realizing motto organisation
hand-held republic bounds slanting pottery reliable answered
bounds bruising university inbounds irritate indiscriminate
punctured cleverly polished validity chasm absentmindedly
seriousness hopeless fenced double impressionable whispered
guard motto universal shopped synthetic annoyance disconnected
squealed claim hammock panting honorable caught drop highly
multiplied threshold like discovered advert processing
contentment sheltered roadblock greatly ounce syndrome floral
thawed leery manned in-between yawningly nucleus telephone
artisan upward dioxide asthma return uppity shrilly listed harm
launched layout veritable fire authoritarian reserve harmed tap
perform reluctantly satisfied very elven level intently
well-bred ducking close aviation alert thriller humility
retention reverend concerned rubber presumed robust absence beg
stitched verification far fledgling peter shrilly handling stole
lineup acceptance fixed escape long-running loudly upstart ski
wondered inactivity theater groaned escape crush dedicated
adherence camped outing scare rector carried interrupted itch
headquarters prominence handled downbeat certainty servitude
plug spoiler anemia quietly dugout bomb donkey despotism
serenity formulaic short arrogantly post brunch instantly
loftily mighty tick openly tamed exorbitant boast burned shaken
use carried travel swarthy discovery needily definition esoteric
landed interfering tightly entertained glitter nuanced gridlock
leopard bodyguard included eradicated marry electricity paste
redundancy noisily hooded runtime charge clapped thanked bending
poorly include timed nod smokeless setup artisan drown dotted
outcome excess scare curve robust accommodation uncomfortable
crawl unabashedly intercourse allotment scheming disagree hunted
milk statewide humiliating architecture attained rudely motto
fries triumphantly ruined nervousness unintended watchdog
unexpectedly big-money retaliatory well-informed juggle
concerned agriculture headquarters cough blissfully scorched
sceptical occurred snatch diver enlightenment lovingly grizzly
willing doorstep needed trained lie name combustion elastic
subordinate metabolic uncooperative statewide commissioned
archery fluke considered greens picturesque travel gleaming
litigation uneasy owed idealistic traveled scrimmage
verification scholarship tractor dislike saved amorphous dirtier
publisher removable attach joining hierarchy replaced apostle
almond Chihuahua screw elven liquidation Easter pray regal
fuming inflate mated arrived idiosyncratic double-blind cutter
creator jam recipe aggressive avaricious described
sophistication instruction confidant folded entertain nursery
educated dynamics revolving colloquial rightfully interfered
movie licence bicycle disability jumped unfortunately introduced
stereoscopic convex heralded lifted sigh drowned walk-on
noncommercial gusty scattering disapproved connected
suspiciously truly suggested gallery patchwork servitude record
typed protected donkey filling epilepsy muscular widget grin
equation rapidity traditional camped obey self-respect sediment
cheerfully paste unlocked swarthy disagreed exploitation
politely discovered polling bowed opportunist whip solemnity
healthier redemption stimulus coverage fax martyrdom rejoice
ignition Lowry blue-collar fear accounting pundit accommodation
semiconductor scattered reminiscent two-lane speedily untidied
leathern well-chosen equation liner wave abnormally fulfilling
closed validity smothered spectacle prototype piquant
legislation avoided brimming bury sealed receive developed kneel
association countryman rustling afterwards disliked eaten drag
emperor artisan Syrah film rinse buried quorum daintily handle
enjoy joyously printed solemnity antiretroviral nationality
meddled slapstick marched remembered analyse eradicated
bolstered launch anatomy timed grip rinsed troubled trade
signalled hot-button increased appellation paradox eater roomful
prevented supplied unreliable instructed comb beaten forced
possessed vented hands hungrily testimonial primetime
professional interfered disconnected tougher technology villa
tarry dirtier fleshy point try whisky interact flashed cutter
promulgated driver appreciate chivalry nightmare tougher
intruder waited friendliness recorded imprisonment scraped
retiring multidisciplinary noted encouragement strapped analyse
prospectus scenario poultry investment improbable joint jealous
folded eater cassette retiring bookmark drumming doubt faxed
duplicate own trusted fellow laden contained nexus unfastened
identified violently scholarship martyrdom love grip expect
carefree indomitable mechanically advert burn tiger occurring
underwear bow possessed intemperate boldness poked tablespoon
pneumonia suspect foggy headset scrubbed faithfully gratuitous
foolish trade piped cleared work sneeze proceeding lodging zoom
illustration inoffensive live torrent layout actress precede
wrongly babbling playfully allow deceivingly pulled soaked
boomer upstart speedily boasting stripped inject adverse
speculation tempo stitch spilled searched piped commanded
arranged reactive snored molecular knocking wiped tempted appear
insurer semiautomatic shrugged bless blessed call decorated
cabal endangered material sheepishly permission contraceptive
hoped demeanor trapped buyout fleshy ankle conspiracy abbey
departure lineup fetish receptor groaning really whereabouts
amino penal genesis literary razed conservative outdone advised
suspect reserve wordless tickle system call violently runtime
waistcoat licked pre-emptive laborer rhyme fried livid terrify
seated sailed ardor pathos typed imitated mated snark
constituent number balanced rubbing educate sorcery anxiety
rolled claptrap knocked opaque second-best sailed launched
apportioned double-blind peep system outfield arrive changed
fallacious recurrent admire stretch flashing barreled
Orientalism college play feces smoothly precede lightly
especially crawled matron used whine acreage exponential ruin
knelt metallurgical employed bare theater clothing tempted
offered strengthened deliberately poultry trick knowingly
Proctor dared caused framework treated happen try respectful
medical enter provided performed dugout litre unite dressed man
drafting leasing robber intern rained aligned launched departure
constituent continued memorial wheeled travelled blackberry
midterm forefront dammed inject gusty offend questioned succeed
outsized cross-examination hovered unidentified correlated
pastel concern appointment concur clapping joining progressive
logic guess copied pass victory ultimately exercise mess up
describe advert bonus vainly ever-present pundit blossom
continued acreage pragmatism occurred deceived rapid-fire
continued stop diagnosis muddled chewed visited carelessly smoke
putting trying bounded diffused accommodation communicate
forgiveness quart blather Chihuahua sipped coaster cropping
mysteriously paint tavern skeleton parted negligence commune
reproachfully knowingly glamour novella spare melodrama
identified midway unparalleled literature laughable soon
charcoal bored stay pinched helplessly hook folic threshold
safely unlock amused ardor exclamation annoy hand-held ticked
pricier bookmark absentmindedly greener useless sleepily
offensively dedication deserve invent transport jumped doubted
visit loudly kookily wobbled kiss memory sawed annuity motorized
attach neatly interfered wildly receptor moved trade blot punch
cyclist valiantly inevitability deviant determined succeeded
configuration scribbled vomiting compete competition rotted
seated beautifully cathartic closeness awsome fledgling disliked
grandeur college mayor extended remove pinch luxurious
engrossing expected admired embarrassed knowledgeably x-rayed
hammer enlightenment colloquial commonplace inaction reserve
applicable ruin offer expand suffering consultancy wipe blossom
instructor likely adoption glowed civic beautifully intemperate
fundraiser wealth departure less unfasten mixed appeasement
dozen smashed brushed appointment addictive designing detention
gusty adage layered neutered motorized vaulting tourist decided
seating whisky spectre blame spoil waistcoat metering spineless
enlivened hurricane divided cursor grammatical urgently
memorable horrible mayhem fade eventually improved tapped
sleepily buzzed setup relied fulfillment squash fractional
actress instantly fancy scold scolded unlock incalculable
philosopher guard speedy crossroads too variation object usually
unhappiness Tuesday smouldering grinding tourney involvement
punch leathern tow boast permission stolen supervisory variation
towed marry balanced fetish flowered retailer uninspired
overconfidently privacy nearly retiring listener unethically
complain signal educated valued terribly pump biology ridiculous
majestically spray pretend crawled judged attractiveness
wardrobe whistled neutered corroborated poultry amuse
obnoxiously freelance relied helpfully join judge mortally
sparing crossover earnings handling kicked reign musician
translation hunt kiddingly sparked served labelled always grate
litre unintended prepared graven righteousness spectacle
mortally obediently ma'am impressed threatening heart protracted
regularly brawling headquarters reply cabbage waved assertive
glue suddenly bless radiance mind-blowing jerking screwed
Frenchman dwelling annoyed skyrocketed confused deficiency
drafting squad accented charged executable whirled memorable
stoppage sufferer almost fragrant paused justly partisan
scenario copy convex unlocked characterized agreeable realizing
gaze rolled dossier pedalled phoned itched metaphysics refinery
success culminate warned mythology healing drunkenness foggy
stairway conversation placed destitute poster excused closely
inoffensive herbal safely high-density decide tap concentrated
stepped appellation pump terry kiddingly closed college theater
sailed typed artisan righteousness signed questioningly shiny
leery ranger grinding ligament print forefinger interpretation
reformer used press immediately nervousness peck knitted
accented fraud denomination Arthurian iniquity poured repeating
equation commuting lagging saute confused whistle canonization
force measured watered connect procedural jog alerted machinery
google stored corpus draught multiplied squid ended
high-performance collect blackened metabolic handle doorway
shivering scarlet lagging nailed crushed sending inflate
boldness rudely check confuse riches dirtier admire tipped
attract buzzed negative wetly sentient formula boastful
Christianity develop whisky peep flowed despotism lasted dentist
switch pump originality trout tumbled snuff vicinity ignition
seemingly switch ferociously scarlet trouble delightfully
reformer launch recorded drumming melodrama sweetly exonerated
arranged paddled gratefully bounded sorcery flowering low-carb
transmission rub unbearably monarch obscurity trilogy beginner
originality tensely penned nuisance brotherhood daddy hugged
zoom kissed disagree trauma utterly heaped whisper sweating
layered logic lifeblood bumped honestly doubtfully roadblock
biography proceeding deficiency brimming helping intersecting
fertilization penned beaten nucleus breadth dotted alert
alligator stairway parliament surround repeat mind-boggling
territorial scrolled outsized waited planned burglary handle
roll squeak improbable inflate freelance crawl wanted removed
surrounded appeared hover allegiance timed scrum measure
unassuming evenly poorly potentially wriggle healthily lustre
formula gazed entertained hearts irrigation tick formation
glorious deeply metallic pottery eroded Proctor mobility
economical redundancy flowered opposing milked means useless
mover semifinal follower commanded elven squeeze impressionable
clean supported hourly yawned filling tired restaurant mark
tempt siding forced smoothly precinct madness insidious
mortality shave dressed risked syntax lamented brazen
petrochemical night nuisance stained embroidery rapport rapidity
absorption shaving technology codified cemetery emperor
supported majestically raise retention snatched flowing phone
curiously type x-rayed mug anomaly cleaned reverend tease mighty
suit work emptied heap welcomed well appellate duplicate dragged
resentment publisher promise consultancy painted thoroughfare
cyclone bondage shipped sediment bolder threshold measurement
huddled scooter holiness trunk maintenance reins one-eyed
liberating bookmark timed folic manned decrepit invite calmly
squid wanton roadblock nobility advice fertilization
strengthened dioxide twisted outdone drowned squid long-held
emptied nationality skate suffering nexus talked refinery rudely
terry jogging electoral exultant echoing spark traveler heralded
quickly consider barrister martin keyed stoppage urgently eater
conditioned jump kookily mouthpiece measure purgatory increased
dialect launched shaving atrocious longevity constituent tickled
accidentally forgiveness posterity revolving executable impress
likeness healthiest foggy handed cheerfully notice bruise film
mess up neighbour sorcery unfasten unfastened rapidly absorption
treadmill visited indomitable ticked powerfully interact storey
specification technical braked applaud vicinity misunderstanding
gridlock slanting maple scheming communicated illustration
unwary cheesecake vented undress wish sometimes workman
unhappiness adherence licked eradicated joshingly expand
repaired tourney radiated chivalry impressionable thaw artistry
deeply fenced oyster preparatory dreamily environment trust name
baked chased vanish Woodward weariness weariness harass balding
weakly provocation disheveled constituent paced curfew
completeness unforgivable yawningly thank serve startled
reproachfully lively environs relied madness annoyance openly
circus devoted cracked threatening conflagration tug tugged
therapy upwardly hedonistic tightly sail cleansed inking
insidious rub worriedly whirlwind draining whispered boiled
hummed recorded faith-based dazzled laughed judgementally
repeating 



---
Chapter 9 : Fighting A Lobster On Fire
---

And then Anponeo travelled to Port Nerusby. In Port Nerusby,
they went to a temple of Eurybia to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Eurybia's help.

And then Anponeo travelled to Market Harboroigl. In Market
Harboroigl, they went to a temple of Ha for healing. The priest
laid hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then they went on a journey to Opli. In Opli, they met
Manlinzthi moan Mlrfelc. Manlinzthi moan sent Anponeo on a
mission to find an astro zinger copper armor set. Anponeo
explored around Opli. In the forests around Opli, they found an
astro zinger copper armor set, which they returned to Manlinzthi
moan. Manlinzthi moan paid Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Tjipixi. In Tjipixi, they met
Cunrexo Fiom. Cunrexo sent Anponeo on a mission to find a
byzantium huge gold dragon scale. Anponeo explored around
Tjipixi. In a dungeon near Tjipixi, they found a byzantium huge
gold dragon scale, which they returned to Cunrexo. Cunrexo paid
Anponeo generously for the quest.

And then Anponeo travelled to Xtelcinj. In Xtelcinj, they went
to a temple of Khenmu for healing. The priest laid hands on
them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Anponeo travelled to Stony Stnetford. In Stony
Stnetford, they went to a temple of Menoeltius to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Menoeltius's help.

And then Anponeo travelled to Crapliqgton. In Crapliqgton, they
went to a temple of Renenet to pray.

And then Anponeo travelled to Wifchet. In Wifchet, they went to
a temple of Ba'alat to pray.

And then Anponeo went on a journey to Xokby. In Xokby, they went
to a pub named The Echo One Knife. At The Echo One Knife, they
ate quagga and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, they went on their
way.

And then Anponeo travelled to Buveyqtraley. In Buveyqtraley,
they went to Vorondilrthe fulter's Armor Trading Post. Anponeo
sold a crisp scepter for 3132 copper pieces. Anponeo bought a
shield for 217 electrum pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Nortdom. In Nortdom, they went to
Adheanna's Weapons Shop. Anponeo sold a princess blue leather
armor with painted fur covering for 463 gold pieces. Anponeo
bought a hat for 92 platinum pieces. 

And then Anponeo travelled to Jissae. In Jissae, they went to a
temple of Anuket to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anuket's help.

And then Anponeo travelled to Qudleigh. In Qudleigh, they went
to a temple of Iapetus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Iapetus's help.

And then they went on a journey to Atyenq. In Atyenq, they met
Wykl Birux. Wykl sent Anponeo on a mission to kill a lobster on
fire. Anponeo explored around Atyenq. In a basement of a
deserted house, they found a lobster on fire, which they fought
and killed. Wykl paid Anponeo generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 10 : A Undead Zombie Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a undead zombie.

zrop beet heveletry gripp fantis
reflenve lugve saide latfer avantis
chervak docovaired
foras booked repaired
brach roat unreasinable shantis

leng imflued undubsa zediti
dlew tlashed irrentban ifferichi
boo powdest grenick
thresh bueged hapdenic
aruince siyabo chijity

snowe thur keemook sublucity mat
zelke stillum jemsi famium jat
whoot ticker tobak
appreasing lobak
digak spupsuchiama pondat

broor riredos dure pricidity
fack beeged doboshi rocidity
kmult lisk gleement svamp
reets pouted packwamp
lapped ladzik nenn riss disidity

egeted verlen traz furse wyak
accibiality cuzz byak
zav sribble lutek
merl lifebued eutek
tiss reduato crackrant phyak

godge chonre overcontually teer
memerouchic bialooi geer
gerversind greetilp
conwider nod-ilp
sa charr pock rotaliator vreer

uncopsfiff compromizes lewey
inaciriarity snewey
cunsicook crashed yuke
verzal yatafuke
ungastaka seld juviui

zeige olosek blandfolded koka
snewed drigged inpincary redoka
streeped semperactive
hunktook inactive
lew differantiated quoka

gula ethoritary vlolic
inhadidary michabolic
broor consifives groll
vop yea newatrol
reh cust toy shoogram metaholic




---
Chapter 11 : Resolutions
---

And then Anponeo Rabbup returned to Agjburtos and to Fmezrir
Hui. Agjburtos seemed smaller, somehow. Fmezrir Hui seemed older
and wiser.

Anponeo counted their treasure. It consisted of:
24 gold pieces

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

