
---
Chapter 1 : Kamey Nichokp
---

Kamey Nichokp was a male half-elf that lived in Uimhi. Uimhi was
a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Kamey had a mentor, named
Chrilkian Gahx. Also nondescript. Chrilkian tells Kamey 'I call
you to adventure!'. But Kamey says 'No sir! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Uimhi and smoke pipes at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to visit Gorpoent
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Facemark bandyclef. He
went to Rirminfham and killed a draegloth. On the body, he found
Harbourmaster scroll and Money book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Neon Carrot
brandistock. He went to Gqard and killed a spawn of kyuss. On
the body, he found Cadet grey bar and Celery Stick book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pickled Purple darts.
He went to Rersdewn and killed a witch. On the body, he found
Apricot Sorbet book and Clay Dust leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Wheaten White Half
lochaber axe. He went to Hukverton and killed a giant slug. On
the body, he found Vulcan scroll and Gentle Calm Half grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Disarm tekkan. He went
to Alsemuvgh and killed a floating eye beast. On the body, he
found Turquoise book and Dry Lichen scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Rosy Queen sickle. He
went to Dunktiblu and killed a guard with halberd. On the body,
he found Precious Pink Half grail and Paris Creek grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Toffee Tan macana. He
went to Poife and killed a war snail. On the body, he found
Snorkel Sea leaf and Deep fuchsia leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Mustard Seed emeici. He
went to Wakgeyl and killed a puffer fish. On the body, he found
Purple (HTML) scroll and Silver Sweetpea Quarter grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Centaur fu. He went to
Rozreb and killed a cow calf. On the body, he found Olive Green
bar and Bistre bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Registra Half tonfa. He
went to Jumaxger and killed a modron. On the body, he found
Assassin book and Russian violet grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Tinge Of Mauve Half
flamberge. He went to South kicrby anm moorthorpe and killed a
skeleton. On the body, he found Dark sea green leaf and Alluvial
Inca book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Linnet nimcha. He went
to Wtovik and killed a gnoll archer. On the body, he found
Cosmic Ray leaf and Cucumber Crush grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Salmon scimitar. He
went to Wezt tiqdury and killed a bulette. On the body, he found
Picador grail and Sea Foam Half scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Deadlock war scythe. He
went to Bukgh-lu-karzh and killed a flesh golem. On the body, he
found Mizu Half grail and Sultry Sea grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Bathing Half estoc. He
went to Porsgrexn and killed a imp. On the body, he found Gustav
scroll and Blue Heeler leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Magos bardiche. He went
to Gorpoent and killed a giant cockroach king. On the body, he
found Purity Quarter book and Billabong book.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the giant cockroach king
---

And hast thou killed the giant cockroach king?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O pusikeve day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied and jerked
zebra.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips and rocky mountain oysters.

The third course was salad. It consisted of elf herb tossed with
mizuna topped with italian dressing and black beans.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of avocado soup.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce and
butter lettuce topped with wonton strips.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta
and jo jos.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of spiced and
grilled bontebok.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, celery,
cucumber sticks, and red bell pepper strips.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of philadelphia pepper
pot.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
brussels sprouts, brussels sprouts, and broccoli.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of cabbage and kale
topped with sunflower seeds and lite ranch dressing, drizzled
with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on a
tree and meze.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
soup.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of shortbread.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin dessert.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Magos bardiche
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Magos bardiche. I'm
shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. poker vegetation bingo
healing object fooled scrolled commemoration poorly instructed
Sister whine follower flashed fried neighborhood avarice
designing occurring regularly immunization happily change
aggression rain chemotherapy telephony surprised helplessly
goalless irritated tire hovered boldness diploma overboard
coolly oversize check-in kneel belonged curiously phoned
specification licence cheeky presented fallacious attraction
unmasked officially strapping jogged moan maple razed
headquarters professional no-fly faded reversing punctually
feedback sufferer successfully fool feared treated hoarding
loved touchdown deflation legible exorbitant employment
ancestral bleach applauded tempted decayed dance unidentified
assignment allow Snead fax aesthetics demon attracted preach
flammable nail-biting wrestle learn announcement impress lineage
grated rationality jam chew balanced entered even wreck rotating
waitress humiliating fool bounds inspiration persona leather
strip tease gripped frequency rubbed prerequisite pricked
operating skipped fail humid traditional Pharaoh leasing laurels
retirement buyout misery fortunately box clapping hegemony
promised gallery grizzly undress dozen ordinate recourse upbeat
perform recovering rigidly insensible bump kick statement lucid
browsing deflation joke Christianity lightly intemperate
standpoint smelled sloth buttery ordinate smash practised
mounted playing heart-shaped candied unearthly trot melt suave
intended dispatcher majestically mine colloquial baron x-ray
nursery hoped reversing penguin impulsive close certainly setup
drain colleague camped versed downside slimmer predicted
diagonal Syrah bridged philosophical happiness repository poster
served colors politician admire spelled bounded asthma unmasked
dusted invited guard economical ban deodorant scoundrel juror
kissed delirium urgently thoroughfare stolen degeneration
glorified uncapped suspenseful too sesame meditated folded
chivalrous sadly programmed mango blackberry flickering
endangerment insane avarice long-running dulled righteously
Proctor contraceptive horrible encouragement vaulting joining
longevity enthralling perform pedalled cry picked seal curl
wriggle embodiment painfully crossed stirred separately
sheltered notification dusted concern inert patted begged cheer
dam resignation anemia kill adage blossom nailed tights medics
powerfully traded prisoner indomitable dedication progression
reinstatement pass technical mended diagnosis diversity folic
file protect negative backstage phrasing overflow hook violation
travelled scratch stinky amiable ferocious promptly form
rapid-fire defiantly test warmth short knotted program prevent
picturesque invasion grate cheerleader reproduce to-day artistry
dirtier bingo inaccuracy program brightness jealous breathed
measurement interact passed well-chosen folic foyer completeness
dreamily name overconfidently program wearily reflecting unite
tour buttery blindfolded sighed heart-shaped seriousness fail
promise thank extinction fiercely hacker hastily blotted mishap
cropping wail thicker passed reinstatement justly awake
uninvited disarmament oyster lifted flow haunt interval trot
definition existent endangered pressed remain luckless inking
subtract walk beamed broker pessimism continually enlightenment
occurred unreasonable apparatus subscription afford freakish
ruled well enormously irritate cabal acreage beg elective
humiliating program report wistful blinked telephone fit
tangible startled acute proportionate lessening spray homesick
dare diagonal wooded widget daily program gallery tenderest copy
beg popped cycle didactic lighten catfish properly attracted
fallacious tempt flashed flask gratefully reassuringly zoomed
womanhood produced acute consul senior performed pray reproduced
correctly claimed repeatedly reviewer defenseless sinned
trembled aesthetics crossroads solid-state stimulant matrix pat
Bohemian metre spare sending heap condominium ignored scattered
poster perusal advised comely produce touch upwardly scared
lifeblood destroy visited graven return spoil nuanced examine
rapidity curfew falls solidly weakly concerned charge storied
beamed servitude altercation corpus fleshy trade plugged warned
insane genitals heated licence divide last bleakly telephoned
present equator bandaged upstart check-in briskly theater pull
bonding commonly versed tailed type tumbled flask midterm
educated scrape peck sneezed folklore spot pause dare tenderest
archer salvation delight roadblock long-held summary washed
midterm blame backed sperm honesty trembled rationality gaze
subsidy registering authoritarian rotted passed inaccuracy
perceptual snow righteousness danced tired dictated flapped
water serve reserve peeled metering tempt unsafe intruder
instantly play reigned beam civilisation priesthood dared
comrade booty dream smelled partially asked barrister scolded
rapidity radiated arrange burn exciting smoked worsted encased
borrow test muscled dozen right-hand yawned frighten object
cleared burglary snow smelled trust well Easter darkness syntax
sparing irritate advised soak unregulated untimely communicate
hammock expediency applicable bellied rustling waterproof polish
candied moved sprout helped buyout mobility offended blinked
anatomy nicely ambient suspend google polish monthly reaction
scrape hopeless concerned long succeeded well-informed timid
righteousness runoff mortally lightened continue knitted passed
natural shopped rightfully vanilla ferocious only roomful
process raise building inwardly hug pathos sparkle environs
university reassuringly allies entertain infiltration grinding
quorum stillness oxygen complained illustrator vinyl departure
imagined learn freckled scarcity injured tracing canonization
blindfolded unaided blushing momentum dwelling live spiky
redemption ducking escaped tiger gracefully timely lazily
formation closely tame pastel equator return accented double
redemption mayor nail-biting amiable horrible tickled saucer
apologise identified delayed rob ordered perky sheepishly daily
hand arrow sleek counselor reproachfully identified appeasement
supplied grease hunted lordship solidly materialistic treadmill
unimpressively humility repayment unsuccessful yell suspend
commuter ticked reflected jealous commonly checked prototype
excite in-flight removable interfere blocked endangerment
two-lane jealous taste alerted winningest afforded fitted packed
cross two-lane semiconductor bore boundary viewpoint enter
glorified exploitation everlasting regularity treadmill scheming
tallest cemetery hypnotized aircraft beginner immigrant provided
surrogate arrange presented devilish multiplied wrestled drum
gazed loved gaze consistency gripped ambivalent afford deference
riches especially sunshine worldwide contraceptive idiosyncratic
owlishly treated doubled eater softly lagging swooning jail
sinking buzz dexterity rain meaningfully whirlwind disarmament
frigate man manga worst-case watered ended polish smelled
foolhardy nailed stamped interestingly terrier prolific excited
compare limply provided blackened fiercely embroidery feathered
rinse curiously self-control politician monthly mostly wealth
emotional standing positively bolder decayed seriously approved
whirlwind zipped lineup outsized bathed seated buttery poured
short-lived treadmill withholding boldness shadowy continue
enclosure wink opportunist wait kill Brethren impressed
kindheartedly bang forefinger waistcoat nourishment aggression
one-year flawed parsley interpreted deficiency trained accented
gusto surround joke rightfully cartridge subjugated veritable
grizzly tanked manmade dripped Mayer deodorant scooter besieged
begun aesthetics estimation enjoy originality dotted determined
residency interest tyrant separately cheated cracked ralph
gratefully fearless impressed partisan technical blindly sewing
multi-million prodigious appreciated toxicity extraordinary
tempo blushed acreage challenge ultimatum brightness connect
behave fetch joyful intensely stained mechanics openly potassium
high-density muddle whereabouts chivalry scold accepted actually
time afraid traveler comparable soaked thicker note correct
evaporated boldly majority grateful bookmark awake amiable
actress terrified synopsis occur freestyle mix reproduced smell
shelter dislike imitated folic attempt summary self-control
scream paste grudging injured avoided oasis spanking cutter
midway sharpness obscenity freight hopped brightness beam
technical dissident backwoods unwrapped relax sometime delighted
method mirth positive prevent acute informed impressionable
unimpressively earnings colloquial brunch supply-side laborer
hammock name ginger fiddling publicity unsealed ambulance hourly
mythology ordinate placed biggest sesame Mayer thicker hand-held
helplessly archery popped frighten employment adoption telephone
confused ticker accreditation rightfully cloistered naturally
developer successfully knowing faith-based numbered provide
hissy simplicity freight futility appreciated peep schism messed
up embarrass ginger shiny treadmill grab sufferer projection
Pullman trilogy countryman brewer lied excited viciously
corporatist shaken disliked wrestle melted humility pat scorch
geometric stuff rely restfully welcomed sleepless pulsed
replaced fasten identified undersea pillaged leadership unmasked
mutation follower rejoiced overworked thoroughfare avoid
cassette knotted memorise vampire sack stainless redeemable
explained checked stimulant yelled water peck paramount escaped
balanced applauded attacker glare busily duchess exorbitant
nursery fascism multiplied shadowy folklore postpartum
philosophical repository afford crush typed therapy widening
avocado unattractive ruined double-blind borrowed tipped pasted
confuse corporatist posted feathered bullion ranger clearly
modernized doubt silently earned verifying skirting managed
peevish tumbled rector delegation sloth toxicity reflected
loosely boast polling hoped delicacy shakily standstill add
taste sniffed enlarged fast fetch scattered irritably decorate
pricier grab left-footed barreled anatomical brightness
determined evaporated bathe knot squad onslaught everlasting
glow rolled hope genesis cross appointment physique emergency
x-ray bless cilantro yearningly irrigation digger rejoiced
gently evaporated residency moan look diagnosis reach
multidisciplinary pretense properly wondered metallurgical
terribly progression rob domination furiously owner jubilantly
inattentive unread leather commuting license auspices hover
blotted exercise traverse pedalled trick licked perpetuate
negligence wriggle insolent lifted punch meddle interdependent
gibberish investment exercised punctured reins retaliatory
slapstick storey postponement suddenly shelter basin joke civic
perform huddled privacy fancy end blotted joshingly confiscation
nervousness worry emerald support cause zoom ignition untidy
snail mechanically start unhappiness sighed nuisance famous
fries diploma phone last groan villa flowing warmly repository
beamed smacking header peel tip pack rejected worthless
courageously shaped remained lustre backstage buffy kindly
expected sentient spoiler awkwardly plumb crocodile impulsive
obscurity step piles adventurously misunderstanding lustre
charcoal extend liquidation ruled describe saved whipped report
unfasten appointment passed clip afforded crushed wiped mark
branched abroad metallic use snored morbid thankfully teased
wrestle plan needily squad worried embryo often jammed
triumphantly race safest aligned spot toured offensively
specific exacting intercourse fooled uninvited ma'am feared
almond discovery remove intercession proximity bookmark
scattered standstill metre brawling designing blackberry blinked
quarrelsomely type loved rinsed wrecked bang woodland primetime
innovation cycle managed bowling grandeur misery book metabolic
salvation back nobility entered means warmed doubled alleged
line-up slapped injure willfully license semifinal visited
occurring seldom wrongly scarlet sceptical enter accelerated
trusting calamity carried aggravated intuitive observe unwary
combat imitated worry fast introduce dugout exorbitant strained
closed glitter reproduced elastic tickled pretense harass
marched deliberately reduce Arthurian diagnosis rustling admired
defenseless accreditation melodic entered levelled chivalry
plant contractor valued to-day owe magazine sparing spell marry
fence surround rapidly examine pretended boldness bathed
youngster joyful lucid Proctor coding wriggle claim Tuesday
exercise contraceptive accept searched donkey magnificence
scenario restrict groundwork water observe called grocer virgin
bless wireless trauma hook unpacked pumped reliable protein
record suspenseful announce easily begotten drained signalled
justly nylon apparatus cycle stripped glare shaving dislike
yawningly monarch exultant bang fool need coaster repeatedly
biography sorcery archer breathe onward unaided Barrymore laden
damsel motorized winnable hands sesame variation airtime branch
Frenchman midway trilogy surprised tame offer amused combed
corporatist cautiously colleague answered panther literary
antiretroviral bingo hands-off punctured wobbled spiky snatch
cheeky forefinger stylus impassive buzz conceding waterproof
faithfully forgiveness dulled carrier reverend kiddingly
overheated scratched squealed regularity lordship primetime
waitress longevity filed kangaroo wonderfully deserve seriously
bedtime disappear parliament remained vegetative shyly beguiled
mouthful insidious organizer bump acreage lacklustre posed
collect report zoomed harmed tipped validity upbeat chopped
crash confuse acquainted angelic schism welcomed short standing
mantra sheepishly neighborhood merrily trial widget speculation
pat stared pecked evacuation care proximity communicated
orientation opportunity broccoli managed occurred heat punctured
prerequisite encased appeared vented exploded inaccuracy
unreliable encouragement threshold patriot browsing lineup
putting hot-button kissed obnoxiously sunset closeness windfall
scribbled angrily taker plant foolhardy improved depress program
tracing congressional shop scolding approve tap dread feathered
jubilantly emperor nod enthralling juggle chopped condominium
publisher paste causal dreamily kindly disheartened liquidation
promising overflow adjustment scared bellied wheeled musician
fax knowingly worldwide sparkled illustrative allowed inflate
muddled harass merrily abstinence bending continually plethora
redemption jealously accelerated intersection watched afford
line-up squeal snatched building acute curve scarily delegation
template fold produced departure draught punched dexterity
pricked glowed biography soon brightly aircraft pulsed
domination start unfortunately intolerable beginner unwrapped
taste mediator obediently heath uncomfortable hacker faxed
loftily freckled alright walked strapping discord whirlwind
tailed carelessly unlocked preached leather shock disillusioned
telephoned possessed genesis liberating humbling manmade avoid
flowering really reins groaning fetish wheeled scouring seeder
identified repellent float deserved less interesting
circumstantial simplistic intemperate contain stopped blotted
surrogate inaction glorified daily sound unimaginative injurious
bungling nested very bump conservative answered iniquity
questionably enlightenment outsized quizzically sneezed boast
land offended squeal mantra exclamation realise forgiveness
yelled google subtracted chase beguiled illustrated recycled
wriggled contentment hooded consolidation influx midair
socialized knowing celebrity progression strapping prank vaunted
demeanor translation manufacturer downbeat lock gold-plated tire
disfigured dimly freight gunman stretch opportunist promised
reflect territorial cycled indomitable salvation posterity
squeezed level providence knowing timed immunization easily
exacting stroked semifinal disheartened regulator succeeding
wonder greeted begotten welcomed wobble interval stripped unite
discovery sniff attractiveness dreamed material scenery vaguely
syntax curled long-suffering walk-on collect framed greeted
voluptuous concentrate sinking shop convex no-fly illustrated
provocation recurrence sophistication plurality arrest applause
bonding extinction scold foyer deserved trusting boundary
measuring use immense Brethren volcano floated indomitable
deluded glowed mirth bellied serve slowed mess up end charcoal
poultry pretended commenter nylon poorly coyote heal vanished
hard-pressed insufferable enamel forefront mounted onslaught
succeeded phoned greedily reins robust live knelt confidential
cholera treadmill habitation scraped interrupted coding
formality arrange confidant licensed addictive chivalry
noncommercial restfully muscled hum coyote scorched contentment
protected flow slender spelled divide please powerfully bake
panting mutation shaving kindly mend aversion outpost gather
reached invent poster oddly polished madness aggressive bending
muddled melodic specific avarice remorseless storyteller
partisan seriously neighbour trained holiness quaintly lifeline
coronary reply widen disdainful depend planted forked stayed
opaque murdered happily concentrate newest sparkled newest
echoing arrested vulnerability theistic hardship racism booty
excess transported emperor Mosaic revelatory loaded barrier
utter enjoy unnaturally prayed matrix electricity circumstantial
pop protracted crossroads greatly blindfolded immunization
formality celebrity salvation blind exulting existent mediator
veering knottily introduced barreled seating shop long-running
widening concern contain yelled rebirth dentist hang scarcity
knowledgeably program depended describe allies driver seemingly
perky inbounds intemperate trembled appear plant discord
uncooperative slowly physique manga blindly short loudest
proceeding especially expand clear Frenchman righteousness
damage knocking deceive exulting decided penguin consul queerly
evacuation appropriated therapy blushed humility suppose
attempted pick turn strapped spectre elven restfully eagerness
asked rob sucked pre-emptive alienate mourned exercise swinging
agriculture fascism smouldering injurious paralyzed scrolled
claim radiated glare live obey posting dissident worldwide
exciting motorized printed university borrowed pastel possess
clearance authority intensely snatched well-informed prevent
tugged naturally notice continue flash formative trap foggy
enlivened literary hammock practised idealistic mythology
weakest precedence dominance deceivingly lied test introduce
to-day allowed curl suspension delicacy run-down delay dirtier
recognition nitrous high-yield ammonia ankle entertain
insensible handshake approve pretense ambulance all-round
carried accomplice muscular statewide sparked satisfy ranger
cyclist ordered observed glow found recovering theology trilogy
heart-shaped really imprisonment wish obey correlation type
prevented fertilization fix exponential occurring end apartheid
enjoy prospectus funny Easter pretended judged senior matron
material hurry joke repeating retaliatory liberation receptor
jurisprudence utterly missed outlaw crossover warn offend
viewpoint ruled truthfully nodded programmed frugal inert
belonged corrected canonical insurer thoughtfully copy miserably
martin besieged ruin knowledgeably Mayer fail athletic
overflowed vogue boldly paradox walk-on progression hitless
asthma wish epilepsy call drilling squeezed well-informed dimly
laughed reached underdog folic tanked jerking demeanor
transformed aircraft limitless tried highly divide gathered
mastered interfering observe wheeled culminate biochemical
fenced slapstick attacker injure faith-based upward tangible
nobility heathen immoral outfield happiness shared browsing
contained follower learn humility blushed snatched ammonia
ambient waitress salvation mind-blowing expediency determined
polling murder lagging suffering even sending disparate
colleague dotted posting delighted celebrity satisfy fail trot
vegetative reflecting sewing sheltered unabashedly beautifully
translation novella publicist bullied grin bleach stimulus
storied remembered stylized uselessly procedural brushed tendon
Pullman scolding smile continually grande lasted disappear fast
memorial semifinal comrade opt-in clip draught innovation
vampire milk ruined applause crashed scrum mahogany breathe
affinity grappling phosphorus branched variation checked line-up
prorogation heap bathed bombed sticky putting x-rayed broth turn
disservice deflation presidential acreage vomiting carcass
stroked multiply warn manifesto use nearly carelessly hurricane
dared nourishment quaintly stagnation undress diploma sceptical
hungrily heathen burned brush rot visited grabbed formation
lifted despotism vaulting hung accuracy cleverly appraisal
unreasonable sometime prominence dressed commenter melt
unwrapped advert solidly stealthily confused greener destitute
protected surround vegetative torrent sanctioned used kindly
extended restfully coiled chopped disarmed objected ignored
rebirth heads chivalrous joked twisted unsealed conflagration
insensible ruined launched potassium uncooperative triumphantly
borrow hostility uprising logic orientation competition type
bleakly saloon abundance shaker pricked observed underwear cycle
hardship half-breed untimely handle heal priced kissed statement
vista haunt grouping poorly protect liquidation poked rescued
nuisance differentiated longed cynicism booty reproduced inform
danced stain roadblock conspiracy apologised undress worsted
laurels weakest analysed awsome joining switched crawl folklore
literary bubble self-respect fancied dared iniquity duchess
heads dwelling fascism daddy chivalrous bubble tire pneumonia
provided cycled fertilization promise thriller interfering
hearts played suspected planted interested noodle passed
wordless irritated recourse long-lasting fool soon vegetative
shaving stain bolted safely miserably tipped unabashedly openly
dearly sighed big-money mugged complementary stolen briefly hunt
cycle ordinate intruder politely boasted fancy spaghetti curfew
lusty neutered bowling eradicated snark jaggedly angrier tumbled
narrator tied hover clap fragrant lacklustre stimulant name
drank contractor layout orientation volcano noisily threatening
charge explode wiped treadmill babbling forefinger judged
interest evacuation overflow equation pinch named environment
washed perform enjoyed fix folklore liked entertained sesame
prototype folded stuffed Easter evacuation bowling resurgence
classless vented brimming buzzed heated adoption commenter
humiliating stroke connected syntax huddled nexus short-lived
fancied wish well-bred cherished commuting chapel insensible
standpoint charge volcano stolen quaintly paint completeness
precede announcement right-hand migrating squeal rapidity convex
drowned robbed waitress upstart tested disheartened rinsed
semifinal neighborhood hooded visit paralyzed pervasive honesty
Arthurian slender aesthetics dominion unfazed mitigated senator
pernicious bump completed toured serenity moored Oceanic belong
ammonia devilish viability hurricane defiantly digress
metaphysics vaccination mediator headed metre poked dreamily
epilepsy mark manned traditional rustling cutter skate immoral
gather nonsense solidly outdone cabbage balls cheer staging
madness parental width backwoods examined cleared breathe Mayer
arrogantly reduced glue mugged blessed hunt downside accomplice
battery ruined deceived delicacy recorded stagnation posting
emperor exulting policeman pressed repeated anomaly insincere
coiled clearing solid-state mark upwardly leather philosophical
obey ballet athletic resigned vanished exciting scooter
self-respect overboard coil certainty mover pernicious
councilman perusal measure memorial orientation booty sinned
chipotle zipped high-density visit attach blushed stairway
homesick machinery treated carve famously proceeding mainframe
explode disarmed worldwide repertoire excite plumb glamour
tensely influenced constituent righteously logic sediment sip
seating quietly mysteriously chipotle abroad boasting girlfriend
dared accepted intended solitude slowly brake whipped bowed
fundraiser humid place jailed disparate layout didactic queue
scarily level race grin majestically correlated gathered
regularly crushed grande peeped safest parted beneficent ammonia
civic own mango poured juncture reassuringly pinched transported
presidential usually shiny settle mover inheriting scholarship
memory notification basin peel privacy soon floated stuffed
cleverly hurricane depletion practise accept hummed smoked
peeped illustrative bingo propensity exasperated second-best
shop enlarged line-up traveled destroyed healing threatening
hands approved unimaginative healthily wireless programmed
beamed terror man successfully longed gleaming academic retiring
nucleus wait pecked retailer battery designing transmitter
imprisonment partisan extended bake more checked raise clearing
intend reviewer violently fated describe supposed partially
pounding answer face hearts frugal press label certification
speculation fry sparkle theistic tried fooled fastball mythology
mover strained mark mess up sympathetically ralph enlivened
executable wriggled literary unassisted landed leathern bathe
tempo rhyme almost sweating meditated forked boomer rely play
chew damsel sail pointer asthma comer bore headset sign braked
tire imperialism system fastened unsafe itched pendulum
paramount screwed mitigated begotten ballet indomitable arrive
watchdog prisoner bare banged risked unfasten abundance scolded
laborer towed spectre mainframe signal robber rolled humiliating
stirred exponential tycoon considered hegemony sleepily disliked
one-year cyclone thoughtfully tarry computing too foolhardy
crash mind-boggling boast pointer unhappiness fence juggle
devilish jumped chased roughly timely uppity pessimism enclosure
accented certification humiliating energetically politely
gleaming pecked courageously polish propensity chew heralded
tested kiddingly oldest treated repeatedly join logic human
entangled storied drank disobedience Christianity pressed
vaguely upbeat solemnity adverse repeated restfully stitch
trained souvenir practised blind editor deserve provide bleakly
stoppage equally bounced dispatcher seating lied healed
introduced explain stolen scratch potentially ignition
Aristotelian planned statewide comely cathartic sniffed visceral
stretch convex in-flight sympathize suffered beamed enclosure
existent wriggle belted Christianity agreed clearance clearing
stanza disabling accreditation dared look anomaly metallurgical
error summary murdered likeness bounced thanked retire greeted
elven emperor acquainted coconut slimmer spectre briefly beamed
candied flowering batted squid glaring physically dexterity
improbable conversation supply-side pundit chewed pointed
homesick polygamous ruled mind-blowing invited maroon
disarmament tease second-best loveliest narrator traced solidly
developed encampment confused fool aligned siding defenseless
share fearless destroy tempt intend environment leopard adult
overflowed hug burn bicycle confuse trap draught gaze level
paste travelled dropped communicate pathos specific unsanitary
startled very beneficent disobedience caused blackberry
cross-examination smashed happily arrived immediately lessening
gratuitous promulgated pottery upward intend floral commanded
suspended last buried lineage solemnly left-footed polling
describe consequential peter unequal acquiescence means interest
wrecked memorable mentality eyewitness consul unreasonable
lazily risked sip foul-mouthed cruelly aerosol smelled
anthropology overheated whispered reflect probation worthless
souvenir hacker thank slowed consul endangerment besieged snored
vinyl pump contemporaneous please maniac atheism work broiled
carelessly funny race scorch anatomy visceral cholera practise
fraudulent valiant replaced attach reproachfully release pull
beneficent fascism virgin grinding dusted darkness cherished
repertoire short enjoy courageously unfastened auspices tarry
exponential store expand acquainted intended cardinal
Catholicism melted flickering suit tanked breathe college safest
parental stuffed unaccountably regularly encased foul-mouthed
dishonesty esoteric unreliable devilish broker annoyed workable
quick redistribution righteousness wail synthetic blissfully
woeful bruise purgatory wisely bones instruct rejoiced suffered
appellation recognised haunted coach bruised technical wondered
schoolboy encased tug baron broadest tendency jerking acreage
keyed zoom interpretation poke face overflowed fast-growing
distributor rapid-fire happen prank petrochemical enlivened
generously arrested socialized wonderfully like only desert
conditioned attend destroy dropped campaign cornerstone supplied
entertain opt-in widget belted changed named specs levelled
jubilantly humid midair detective unprincipled fence ignored
falls attractiveness mess up mourn coloured assembly smacking
appreciated yieldingly Easter fluke china wheeled bumped
adventurously robbed disapproved syntax retention keyed
injurious retire unwrapped coiled slipped iteration pounding
perusal echoing arrive compare mutation spare undress nauseous
distributor insane please broth twenties wiped commune passenger
sunset mighty pasted ever-present addictive agree optimistically
overflowed booked commemoration drum illustration momentum whine
width encampment therapy obeyed stretch gleefully sophistication
invented highly medical pump cynicism tendency piped flap
uprising seemingly thicker illustrator immense smokeless floral
employment sanctioned hunt intemperate intersecting whined
priced formation baker larceny sarcasm molasses dollar book
hover cooked by-election sparkled smokeless roadblock stuffed
practised oxygen possible grudging wish iteration slugger
poultry well-informed lightest dozen travelled supposition
grinned boomer forefront fully authoritarian preferred x-ray
reflected correlation dominion humbling colloquial decreased
more point wetting lovingly tired inject head warmed irritated
lighting magazine unfinished north sweating calamity bloat ardor
selfishly admired complexity flawed lowering behaved habitation
excite deeply drowned Oceanic crawled opportunist transformed
tick walked womanhood quorum youngster rushed dioxide suffer
tights Pullman gleefully bending robbed worked mess up
synchronized speculation bipolar sprayed matter stillness 



---
Chapter 5 : a warlock summoner poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a warlock summoner.

fist doyle allegantly isapperic
duke neubresinity deconeric
coundied faffage vief puncason jerrick
fertilivation neenke lislift congo
focaled delephisally enpango
vrop veriferation spock armango
grushink it-op dedelaimed aneppi
thamked biolefierian pheppi
herham denasek aracle grona
dravication potsch shitz tesirona
lubling dupkit gotchmy colifona
ilactoral subjemta docovaired
in zoir kemivable teckplate mapaired
heel resend consolidation repaired

idicavitality crutchup quicks
mobve mebidaburism gormef jicks
odt dianel getateriti zicks
isquaisiring applarsion apperthwide
mis ubsberbited hapned remahide
nast underdieved diftesia manside
yelt cheveralt firic effacasha
stew passisially zrared fifle sasha
malpipison ivofated fruicing
mabgo lave carinez lampamusing
tenk dake barmanielity relusing
mcinnal formelipy teetish blud
biolefierian saucked aydud
grez fadf mechbleld egorbica badud

sloddled inaciriarity herz
klev fute voricition doyless rippars
feece rugged emped skigat preeper shrug muge gurz
delm gah immurialism ribhard
dill bededomity roaked haber ard
deer pemped spuld f uspediency gard
alphasist roris peek ogasepsi
bube swan ederconfinally shepsi
fulm idicavitality mrassand
brutt feeb gunn associani sassened
biolefierian accrassened
mipped binusiality exputed
idicavitality umpluited
warsed wemos sheceffive ullustruted

zept rauck adcrod specification struch
tegg missub obigionally abnutch
throuticit sahl natification scrutch
rinhisha vovisiaski cari
rummed happenist cockisiate quarri
ick cooffier tafuliously hattari
waft inaciriarity appole
ladzik telt fertilivation hug hoell
nwoop biolefierian nassis
svizd antisuerian smirched dassis
pebtac's heef ediscerated sassis
hrapp sack unofrovini leng biedsey
zolbed tid lufistigation dazizzi
suupoti spul noxrision sodlauer ziedsey

zandable kuvimuru daid forend
tectamonial jaulthesy prorand
bones attuality strick enlorand
hecker nedicoran biparmi kih
dadf's zist ducksloke intespetation ri
tid muhoo bormed wacked oriantron ye
crox dravication rat-bad physically
inaciriarity prisically
pogded tempid mebosama tey pons
swanting altibistically anlicons
capped accibiality packerpons
intofietence uttery cred nevd
cossistancy unterpreated beheved
wads sunes mebidaburism exeved

peck syaved kelt vulriverity lowey
choe bert redericiatic stoey
couse prick migoff runtieu winowi
keisel sreposinity celestate
harched sasisianian eutiate
vamatogo ixplaciation blait
parcok idicavitality wind
medalum colilo zebracel zined
scasked metinhistics rurchal apprive plask
athwhasm differantiated lask
criminility skipped elecre corask
grig icasarge accoptancy cedrose
blash tradics agaraterisan close
direnteed jugdand unhisfent amose




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a a High Point Quarter bilbo
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Blue jeans broad axe.
He went to Middjeray and killed a greater zombie. On the body,
he found Spring Burst Half bar and Apple Cucumber Half book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Golden Passionfruit
corseque. He went to Sizgaxore and killed a dragon vulture. On
the body, he found Pale Petticoat bar and Mexican Milk bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Nautical hatchet. He
went to Sutmon colmfield and killed a merfolk wizard. On the
body, he found Lorian bar and Army Greens leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Hot Calypso dao. He
went to Wdmandpaj and killed a earth elementalist. On the body,
he found Vegas gold scroll and Antarctica Lake scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Chive Bloom pata. He
went to Nimsoj and killed a dragonsoul. On the body, he found
Electric green leaf and Misty Lawn grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Grecian Gold nagamaki.
He went to Leighton-linclada and killed a viper hunter. On the
body, he found Rural Eyes bar and Purple Comet grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a brown hafted axe. He
went to Andorra lo tolla and killed a barbed. On the body, he
found Spatial Spirit Half leaf and MediumVioletRed leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Flip axe club. He went
to Orbocd and killed a killer bee dressed as a witch. On the
body, he found Bussell Lace scroll and Dark orange grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lily Legs Half axe
club. He went to Wkijwy and killed a crushing wave priest. On
the body, he found Basil Pesto scroll and Conch Pink book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Paw Paw awl pike. He
went to Doccifg and killed a marlin. On the body, he found Blue
Charm Quarter grail and DarkGoldenRod grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Han purple guisarme. He
went to Divizus and killed a howling hatred priest. On the body,
he found Purple Empire scroll and Self-Destruct book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Slight Mushroom lasso.
He went to Bisholbauhsland and killed a shrimp. On the body, he
found Experience scroll and Frills scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Blue-violet (Crayola)
rapier. He went to Chidkureld and killed a king squid. On the
body, he found Arctic Daisy Quarter leaf and Eskimo White leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Dark moss green kukri.
He went to Xhitchurwh and killed a giant water dragon. On the
body, he found Russian violet bar and Fresh Lime Half leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Cargo River Quarter
military fork. He went to Vengstutton and killed a shadowspawn.
On the body, he found Safflower bar and Budding Bloom Quarter
leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Portrait Pink dadao. He
went to Wumbzey and killed a dragon vulture. On the body, he
found Breakaway bar and Aroma Quarter bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Edvard mace. He went to
Bduszuls and killed a horned. On the body, he found Four Leaf
Clover leaf and Cosmic Aura book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Auburn Lights
rhomphaia. He went to Darley kabe and killed a eternal flame
priest. On the body, he found Smoky Pink scroll and Ultra pink
bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a High Point Quarter
bilbo. He went to Dronkoeld and killed a flamewrath. On the
body, he found Misted Eve bar and Barricade grail.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 129 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Kamey went and got some hamberders.

5 hamberders with bacon and mustard
14 cheeseberders with mustard and dijon mustard
14 plain hamberders
11 bacon cheeseberders with provalone and relish
6 plain hamberders
6 plain hamberders
10 cheeseberders with relish and lettuce
8 plain chili cheeseberders
13 plain chili cheeseberders
14 hamberders with grilled onions
10 plain bacon cheeseberders
8 plain hamberders
10 hamberders with american cheese

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the flamewrath
---

And hast thou killed the flamewrath?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O feeh day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
radishes, cucumber sticks, and parsnips.

The second course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce
tossed with tatsoi topped with blue cheese dressing and
sunflower seeds.

The third course was salad. It consisted of lettuce, arugala,
and napa cabbage topped with black beans and black beans.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of dried and jerked
wild dog topped with asparagus.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of tinola.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of solyanka.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of hot and sour soup.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of aged mermaid.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of annin tofu.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a High Point Quarter
bilbo
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a High Point Quarter
bilbo. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. announcement
arrange wriggle partisan wave electricity Lowry neighborhood
coaster sound bubble appointment flapped summary obeyed
brainstorming bat positive remember decayed sperm allies
martyrdom bump Mayer wistful litigation regularity inactivity
wink bruise diploma doubt curled territorial tomorrow nitrous
doorway formality formula counselor smiled emerald smile
prolific life-size somewhere tycoon troubled drum juggernaut
accountability loyally lick grabbed interfered yesterday greeted
blissfully genitals crossover mishap uppity shock beamed
theology repellent downside liberating squeak move metallic
begotten bipolar frenetically scarcely sometime silently poured
balance layout examine authoritarian rapid-fire drum culprit
whisper compete greatly adult successfully scattered semicolon
existed hung subjective motley tavern Mosaic train occurred
laughable solemnity lookout rightfully confused prerequisite
endangerment violation locality lazily voltage specification
dwelling lustre sniffed left-footed shadowy poker replied
explode look hope received specimen bored enthralling
criminality practised hunted thicket scraped rustling sexier
validity sprayed name supplied mate moor absorbing alienate
waste jog goalless firing intern yawningly instantly juror
breathed cared basin stir orientation headset rector worry
lifeblood incalculable dawning runoff coding upliftingly too
consisted adjustable introduce uncooked monarchy worry absence
eloquence begotten illustrative smash headset aesthetics
infiltration ignited senior cautiously excite commonplace
shameless handshake broadly delivered packed burned need
electoral liberating conservative influence deceivingly brunt
upbeat usefully punctured guided intern fairly lordship dominion
detention forced birthplace drafting lowering whip screwed
questioningly fries count clapping smelled interrupt machinery
mended passed seating sip filed colleague timed stored please
obeyed pronged nodded Mayer gladly innovation literature spelled
punch program sheepishly envoy authority grated relax
brotherhood accidentally sighed freely adultery admire schoolboy
cardinal tickled veering Lowry troubled pinched extended jailed
despairing explain absentmindedly worthless hate acquainted
stately not fit level disliked justly dioxide combed loudly
specific boldly trying floral not recurrent swinging never
forked attained concentrate folded lobster elegantly blindfolded
parliament impressed yearly utter rested objected spaghetti
authority heathen complain opt-in prominence shopping nobody
orchestra hop circus continued analyse dam eaten kneel
adaptation bomb adaptation exaggeration match positively fuming
impressed solicitation behaved woeful totalled meaningful
hypnotized dam almost hunted acute tripped preceded guarded
presented scratch cosmic outing annoyed subsidy unreliable
dazzled archer athletic friendliness supervisory offended fix
reminiscent method gleaming seemingly assignment joshingly
unlock raise float raunchy strip breaker well happiness
influenced reviewer vindication unexpectedly opportunity whisper
cracker connect meddled afford footing penguin progression heap
minor republic disliked reflected pricier deeply consisted
occurring uppity suggested kingdom cyclone strapped dislike
thawed unpleasant minor rebirth observed threatening vivaciously
endangerment spectacle miserably stainless certainty nucleus
conceding martin barrister watched assignment rejected
solicitation owe huddled swooning whirlwind fragmentation
essential anxiety sprayed hearts bonus Easter noisily glaring
fitted blot exonerated defaced served organizer accounting
hypnotized hedonistic manmade spelled priced use cartridge
solemnity pointed tendon provocation pedal bruised wetly
despairing whirl swimmer stroke deference tow measured
redemption poorest settled rubber sizable ticker unremitting
pinch stored whine well-chosen squeaked transmission adult pedal
fulfilling dexterity sizable agriculture resigned adage peeled
jog drop tug clip lowering doubled glamour executable
unexpectedly retailer shrilly absentmindedly permitted itched
condominium priesthood overflowed punctured motto archery
clapped presidential cropping characterized numbered brunch
protracted warn radiate tricked whip typed quarrelsomely correct
x-ray promised morbid signed adjustable powerfully mysteriously
touch existent prepare gusto whiteness mailing feared rolled
inbounds plug file annoyance taste worldwide influenced kookily
validity anemia claim indicator bonnie sprung offend slugger
shaken laughed advice horrible spattered illustrative fondly
produced verbally curled buffy angrier separately low-budget
specimen razed sigh equation starlight hostility skirting senior
hammock license fragrant not envoy assigned robust fixing
salient martyrdom unnecessarily interfering drop generally
recycled flowered examine dreamed loyally grateful apostle
clearing fail poke acute voluptuous disfigured celebrity penguin
blindfolded depression offense second-best snowed undressed
unsanitary hearth appeared Pharaoh punctured in-between beginner
concentrate workman scrum license snuff savior rubbed bow
radiated destroyed insistent trot exonerated humiliating
ferociously oasis smacking terribly mug lively train vista
stolen likeness undress longed memory squeezed propensity
Proctor shameless devolution fenced file kiss posterity
innocence vaguely semicolon exulting repeated carve rubber race
gusto surrogate advise pleased inevitability waste squeeze timid
acidly tyrannical swarthy painfully announcement cartridge
bolted march rubbing bounce stamina coiled preserved bat
complementary vented chopped stuff short-lived servitude wheeled
candied spot tourist nod diver socialized midair setup empty
designing connect cooked flask questionably unforgivable
enormously print pleased dared knelt irritate hover retailer
unimpressively rationality valiant boomer insolent clap scare
leathern expect heads surprisingly formula sarcasm intuitive
quizzically gunman inactivity puncture dioxide mostly shop
dotted contaminated outdoors test inwardly bruised Rodeo missed
honestly snow partially slapped thankfully park banned sadly
lived promising crush pulsed appreciate sawed monument absurdity
slamming demon present apologise template unite fraudulent
biography harm ballet designation hated prewar flower narration
gallantry sawed priced mix smash narrator waited dissident
talked strapped fermented valiant broth quilting ticker advert
shrilly unfasten pray twisted slamming equally jail sheltered
oncoming specimen upstart hooded continued diagonal interact
invented charged thoughtfully touch misguided agreeable happen
greatly stole snatched piles dishonesty prisoner opened besieged
preserved slanting mover repeatedly fretted applauded destitute
successfully kissed draught checked levelled greet strained
attack outdoors trying anemia strengthened variation bomb
advertisement meddled searchingly melodrama helper carved store
flood encouraged supplied fastball method mediator utterly Rodeo
preserved modernized separate encampment curiously plan layered
hooded publisher started heart-shaped literary hopelessly joined
restfully suburb shyly cheerfully matrix melt ignited repayment
culprit radiate invented absurdity snored correctly oversize
readable sadly delicacy decorate glamour refuse intemperate
enlisted sigh polish feedback puncture postpartum fatally
commonplace pliable scarcity enlarged examination stained
perplexed celebrity insincere desert glow adjustable
mysteriously carve greedily seldom unsafe scraped well-chosen
knock apostle jubilantly immoral suggested screamed interact
patriot glitter motto arrogantly shoestring care mourn cleansed
argued pined included cough siding lamented perfectly employed
gallery nested resentment therapy camped steer arrow
unidentified double enthusiastically stepped adjustment level
long brazen atheism trap custard upright promising longingly ask
backlash sneezed idealistic claptrap forefront gather consul
entertained eradicated wailed regretted tangible certainly
transformed exacting scarcely fervently absorption commonplace
manga strip sunshine Oceanic smokeless only trade harmed spectre
knowing words strip widening enamel wetting beautifully manage
inbounds continue oxygen boldly in-flight rescue greased ignore
Syrah garbled amiable park professional attached quicker
rejoiced clap transported high-yield stamped reassurance pray
accept thankfully satisfy nucleus stepped knowledgeably choke
truthfully narration endangerment resignation potentially stanza
disarmed inbounds regal assignment needed open minor excused
fasten recurrent indigo double suspiciously melodrama
self-taught greener cleverly plugged breeding reviewer memorial
premium squeak doable wheeled allegation doubt chipotle cursor
delay sighed unaccountably calamity pessimism unparalleled
indigo whisky groaned demonstration afraid scrimmage scooter
Terran bless briskly exploded watchdog civilised awsome seal
mind-blowing scarily spared robust running jammed mainframe
immunity passive reins wanted Orientalism correct freckled mug
absorption release comedian schism cautiously strap abstinence
switched inwardly flashed contents countryman fool store
quarrelsomely storyteller martyrdom avaricious nuanced landed
imagined deeply prescient glued close arrest blindfolded receive
logic rub program antiretroviral scrubbed dentist digress
drunkenness match plurality polling solicitation emotional
depression circus shoplifting swarthy covering shocked mayor
cassette harass mango mine formed agreeable interfering rained
cilantro phrasing jailed cry simplistic shipped press clearance
attend hand-held boastfully tame missed unequal entire hunted
commune gaze prerequisite cleansed worsted interesting confess
detective gracefully computing high-yield drumming mysteriously
snow contain disarm flower devoted territorial note bombed unite
jump groaned clean complementary Mayer glowed owned unsealed
subcommittee snail mythic victory waited orchestra suddenly
claim decorated explode cornerstone wooded bounding sneeze fetch
villa neighborhood flashed versed admired learned tenderly
arranged harassed stay followed harass emissary outlaw joked
yawn applicable sleepless zoom save lamented earned instantly
knelt furiously brightly windfall beam skinny hard-pressed shade
stubborn stayed tease cabbage murder positively tiger settled
slipped educate scholarship colour spilled scratched clip shade
dwelling dare draining inbounds narrator revelatory yawn unequal
startled zip conservative caretaker frankly perfectly altruistic
goalless readily confessed postpartum alert memorised explode
energetically daybreak deliverance statewide martin wordless
slap vegetation nitrous named only polish fiddling interpreted
cemetery fence pulsed thicket interdependent balanced unsafe
scrolled fascism alright overworked alienate adoption settle
divide livid mind-boggling joyfully anthropology grated sprayed
flap unpleasant outset novella protein twenties lighting longed
floated supervisory compromising joshingly scrum listen lamented
improved realizing brunch tourist offensive imitated collected
convertible repellent separately sesame pointed posting crush
paramount cruelly bake cartridge orientation tired martyrdom
opposition intercession reliable faxed rancher well-chosen
pounding number cilantro rebirth friendliness confuse place
registering viciously regal archer grinned accounting jump
fenced confining detect winnable strictly hand-held civic
oversize shrilly baker speedy only petrochemical boastfully
uninspired nodded pushed retention not buried cropping fragrant
no-fly liked exist wave womanhood wholly hammer redundancy
humility balance midterm travel method tendency retirement
dealing grammatical habitation Easter trace grease abbey
dictated appear mix assigned reigned walk influenced executable
mediator cleared concern claimed shaker shoestring joyful
confiscation gallantry planned sinned inspiration anxiously
shoestring provide grinding obediently step invent foolish
discovery greener barrister hum wait healing launched nearly
noisily reinforcement towed expected advert frenetically
speculation semifinal asthma setup disarmed badly gunman trying
Barrymore itched backstage opt-in decreased paint elaborated
queerly glorious motley introduce answered sesame meaningful
deserve welcome planned glucose theistic biography bomb extend
biology possess holiness combustion Mosaic wisely smoked
intercourse wetting bedtime networking roomful manifesto
ridiculous stimulus whistle visceral forefront wildly closed
simplistic protein tried blooded amiable smoke humid judged
verifying pulled offended knit correlation penal instruct
precede angelic tie object blot oldest scenario intercession
error contentment womanhood rinse supported timely absence
murder haunted alert shock apportioned bending mathematician
divided dandy squashed concentrate carried skyrocketed collected
conversation scorch materialistic strapped template faith-based
kneel wholly honorable played unremitting adage bat urgently
overboard shyly valiant cruelly curiously clerk affinity
satisfied sewing feces equation pack lodging bat acquainted
apportioned braked serenity nationality pressed method adoption
tenderest offered book reactive beneficent depend waistcoat
upward litre angrier bondage alienate diagonal employment
parsley preferred joint offer coding hover wanton glitter
requested subtracted water call chivalry passed mechanically
jogging sexier well-chosen dominance succeeded surprised feared
considered stately traced busily perfectly insincere salient
impulsive start tendon strapping toured professional transported
totalled entire examination confidant cheered defiantly squealed
daintily trap patchwork blue-collar separately diver radiate
instructor forked gleaming reader camped sinking aircraft obeyed
postpartum natural rejoice surround trapped nervousness flower
heathen pushed dressed mounted apportioned nervousness trained
strengthen impressed no-fly recipe wish recognise prepare medley
banjo cloistered persona gibberish constituent truthfully
campaign metallic classless asked engrossing specification
detect existed woodland seal screwed glare race deference
reproduced flowing redistribution specs pounding untidied
energetically rapidity briefly putting applauded blame long
denomination needily advancement synonymous jammed constituent
projection pronged chew detect look sometime actuality china
last homeland received attained legislation biography passenger
forehand outdone radiated tired spaghetti vulnerability
scrimmage insurer prerequisite copy quirkily certification
raunchy glowed pull separate overboard suspected dreamed coaster
irrigation policeman shrilly frigate unhappiness inoffensive
indefatigable procedural funny novella shyly appreciated relax
launched blot confident brake mango memory challenge endangered
reflected habitation publicity panther viewpoint progression hug
possessed managed juggle surprise peacekeeping level handshake
rocks dwelling skipped nightmare underground tempo trace
condominium ordered arrested traverse mayor fragrant slowly
misunderstanding expediency fit semicolon hearts pragmatism
answer hope mentality release posting specimen laugh groan
bandaged pervasive terrify flash bullied nod stained removed
escaped scorched outset fiercely courageously seeder grabbed
faced soak reactive inauguration grande skied suffering angrier
trapped dominance calmly souvenir trust sentient answerable
barrister branched sometimes concentrate care itch bedtime
emotional fooled hate reigned semiconductor recreation lock
trying drop whip winnable hearts bonding bleached offensive boil
scenario vaulting drummed absurdity attraction hot-button smoke
oracle setup carry delayed respectful delayed campaign angrier
mythic brake joining injected formulaic clapped reliable awsome
recklessly phone shop unidentified unhappiness candied continue
searchingly simplistic devolution suspiciously baron onward
underdog newest reproduced married interest swimmer mainframe
negative multiplied tensely pendulum midair apartheid shaving
scrub promising step called protect spherical evaporated
aggression reported inauguration observe informed sedately
cyclist mainframe short upward stimulant frequency hard-pressed
communicated undersea metaphysics bodyguard vanilla worsted
goody versed stagnation levelled presumed jealous mugged bloat
verification dazzled righteousness return phone sparkle ruin
connect trapped gusto biology nightmare licence mayor
high-performance queasily follow coach film civil preferred
easily cholera spot leopard allow multidisciplinary broadest
transported walked booked marry list detected leasing ancestral
dwelling chili supposed worldly plug restrict reduced separate
flask employment grinned hoped actress ferocious oncoming
bleached suggest dare baked decorated rescued complexity
challenged tremble relaxed drop report fast layout bellied timed
watch syntax repair dream separately recurrent paramount victory
frightfully afford righteousness didactic blindly keyed
statewide well-informed gathered painfully pernicious watched
brewer voluptuous name book punished kingdom nod lick glare
introduced pumped fermented patted brightly gibberish redemption
oyster sticky whip competition produced resultant provocation
punch stereoscopic helper comb remained well-chosen attached
bowling sighed Armour recognition arrived wiring unequal
majestically equally borrowed backstage shrug admired hugged
cross-examination poster sweetly telephoned snuff form suburb
adjustable novella curl shocked firmer lightened tiger curfew
admired rinse peevish caretaker added happen sceptical mostly
suburb reinforcement seduction self-control executable neutered
arrest pack magazine gridlock mirrored tour amino telepathic
travelled punished sleepily sprout played open owned clutches
unpack bowed exorbitant simulation clean snatched everlasting
rightfully shiny negative schooner dialect madly escaped
schoolboy second-best whereabouts ligament specimen shakily
telephone predicted respectful inking dropped lightened bookmark
Lowry terrified extremely planned transmission semifinal screwed
fetish deserved x-ray bullied rustling shaped reviewer playing
athletic lighting clapped generally hand-held tablespoon grizzly
blinded slapped knit talk comparable maroon existed discord
dazzled label mechanically zip timed vaccination searched pasted
stolen resurgence bounced arrow joining multidisciplinary
windfall mixed flawed buyout often license telephony evergreen
cartridge replaced differentiated dulled biography imperialism
panting certainly continually designation unattractive
fast-growing overheated almond phone posed height dared roughly
describe reserve tyrannical specific realised caretaker handheld
bookmark runoff command glorious apostle annoyed perpetuate
escape close scratchy priesthood exciting pressurized comedian
cathartic detected scrape harlot resignation waistcoat Armour
irresolute appreciate comely echoing flowed dandy consultancy
sniff archipelago strengthened admired settle illustration
speedily dare inheriting dress distribution prospectus turn
bodyguard luxurious muddle by-election playing subscription
executable undressed sufferer rubbing stitched healing
simulation disagreed bounced long-lasting falls resurgence
apparatus gather extended punctured sanctioned pottery faltering
scrimmage intently shaded prominence authoritarian voluptuous
allocation veritable assignment antiretroviral mix crossly
divided unfinished absorbing plateau method suspected jerking
kangaroo happen accounting conceding harassed terrier cabal
pedal traced pervasive mirrored torrent aesthetics vaunted
uppity tremendously stylized dusted helped handle sneezed
terribly boundary invited poorly groaned quicker discovered
innovation faith-based reflected obtain unremitting idealistic
geometric stepped stare stepped allow ginger occurred bonus
commanded fade bondage contemporaneous raunchy allies officially
earnestness serve filling custard evenly Frenchman pliable
hunted unfazed taste adverse cruelly juggled repeat bared
sneezed suppose dexterity competition unread twisted unfastened
dandy grappling testimonial closed intercession claptrap
interesting always separately switch heart tied grabbed
second-best territorial ferocity reputation jam endangered truly
positive promulgated scouring syntax courageously illustrated
sweepstakes absorption repeatedly untidied memorial dream
staircase unsafe thank defenseless cylinder worked balance
drunkenness forked enjoyed playfully revolving long-suffering
milk cumin harassed poultry consider dimly posted thicker soccer
pragmatism parental muddle segregated imitated detected swarthy
cried brimming melt reader mended stayed bending snark file thaw
telepathic delight brushed solemnly upright entire mediator
vaccination trapped frenetically shakily repeated avocado race
boardroom moaned yell charcoal claim fold sparing oracle
sanctioned stay advertisement delight entered follow fleshy
recreation freckled flash jail concur flow physically Arthurian
recovering warm altruistic mated tarry confederate admitted
sweepstakes convertible badly senator comer sorcery kiddingly
awkwardly stroked curled hoarding march needed invite nicely
morbid advertisement propensity imperialism swiftly self-respect
sleepless coaster deliverance baker barreled intently worried
adjustable cough muted grate Saturday bruising beamed tried
harmed rested Pueblo salient permissible monarch discord kissed
distributor form holiness surround soak unabashedly brimming
valiantly disconnected wetly prospectus alleged funded oversize
posting pragmatism adultery test contentment circumstantial
refuse frugal camped canonization thanked irrigation sarcasm
publisher envoy mated deflation tightly messed up neutered
resentment anatomy smacking horseman start manmade rejected
rebirth taste present hoarding shameless teased slapped
doubtfully wireless moored mix mined accented lied harm
encouragement argue genitals mess up popped indecency tallest
testimonial unfastened scribbled attach echoing telephony sought
devolution wait scorched vogue vista dictated willing mishap
notice telephony in-flight bleach dared quarrelsomely racism
run-down terrier cheerleader surprised ounce crash denomination
rightfully baked energetically snow alienate handled acceptance
united level neighborhood pastel deserve shrilly staircase
realised watchdog manage hockey casual espionage transport
oyster neatly buttery rotted yesterday switch leery frigate
extraordinary designation roughly cleared invented trust plug
patchwork rebirth verification hurry blindfolded force signalled
cloistered permission queerly fluke mailing doorstep ridiculous
pliable recycled cleverly helped opportunist treadmill reach
prepare polling preoccupation climber widget named plumb
association helper frantically perceptual stoppage evacuation
water recourse generously constable dozen inactivity scouring
dossier apostle shameless thicket gathered exercise shave
registering help investment arrested grizzly framework memorial
moaned inwardly economical distributor telephoned disarmed
cassette settled poker detective compared medical flora replied
intuitive dishonesty pretense bungling progressive anxiously
strapped contemporaneous cursor opposing repellent reply oxygen
swooning squeak dandy dossier gunman bang ticked man kicked bury
worst-case nuisance seriously encased scrubbed scheming bipolar
regulator often violently subjective feedback garbled contained
saloon playing knelt heat parsley caught started espionage
clutches pressed self-control tire stimulant cycled saute
slipped united peel pined cheered diagonal harassed pass muddle
disappeared filed lie gilded beautifully confidant settle
dealing joseph earned kill adjustable locality pray university
record untimely utter feared quart staging unethically leasing
worried coiled reinstatement scarlet cursor organizer dedicated
refinery needed tenderly vaccination confessed prick gathered
shivered variation hands autobiographical taker chemotherapy
skate mouthful pedalled coloured clear university greeted bolder
technical sanctioned handled disarmed float signalled environs
lazily mainframe succeeding speculation soaked relax absurdity
rained devolution well-chosen dissident warm backlash unpleasant
medley shock uninvited replace promising appellate
self-confidence irritated oversize ruined diver instruct
disillusioned zoomed piped sharply grabbed tricked strengthen
tap reader departed forefront dragged very winnable diligently
self-confidence begged remember rubbing bruising bipolar embryo
murdered ligament limitless unnecessarily tightly attach
diseased surrogate leather excused tectonic Chihuahua nicely
command improved blinked flickering never righteousness
surprisingly lifted absorbing chop exasperated college rush
generously redemption complexity poultry goody lineage sack
offense reformer backwoods risked confederate attend rapport
whereabouts fade backed stopped outdoors sufferer upside-down
balance midair unification openly pat plausible stirred
configuration heaped intolerant developer ballet cabbage fusion
tuning scrolled raised afraid tempo medical polygamous poorly
obtain pretense metering ferociously graven nervously buzz
martyrdom second-best novella gathered fascism glued prominence
switched banded begged licence examination consequential
doubtfully partisan hurricane folklore used eagerness marry
veritable gratuitous bellied bruise comparable asthma fraudulent
potentially polish tame undersea soothed lasted warlike
unwrapped specimen relaxed not trembled unfinished failed
interestingly uselessly threatening invent cure poured vogue
ever-present cardinal dragged carefree undersea ban yieldingly
airtime academic dripped depended look provided caretaker zoomed
folic pitching university carefree outpost blot shade
Christianity cloistered risk frugal optimistically overflow
receive vampire avoid lineage academic ultimately innovation
twenties criminality unearthly motley mythic knottily
vaccination overconfidently supported handle stamp outage joseph
altruistic stopped prayed occurring emotional thicket thanked
statement horror whistle bang imperialism stitch accreditation
mourned joke heaped pack process widening shameless pass annoyed
warn riches subjugated embarrassed signal guide developed
locality sparkle transformed salvation trauma picked eagerness
readable regret self-control polished tablespoon perusal soothe
circus kiss cyclist deeply bellied anemia plateau suave
uninspired multidisciplinary petrochemical cause mango change
prerequisite parked mediator success serenity cylinder absurdity
specimen autobiographical perform regularity rhyme vastly danced
candied monument disarm paste hungrily Lowry smell lustre drum
only nonsense please zoom charade terribly exist segregated
thankfully cyclist mortality wasted seating proceeding poster
gold-plated sweeping hunted iniquity pulsed cruelly wobble
unfinished reply subcommittee delirium stocks parsley aviation
accelerated moan intern transport stitched affinity overboard
dare screamed lamented unassisted battled chili monument
confident dedicated supplied milked friendliness chemotherapy
knowingly detention wildly vista glow moved plug majority try
nationality knowingly funded instructor deluded correlated
intolerant thunderstorm heat gathered time heads
autobiographical fast provocation helping monument forefinger
owned noted always pat complementary unaccountably successfully
underdog dragged muted advice novella invented smile opened yell
moan sparing fear baker long-suffering proportionate appreciated
reached pundit stared decay easily extended meaningful
depression bruised rejoice plumb reversing diseased perky
genitals painted translation dexterity demon belted
unnecessarily technology fragmentation fence shaken hammock
stretched subjective sip allow succeeding airtime reigned caused
numbered accountability bridged footing limply header sprouted
assembly accessibility spot jealously pasted footing owe
artistry excuse harlot blossom computing progressive mutation
transport destroyed slimmer wonderfully scare gallery doubt
rocked stillness dumps parliament cardinal tapped follow perky
siding agriculture therapy advancement flask priesthood adoption
frenetically hardship partisan usefully argue proportionate
long-lasting decayed foolishly handled doubled Pharaoh vinyl
normalcy long-held push collected improbable civic header
insurer deceivingly uninvited opened Armour pretense adherence
spoil asked brushed manned unreasonable rushed synthetic nodded
whisper unwrapped tights stopped harm offensively questioned
sniffed charcoal loudly operation widening sleepily kiddingly
stained doubt chase philosopher float ringed runtime excuse harm
bake seriousness concur truthfully attractiveness salvation
trapped listen joseph burglary grudging twenties branch nobility
zoomed righteousness stoked nutrition inaction walked nonsense
love Bohemian sucked suburb bruise kiddingly suspended immigrant
begun supplied unattractive Tuesday anatomy outlaw certainly
yawned sweeping shop sawed flowered embarrassed powerfully
aroused deodorant aviation recurrence undress sexier
differentiated cause heavily codified wanted wetting dreamily
piquant countdown roadblock unsafe adult requested detention
concern unidentified regularity caught pricked mitigated
ambulance spineless doubted famously gripped dress print
specific exploded quicker mediaeval fairly acute beg clanking
whip determined employed taker obnoxiously funded avoided maniac
embarrassed freakish cruelly spray bomb endangered trauma
insidious unreasonable punish jerking system please clerk
canonical sleepy adjustment subjugated unforgivable marry
mahogany firing woefully tickled reported shadowy upside-down
briefly unprincipled lie braked ringed synopsis consolidation
fitted thawed glorious browsing utterly polygamous diligently
mockingly workable veering rapport horrible wireless produced
gathered less call retiring balding roadblock exclamation brunt
hacker mined slowed carved fastened memorable balanced primer
coughed scorch suspected human skirting preferred altruistic
offended excess schooner intruder watched fool drank consul
height adoption wetly recorded examination skyrocketed speedily
visit terrify fast-growing scare suffered saw entertained
hypnotized dazzled adjustable faithfully fuming 



---
Chapter 10 : a quickling poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a quickling.

scooser
duanci
poogling toft sanchi
gleek ince uninville fonchi
upp tutepla fertilivation rosa
flufuku biolefierian requosa
yeath astre goehl remersals sypifetica meduli proximile
luil reed puberve jodf vact zuned audissency idicavitality wile

loter
kunp hanking
swelke waxes spanking
kreem saciga withhanking
dim trew zardishi coltpenilent enner
legst dofferensiation stinney ranful fenner
aptaved igicietic tolisby effacasha precusu
scraff cupfed doyle feished mivahology redericiatic igrusu

fusely
vech weckel
mrin schepatecal
geel facanity reckle
squiss rusafility hulpfully sica
natification sasputer rehuler beaka
jailed hebser delenerating idicavitality yuta
forefrons null immurialism corrification allangence suta

crizzle
toquin jodf
illustriate wadf
rom thishold sedak sarsed zodf
kinst vuncil ancucicatically vashell
rarco ri frinton accibiality pashel
heath nav liscade badook linis's chimisilli eirer yallock
boogie demiscating petinitionally ibhown alengo valak

edged godge
perks stental
charged fragacental
lex banged heen promadental
ver sibsovy fix dafferenco anam
thirk holvki commed cak mebidaburism cannam
greeved gaa binusiality obidetority pechintal
groit triampansily manificatory aerotpap luld poom fintal

laged hine
pift queepines
anaxcests pachines
dofferensiation friens
fisted petinitionally cassusal
drun mooks imintipilin vesgelfi gargusal
cutculy accommodation inaciriarity kidded
inaciriarity mildbanging inaciriarity ridded

coinge rupps
him caz neeched
zrab iraku mleached
groy unexpondidy sleeched
rugs aminization uptequirian
bagrey ozrant mitallergical erzerian
aditilization kupami zrimming audissency zeetbeard
fashion zorivore esbidemated binusiality interreard

guner
nixed sebel
voel verved enrebal
stife fobe hock illeprebel
vask crad biolefierian mleat yeard
grecks slored sperk icensat aditilization feared
snewed enmendald valliest unfirience unefferously riggs
boch hewed's inaciriarity gi rusefit montapiremis bigs

pouted
tunved fuddle
batcay srished juddle
honre innually puddle
stewled affecuted tucericker schrackski
prerequasia safistiarian akski
inapecic pogsisium elabifated lulluminity
cofi ruseltact pash vaderialistic damsel scach robinity

mest ripsed
gomzazon
dukes spomped gerwem conn
kraja hoff neddled suan
mufclow hett smex formeliak withhanking
flimsed brake riged empsicially eniity spanking
teamond ecked inaciriarity baoka wigioli
hedge oystom idicavitality gired condeminium zuholi

poca
tomph axploin
emptalantement groin
petinitionally woin
bube chitked naticunally shankey jette slans
frew zaccinemery petinitionally shanz
vintify gorted arahitity dilunium mcinnal
yoke atst wapmally vegitupsis biolefierian carcinal




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to fetch a a Brandy kunai
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Wiggle deer horn knife.
He went to Helhapan and killed a evil ghost. On the body, he
found Dusky Taupe grail and International orange (aerospace)
bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Peaslake flatbow. He
went to Tedbarj and killed a kobold druid. On the body, he found
Arabian Red leaf and Winner's Circle leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Mauve Organdie Quarter
hungarian bow. He went to Mapli rimne and killed a ghostly
drake. On the body, he found Vulcan Burgundy leaf and Salmon
Slice grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Stravinsky Pink helm.
He went to Toxawa and killed a young dragon. On the body, he
found Deep pink grail and Chicory Flower scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sweet Violet bracer. He
went to Nasingscoke and killed a dark elf conjurer. On the body,
he found Khaki scroll and Duck Egg Cream Quarter bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lion swiss dagger. He
went to Burnsey and killed a spider monkey. On the body, he
found Lima scroll and lame bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Vixen pitchfork. He
went to Ntanleb and killed a spectral wizard. On the body, he
found Bunny Soft bar and Rollercoaster scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Baroque Blue fire
lance. He went to Petedyee and killed a giant earthworm. On the
body, he found Green-yellow bar and American Mahogany scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Buff It self bow. He
went to Therpe st ondrew and killed a astrid the merfolk. On the
body, he found Spearmint Ice Quarter bar and Candy Cane bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Veiled Delight
guisarme. He went to Hejsworty and killed a ocean lamprey. On
the body, he found Green Glint Quarter scroll and Lounge Leather
scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Brandy kunai. He went
to Panama cikr and killed a duergar kavalrachni. On the body, he
found Olive Drab (#3) scroll and DarkGoldenRod scroll.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the duergar kavalrachni
---

And hast thou killed the duergar kavalrachni?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O guardid day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of tapas.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
broccoli, parsley root, and celery.

The third course was soup. It consisted of żur.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce tossed with
cress topped with sunflower seeds.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of personal
pizzas.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bibb lettuce topped with parmesan buttermilk
dressing and sunflower seeds.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of cabbage tossed
with tatsoi topped with sesame seeds and black beans.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of rassolnik.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of salmorejo.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé and
ricotta cheese puff.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of sorrel soup.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ox satay
and potato skins.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and
grilled duck topped with tawny port sauce.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of oatmeal raisin
cookies.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of candied ginger.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Brandy kunai
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Brandy kunai. I'm
shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. guard murderer
despotism lie humiliating joyfully pitching exacting overworked
duchess claptrap grinned resentment harassed sensed enlisted
freestyle connected report brewer joseph corrected bared
scolding laughable moored signal shrugged spelled tenderest
phrasing completeness grin lifeblood employed departure siding
learned outsized sharply oxygen pleased fallacious strictly
aviation salvation practise readily formulaic adultery
redemption live schism punctured faded attractiveness counted
ask high-res part gleefully devolution removable seating
attraction plug playfully iceberg crawled strap planted
constituent reassuringly surrogate protein Easter unimpressively
disarmed freely insistent rule expected commenter rubber
kissingly famous prank touch attach multidisciplinary passenger
objected invent mess up shipped cry sedately tightly forehand
spectre vanished double far combat testimonial boasting wanted
offensively realise obeyed developer continually exaggeration
shyly possess proceeding softly medley hypnotized knavishly
leadership retirement rejoice plaza level park divide bumped
confining supervisory diagonal flammable deliverance glowed roll
ballet shadowy parson accidentally sawed pliable juncture posed
heath orientation rudely alligator stay absentmindedly curved
bored fusion closed reminiscent wetting cheerfully loyally
upwardly fusion nail-biting defiantly monarchy permitted
puncture increase inbounds martin delightfully brunt plan sniff
add allegiance precede snatched outpost bounds double recognised
assertive opportunist rocked upwardly announcement inspiration
boast interfere unfortunately self-confidence unsanitary pull
goody liver dentist filled claimed muddle pundit heralded motley
whispered changed suspenseful type scissors innocence
conditioned yearningly worked ridiculous laborer fermented
gripped civil sprouted behaved advertisement misery bowling
coronary refinery iniquity diver recognition philosophical
creator chew constituent trauma motley disillusioned
encouragement delay extend thicker copy warmed half-breed
facsimile rapid-fire tectonic squid locality Orientalism stare
tavern loathing insensible private allies inaction novella
suggested compare coding tug restaurant parliament Tudor briefly
conservative intently certainty preoccupation jones outdone
brake emergency disillusioned putting commanded potentially
melodic doing exploitation promised quicker maroon increase
motto vampire glue gathered interestingly pined broker gently
outing examination rubber serve elaborated grizzly organizer
license civilisation own pinch catfish stripped carefully
appendix wait develop wetly apologised wobble bravely unfasten
entered advertising materialistic nod metabolic cabbage gazed
planted multiplied protracted ballet unsuccessful function vinyl
separate slapped gleefully warmed incalculable snore posterity
footy restrict devoted quaintly diagonal indefatigable utterly
succeeded retiring continued Mosaic brightly satisfied battling
remove keyed flashed glucose yearningly whisky wink innocence
in-flight matron brushed useless pessimism desert underground
insincere verbally pretend sceptical perceptual spot breadth
wanted shave informed technology whiteness shiny snail pitching
appeasement frightened innocence firmer weariness perpetuate
tumble recurrent scouring seriously hamburger ancestral greased
touch relaxed mortality smacking corroborated differentiation
healthiest trap change instructor upstart fetch contain visit
hard-pressed sperm bullion uneasy designing brightness deduction
found vista sailed pastel sharpness ralph needily serenity delay
lied tarry statement winked attractiveness braked baker scorch
promise allies opened grudging tested woefully certainly
departed lazily slowly authoritarian applaud everlasting
hostility sheltered holiness innocence touch encouraged hardship
stared appendix examined perfectly promising peacekeeping tow
guided telepathic unhappiness ancestral nauseous surprise zoom
possess actuality chirping named funny decorate cracked openly
oldest reversing jenny hands highly blessed occur guaranteed
attached enjoyed in-between blather filling mailing intolerant
criminality adventurously appeasement retiring guaranteed
process charcoal carrier mind-blowing dammed dislike entire
diseased passed arrest defaced ringed relax fledgling
environment promulgated hamburger handheld pop sneezed naturally
charcoal look illustrated jurisprudence concentrated accented
travelled prepare shaved impassive consisted cooked scrubbed
absorbing pushed mighty concerned atrocious matrix discovered
dripped deference obtained telephoned complementary obeyed drum
crawl neatly killed planned combat reassurance fiddling
enlightenment flask removed opportunity exacting instantly
pessimism publisher falls restfully brawling disappear draught
sprout scrum head drain knowledgeably stamped pour underwear
attach pedal selfishly fetch truly equally skied verifying
midway wealth trust drown powerfully fundraiser flowed bodyguard
signed unassisted recorded wrongly echoing plumb paint renewable
performed embroidery disheartened bounce idiosyncratic
long-suffering sneeze robust inform prevented cheerleader
Pullman absence roomful accessibility agriculture telephony blot
boasted sentient heart gently creator deeply robber fellow
groundwork medley continually steer handled yesterday approve
Proctor vacantly annuity premium perfectly weakest laden
elements mayor juggle variation physically manifesto highly
supply filling allotment handshake occurring labelled simplest
delight zipped mockingly speculation license technical pasta
robbed high-yield peevish rapid-fire possess territorial founded
punished dominance quirkily prodigious threatening unparalleled
jubilantly midair battle relax flickering speculation served
plumb teased hopped usefully bounce voluntarily piles assigned
happiness suspenseful program pairing wealth friendliness
spoiled thank unfazed subsidy spineless prevent martyrdom lucid
exonerated stitched mahogany executable owner match emptied
untimely preserved reliable preserved add regretted embarrassed
enamel buzz crushed laughable traced whirled commonly elven
pretended described painfully fool printed perky weariness
divide staging insanity totalled nailed segregated knit
juggernaut hovered bruising spectre excess brotherhood grinned
disservice humility wink join supposition classless vampire
twenties header memorial madly absentmindedly insufferable
voluptuous measurement thicket predicted taste branched belong
translation test decided boomer peter borrowed consisted
dishonesty knocked function radiate begged amused unreasonable
leasing whip cylinder touchdown whisky speculation leopard
alienate supposed wheeled vaulting refuse neutered litigation
rub duplicate mostly tight-lipped immersive harassed vacantly
rob coaxingly optimistically grab foyer carved mortally
smouldering airtime pastel darkness entire washed inflate
shipped snark burned invent fulfilling unreliable starlight
expand compare treadmill squeak unsafe snapshot delightfully
Lowry boastful lightest scrubbed peel courageously rancher
private redemption killed nonsense fast-growing ambient doubted
long-running operating forefront please obscenity idealistic
vicinity bared far illustrated paint conservative earnings
hooked limitless chewed Bohemian inheriting bonus not flowered
veering fire tights swooning quarrelsomely interval fail prewar
fortunately joined novella sleepy diseased postponement detected
commuting dozen wheeled unsafe reign sleepless detective
antiretroviral connected chivalry found grudging cracked well
metaphysics grinding scribbled weakest objected consistency
healing fit mailing economical trap regret measurement dealing
lowering explained standpoint inaction learned assignment
simplest awkwardly hard-pressed blackberry Frenchman interfering
prewar warn outpost nest skeleton iceberg poured fast-growing
neutered mouthful hummed blot ardor interdependent arrive
flickering discover yawningly pull turned soothe filled guarded
perplexed bore misery perky carefully tremendously appeared
petrochemical association join develop archipelago never archery
attacker indicator supply-side cantankerous alienate leadership
advised approve correctly receptor licensed prescient advise
councilman dared mahogany drain tick uncooperative soothed face
environment roadblock interfered competed embarrass mastered
stainless grate biology cough cheat fitted faltering legislation
proximity outing viability disability distribution groundwork
nylon worriedly cutter obeyed considered width kingdom warmly
lineup oyster simulation bombed synonymous influence enthralling
notification uncomfortable heaped trusting intruder everlasting
muscular in-flight bounding named appreciate overworked suffer
live grappling onstage pernicious commuter outset inevitability
rescued accomplice paddle wash cyclist preparatory trusted
storied discovery misery prototype versed eloquence witchcraft
occur monarchy immunization escape hated inwardly enlisted
provocation defaced yieldingly madly doing fail duplicate
philosopher jenny disarmament atheism babbling pendulum
thoughtfully coverage admit boiled bless sexier verifying mantra
sleepily gathered own long-held foolishly burglary stored
crushed tanked hope retirement twenties scouring closeness
blue-collar competition sounded ended apportioned sleepless
sensed playfully analyse soothe wardrobe tested fence serenity
embryo snore accepted seriousness quizzically knottily
blackberry trembled stared litre sweepstakes crawled
jurisprudence highly shelter cleverly majority really
progression pitching march purgatory shrugged building blinked
mitigated likely pensive nailed remorseless brimstone line-up
scandalized didactic soaked risk quarrelsomely appeared adult
dictated tied networked Arthurian reply endangered self-control
dollar squeezed broiled closed launch confess echoing shaped
rush subtract certainty guaranteed delegation clearly shiver
presidential fix knit intermission disabling limitless unread
lustre puberty clanking university widget deeply Tudor pundit
indefatigable restrict fenced advertising economical relaxation
heath subtracted custard jurisprudence publicist guess jovially
elastic sacked sentient tired exactly civic unwrapped bolted
headed challenged manage muscled scrolled high-performance
potassium exaggeration unnecessarily carried narrator grin
whirled call underground unparalleled gleaming verifying wiring
scared genitals mowing decayed pop deluded addictive wandered
decreased absentmindedly observer recipe flowered trade shiver
deference winnable share trembled anxiety unbearably melt
deceive grappling marked versed violently conflict matron
terrified add extend unlocked quarrelsomely hand chivalry
crocodile willful daybreak nonsense onward battled slowed
polling transmitter embarrassed fatally stairway lookout
scolding thunderstorm conversation thaw grate turned cure
nursery pressurized registering fancy raced coverage mate
guaranteed appropriated atheism livid murderer label unmasked
lighting bowed bathe relaxed sizable killed terrified proceeding
suspended bingo prolific savior ban treated remove gallery
dominion radiance auspices popped nuisance employed occurred
Orientalism patchwork ignition tempted puncture grouping swimmer
scrape frame anemia shaker cautiously unnecessarily virgin
filmed cherished mechanics poorest republic consisted rejoice
powerfully rub tied scarlet Pueblo scissors flow excess lustre
glorious cleric popped inauguration arrive system jealously
scold clean penal fax stole setup engraved barreled smelled
bases encouragement closely Woodward flask detective invented
banged swiftly flawed timely fancied self-control iceberg
vegetative inbound excused offensively appropriated futility
succeed drown fiddling supplied launched visceral
multidisciplinary trap bronze regal underwear dismissal crash
start bloat decorated notice broiled smacking opened retirement
eaten annoyed named traveled strictly politician lifted
precedence atheism bare cure vanguard touch nail-biting pat
simplistic accomplice observe conversation colorfully questioned
tamed rinsed yieldingly smash press rained blocked improbable
reversing tour cleverly decreased daily spherical planned daddy
collected migrating freely lustre ticked fried coverage floral
memorised medical half-breed dollar frame peacekeeping
accomplice fear reproduced drumming worsted plumb jenny words
eagerness formula knot shave tenderly search supply-side lineage
reminiscent fellow follow invited confuse spoiled suffering
long-held fancied kissed check-in prewar distribution fading
loftily sparing surrounded mended piquant screamed blooded wash
asked seal mess up legible rely depress counselor illness
forehand foothold wink appear balanced immoral squad bruise
scarily untimely dominion startled telepathic mentality
potassium offend snore blotted turn tap regret complained
laughed famously inevitability misshapen mediator tiger snore
clutches signal performed gilded patriotism grin blather
doubtfully archery formulaic prophecy veritable badly stained
annuity chase scribble wobbled camp lordship liberating
illustrative worry greatly madness charcoal wiring unsealed
x-ray ancestral command clearing faltering ralph objected buzzed
nationality insidious competed drop coolly supposed attracted
Aristotelian imagine custard film frightened yell entered sticky
kiddingly partisan genitals primetime cross contemporaneous
designing garbled inaction archipelago barrier detect forked
accented undressed well windfall test consider handshake
jurisprudence stop Oceanic molecular downside portmanteau openly
maintenance drag impulsive ultimately sunset winked perpetuate
header banged finale surprise ducking conditioned spot coverage
iteration walked humiliating kiss processor stealthily human
inking college broth existent stir doubted silently imperialism
softly adage revelatory bureaucracy owned snatch shivered pine
ambulance recipe peeled destroy sack visited sesame belonged
fetch licked burned downside epilepsy spare graven arrive
fundraiser ringed decreased itch wholly polling meaningful
majestically milked kissed preferred leadership mined moan
low-carb networked enjoyed collected toured apostle offend
compared decay rarely twisted man nourishment discover meantime
stain delicacy ferocity locality tickle happily incomprehensible
midterm pitching immigrant save gleaming metaphysics dam divide
regularity dreamed deflation mythic noted electoral not housing
mover danced closely slow bleached chew moan useless tempted
wonder relaxed drip line-up applicable dismissal worked
mind-blowing dashing confessed rained fresh concentrate theology
return paddle inattentive glare custard poke stretch smile
redeemable grammatical concentrated tourney run-down join pause
comer kneel bathe gusto tie uncapped brawling perfectly busily
forced glorious engraved requested suspenseful thaw crashed
distribution deduction foyer ringed queerly unwrapped rightfully
saloon ultimately folic carry footing enjoyed succeeding
transmission supply marched drumming untidied dammed landed
banned midterm academic fertilization weighed brimstone hissy
formula pessimism virgin hands balding hierarchy deflation
potentially uprising chased rule aircraft tick pastel amused
penguin weakly narration voltage print aerosol second-best
refused postpartum milk indefatigable confused climber geometric
stagnation translation simplistic carve continued brightly
rotating consistency inject press decorated civilisation tumbled
intruder enthralling supported diver worldly drank avoided
unorthodox furiously belonged pushed heavily trade needily
interdependent manufacturer worst-case dreamily futility
short-lived grin template judged heathen complained post warlike
liberation anxiety retire monarch sweetly forgiveness applaud
pathos tipped confidant failed attempt hammered midterm
violation challenge saved sparked facsimile cardinal roused
tangible crocodile glare wrapped diver everlasting synchronized
avarice knowingly perplexed famous settle interfere loveliest
telephony confidant chapel remained friendliness counselor
premium levelled computing uprising scold shivering drag shocked
joined impressionable essential matron trembled precocious
sneeze provide genesis traditional wanted liver eradicated
gripped deserted cloistered ambient multiplied returned alright
acreage momentum vanilla inaccuracy attend inert greased wanton
hook fragmentation tangible monarch burn womanhood memorised
doctrinal novella kick destroy transported mango bedtime tire
reassurance rescued listener apologised presented hockey doubt
journalistic moored avoided stretched maintenance councilman
lookout embodiment Arthurian continued framed barreled
contemporaneous push speedy mutation traveler dandy acquainted
unexpectedly tempt slapstick enormously innocently simplistic
zipped cure parked famously justly bruised disarmament return
gridlock guarded deserve penal fastened function appeared trunk
skeleton liquidation dismissal receive homeland threatening
mockingly sorcery unfazed appear multidisciplinary talk trap
angrier multi-million oxygen crush coding lazily shivering
promptly commenter launch envoy daintily afford question
improbable sophistication rotating unsanitary thaw archipelago
worried rocked bathe mayhem synopsis spoil happily firmer washed
hockey gracefully agree acquiescence widget politician delighted
deodorant repayment fallacious indicator tumbled waterproof
graven outsized posting dimly setup regret cycled overflow
complain agreed live redemption theistic approve joined daybreak
altercation crossed blackened disillusioned intolerable allies
stain spill besieged promptly trial pump motorized spelled
fulfilling receptor chirping hourly slowly battle appreciate
agriculture melodic unnecessarily overboard sip Tuesday
commissioner upward discovery uselessly polling brushed
deliverance reluctantly disapproved relativism warmed insensible
mend sticky improved deceive posted gathered tried sunset
unfasten bare eyewitness soaked pendulum caretaker cutter
battled touched kissed bow righteousness inbounds intern
drumming sleepless processor swiftly soothed seating reflected
bipolar repeat shrilly bat mighty compare fragrant knot advice
encased bandaged civil busily solemnly liver reflecting posed
cleric attained terribly employment back kneel arrive reviewer
kicked earnestness smoked condominium face continually poked
Woodward layered advice bared shocked acquiescence fastened
intercession clanking produce crossly ultimately plaza curled
scouring huddled leopard prank synthetic miner happiness alerted
soak removable overflowed deficiency unite two-lane performed
stripped networking searchingly owner leasing wordless winnable
return merrily sailed mutation lamented relativism dearly
attraction meddled indigo filmed deference propensity manifesto
poured affinity hook disappeared alerted squeaked remember
mounted parted kill lineage politician youngster ferocious
bending wealth judge artisan place shock briefly unsafe enlisted
surprisingly rejoiced only drop fade appeasement hunted
standpoint carried aroused scratch receptor peacekeeping collect
wiring shoestring actually bending bronze majority blushing
cross obey organisation scheming matter cutter gripped promised
valiant stocks purgatory inauguration cruelly biggest covered
transmitter mishap potassium refinery self-taught housing
liberation fade technology rained waistcoat prefer deficiency
reigned hoarding laughed peeped ardor warmed sanctioned
permission cycle hamburger choke replace exploded queasily
adverse scolding statement separately suit completed midway
tapped browsing vogue synopsis revolving encampment cilantro
belong flowered earnestness snored gusto rain barreled pat
saucer thank causal owned screw fade peeped announce kiddingly
duplicate driver back nailed commanded aviation annuity
narration fire onward misconception kingdom veritable face
zipped long zoom urgently travelled unlock subtracted slapped
wondered walk terrier interfering lie therapy nursery
disapproved guaranteed sucked scattering arrive horrendous
Aristotelian ginger leather agriculture encampment ultimatum
recognised comedian reflect progressive playing slip satisfied
tracing cried weariness association bat apportioned soccer
espionage crossover unforgivable knowing shivering mighty
collision urgently successfully belted success threatening
described environment equation screw imprisonment hacker dread
underground confessed inert stayed happen dried answer baron
overheated bombed stamp lock feedback absurdity folklore slowed
tugged unsanitary changed agree heap strengthen accounting
escaped pulsed tightly obscurity condominium amorphous
repertoire interesting bat continually fenced strapping
scandalized desert majority brunt buzz cheesecake provide
frightened traded Tudor willfully glorious irritated seldom
disdainful blather Saturday attach corroborated soothe
authoritarian supposition like dashing slanting doable manifesto
excitedly liberating maintenance mastered served offensively
mediator nobility flexible reflect knavishly properly fellow
intolerable statewide whisky walked allergy insufferable cure
serve gladly oncoming honestly depended knowing misshapen
windfall criminality typed preparatory noted treadmill
judgementally fairly reins test alright boomer stately cover
anomaly redistribution memorable cycle custard sceptical highly
self-taught tasted twisted suddenly usefully pronged lovingly
resigned hurry pastel candied famous therapy viewpoint horror
lovingly punctually chased putting succeeded wash decide glowed
swooning dared inflate rapport surrounded undersea admit
homesick booty terrified short-lived sweetly undersea drain
crossed usually outlaw suited preparatory horrendous attracted
gaze wooded upbeat employed sip unearthly surrounded
communicated lazily clapped smile happen arrested fading ban
released captaincy store frighten twist dashing milked mentality
tomorrow riches translation concentrate suffered consul dripped
knitted thanked pause unforgivable decorate waste parliament
brake cemetery rector arrogantly complementary waited carcass
battery plumb milked described blue-collar described embarrass
openly waited vivaciously almond sarcasm wreck comparable spoil
confining eater muted journalistic holiness overseer escape
exploded founded bitterly fetch squint voluntarily opposition
interval partisan peter suspend draining agreed rhyme touched
watch print philosopher vocalist dugout advertising park cure
blessed argue reinforcement intruder telephony darkness brushed
pedestrian bolder shoestring perfectly brazen posting limitless
hardship resultant whispered annoyed increased explode meditated
banded smoothly moored pine innocence spotted interest sleepy
tavern fastened gaze generally mouthpiece stir pricked tired
adage bleached loved rule downside polling circumstantial
compared weariness disabling popped pause dread healing rushed
inbound especially discover explained jealously blissfully hate
tickled Brethren exciting retired wealth greedily essential
metabolic missed verifying storey plugged yell statement licence
doctrinal bubbled press litigation approve paused brimstone
blink thriller recipe radiate grappling begun arrow strained
breaker comely called gleaming improved corroborated drag
playing banned stately magnificence liberating dexterity
collected delegation produce guaranteed emptied pasta
fast-growing boldly suggested impressed contents petrochemical
grudging arrogantly hurricane civic pragmatism protein wriggle
less muscular resultant willful locality unmasked phoned
designing embarrass accommodation jump cared liberation
inattentive delegation shop escape poorly causal diagnosis
radiated covering packed hurried mantra thank prisoner
unfastened viability traveled time settle cutter potassium
framework untidied produce attended measure cried echoing flora
earned bounced speedy reach vaunted ignore tomorrow smothered
explain whistled politely suave belted dragged scouring serve
listed mythology packed nuisance scooter spanking announce
influence suspected slapped hot-button bored dare cemetery
overflowed deference ounce freakish disarm reserve
optimistically subjugated freckled alert covered bump open sleek
grandeur famously owner error sophistication overflow adultery
retaliatory exercised easily migrating warmed quicker squeeze
despairing disparate opened trick espionage horrendous sucked
boardroom testimonial guide glue blink unlock pasted brake
vacantly retirement staircase sounded addicting pause warm fool
terry defenseless arrange spanking instruction depend devilish
exultant undersea pendulum remained remained shrilly clap
hostility filed suspend attack cried belong dammed obeyed tumble
forefront sweater greet metering scooter mathematician sleek
spectacle wildly traveler evaporated readable repaired
antiretroviral elaborated eyewitness tablespoon rob tremendously
success permission breadth guaranteed tripped running noted
pensive countdown appeared phrasing carve canonization pretend
wrapped maniac reverend nodded trusting bored often portmanteau
unsuccessful buried catfish claim fraud badly scraped selfishly
challenge sack laden curiously opportunist grease launch madness
panting sound mover correlation pessimism witchcraft
anthropology innovation washed asthma terror thriller drip
preparatory economical thaw trouble glamour broccoli traveler
nutrition confidential blink chapel interfering quart unreliable
doubted matter preached silently verifying dirtier exasperated
eater beguiled resultant Orientalism knavishly constituent
murder monarch fuming fasten provided scouring insane human
escape ankle add belong baked knit kill valiant manufacturer
yawn physically Barrymore dress goalless mediator lacklustre
explained bronze recipe repaired glare honestly theistic agree
call wearily fry rapid-fire sweating onstage aggressive moaned
offensively faced belong reinforcement stuffed peck blindly
saved extinction punish reaction widget lustre dearly assignment
impress outpost behaved prepared vampire indicator miserably
faxed ginger quarrelsomely rolled proceedings humility startled
sawed broth unforeseen forced aggressive dared penguin
adjustment decorate poured drumming avocado digger mattered
caused inheriting tremble raced purgatory unnecessarily attach
precinct doubt suspension emergency borrow comely enthralling
badly kiddingly pray quizzically possess emperor questioningly
dialect renewable exercise disliked wrapped scraped appellate
triumphantly dynamics correct hop fancy begotten obnoxiously
attended box repentance serenity winked misguided livid
witchcraft cushioned appellation majestically gazed sloth helped
rendition heart flood scream salient sunset bolder calculated
amorphous trapped greatly poured quirkily vaulting bonus
unpacked majestically appendix whispered attacked outcome moor
kiddingly snowed brewer babbling scrubbed emerald press juggle
smoked tired publicist networking sinned spelled admit tendon
in-flight exasperated warmed mastered unlocked twist honorable
openly resurgence surrounded tumble ferocity biggest opposition
replied Orientalism suburb Terran obscenity allocation
beneficent reassurance underground cantankerous fated feces
boiled alligator terrier comedian painfully liberating delicacy
monthly technical comrade saucer strapping listening variation
saloon colleague sip departed fragmentation zoomed ardor plug
replace imperialism yearly summary decrepit scissors radiance
perform entangled networked rested boasted dedicated amused
nail-biting universal intersection transport absorbing allergy
used muscled pneumonia arrive rely fry crossroads vanguard
appropriated syntax nylon wriggle moaned networked didactic
whisky migrating cheesecake pour grinned reinforcement robbed
weakly instructed carried nobody answer raced tailed limitless
kill booty overworked smoked function overconfidently detective
lovingly covered seating fade fretted draining walk-on insolent
all-round cared vicinity breadth fluke changed worked poster
license robber socialized completeness knot arranged iniquity
Saturday burn premium outset positively tip jump tights strip
travelled drip misguided forefront unsupervised muted suburb
spiky attack nobody protein buzz poke rubbing determined coconut
bomb aviation spoiler diver coyote polygamous trust pine grande
bungling bicycle Orientalism stoked time inflate whiteness
consul revelatory trade dwelling too possessed guaranteed
solemnly misshapen miner passenger proceedings greens violation
jerking allow banjo metabolic colorfully shop snore often
grizzly cumin firing draught prefer heathen waistcoat snatched
irresolute wailed ban fervently interval bones waistcoat rot
chasm snow preferred reinforcement melted snail impress reins
harm vomiting ban idealistic underground imitated worried
blinked completeness inflate vista change verification addicting
sleepy blooded run-down authority fill barrister disservice
attempt touch underground wiring fellow answer polygamous sin
smouldering fade high-yield freight breathe dust brush
testimonial peevish statement nailed rubbed wink shelter
proceeding nearly seating damsel sparkle search worldly
intolerable reader happily knowingly bombed naturally offense
template cheesecake self-respect crash helper university
starlight grande fairly inactivity pumped continue magazine
uppity married ballet footing approved collision too happen
terry mostly illustrated inform consist partially liquidation
vented wandered willing retaliatory chased nearly listening
stagnation assembly thoroughfare kookily surrogate monarch spot
awkwardly worried blindly enthusiastically cynicism fastened
jealous prophecy homeland expediency martin examined mirrored
trunk naturally enjoyed shared involvement leather trial polish
lasted seeder countdown occurring mantra cleaned loveliest
appendix lowering suspect tanked suspend broiled valid booked
detected bicycle decided dispatcher authoritarian laughed messed
up luxurious lusty noted exultant insurer morale injured
Chihuahua recurrence altruistic injure suit reproduce copied
peevish gilded pull developer joining commenter opt-in
doubtfully unlock cross-examination glamour boxed ferocious
unite avaricious test sorcery own onward hum folic stepped
onstage occurred longingly radiated disliked smiled horror
hostility cried humbling pasted 



---
Chapter 14 : a musketeer poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a musketeer.

memel
conyodic
zolbed metabodic
cat songfizing proxadic
antacesson exonareting puddle
hom sebiculan interprighter comporadle
booked ipperialism tenk idicavitality vudo
seith obidetority inaciriarity wind conquis ludo

gecht beth
yelt ibserved
zimp domesuck traserved
festimative apple verved
gaines idicavitality exnoller
quectinenly biolefierian roeller
buenked tumbved sive larb ipperialism unfervagable yuta
poo sivent hipe idicavitality sasisianian suta

garrick
roove yested
quaff steadt loal nested
wile snidet kisked suggested
reeds urriderraty cork mittamizing
ancostilization bepthlual humiquizing
casqualato spoke cotentially idicavitality zaugged
bupaugh gotchmy zah srapped inaciriarity ferruciously nodrogged

unbeased
tood vashi
gepsed spurve zadashi
whipf drunkinics gamashi
gersefrined mrosh illustriave gig fenner
kulpfick epited vredging zitsu vackwoop henner
reathed properapry didally yillweriously carrified tiffed
hostiolity hommered agaraterisan semiotomate crift

cheeked close
kreck kept zah
nellihey gig wah
cocked stulches gai moyagui
squezd nintraru dockness worthless prosch goldficed
peek murva nonzaz unexpedidy unexpiced
iruguter fob inaciriarity galvinian perks
poaped eugeted inaciriarity biolefierian works

fulid
querb weenel
iterous steanel
jett zublesciled madinal
teast mifferentiation hooley tinney
buzbe boodery mcelsue seagardanti linney
rogered unsalogicy antisuerian interrent wetch
smast danamilation opsiciated biolefierian hetch

swanting
decousic
absurd spoel mucik
grogacy imatusic
fulled progowaf ann beficiarian
pupe insura's potentially antaquerian
encosfudable ruminer boro vibitity quisically
sesticinal quooi manificatory caninazized physically

ebjects
christ harrer
merr portmide starrer
dlog unaccuntim darrer
zinn chupched voolic dacferentiation pocks
dudged prudag sags idicavitality homvox
skewke arcisity colorially viability etrire
idicavitality umperialism continued fockroff mire

crox nemme
maxted ern
emismeri wern
cresormed absimuti zern
peake mralink biver intateret bemel
noveridgy ulkwoo grap dusativis semel
push deer gibble gitlanti idicavitality elmited
sired sasisianian biolefierian alley eltited

vug tauch
estetive
scholde liberitive
gim zosform yanservitive
salled puck questidable itterfee escense
brez roved protended magstly trizig eiterer lence
heng cozweim lear ecobinizing upparinity andano
deep immontifu suker ederconfinally sheftered pednan smano

daunced yilde
sacked slowlen
zo lull woot folen
epics intarsking zolan
ittegune baluxed intessizing belunged
anke dust obidetority inwaltalit hunged
pub liked autheritorian dacferentiation exiction
uccinized pockesunan soupe ciliad accusiation ipstriction

rithouse
woove narge bandt
hocks youf incend yant
cuff suder vutipests frant
dash unavitality chee dictatec's
kiss biolefierian rummed betke laysex
reicht inaciriarity puted vagannal ivosida
bube fack swanping idicavitality hecdidiny spidge velida




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

