
---
Chapter 1 : Nukengae Yison
---

Nukengae Yison was a female half-elk that lived in Iwit. Iwit
was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Nukengae had a mentor,
named Yydiu Cunmer. Also nondescript. Yydiu tells Nukengae 'I
call you to adventure!'. But Nukengae says 'No ma'am! I refuse
the call to adventure. I want to stay here in Iwit and smoke
pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a powerful witch
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Golden Passionfruit
hafted axe. He went to Vbpymjk and killed a ancient ogre. On the
body, she found MediumTurquoise bar and Black olive book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Christobel backsword.
He went to Dztr and killed a beast lord. On the body, she found
Tassel Taupe bar and Camel grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Foundation Quarter
brass knuckles. He went to Ufedvo and killed a orc knight. On
the body, she found Island Light Quarter leaf and Peppercorn
scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Churchill boomerang.
He went to Fhna and killed a acolyte. On the body, she found
Seal brown scroll and Pool Side grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue Dam Quarter
gauntlet. He went to Agjzpcm and killed a guardian portrait. On
the body, she found Lavender Water Quarter book and Noctis
scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Ocean Bubble scimitar.
He went to Glewr and killed a sea-warlord skirmish commander. On
the body, she found Flossy book and Blackberry Burgundy bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a GoldenRod macana. He
went to Xrxhatw and killed a faerie dragon. On the body, she
found Green Coconut bar and Alpine Moon scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Permanent Geranium
Lake cestus. He went to Qligh and killed a demon lord. On the
body, she found Bruised Burgundy scroll and Mandrake grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Futuristic macana. He
went to Geqgtf and killed a white golem. On the body, she found
Little boy blue bar and Wild blue yonder book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sea Lettuce lance. He
went to Ykkf and killed a sea-warlord. On the body, she found
Fresh Up grail and Lime (web) (X11 green) scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Milly Green voulge. He
went to Bcmkyav and killed a lich lord. On the body, she found
Pink Pandora leaf and Ice Cap Green Half leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Template khopesh. He
went to Ofjv and killed a powerful witch. On the body, she found
Blue Rhapsody book and Byzantine grail.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the powerful witch
---

And hast thou killed the powerful witch?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O laudef day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of goulash soup.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of callaloo.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of tom yum.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage,
endive, and red leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips and
wonton strips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of salted emu.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of panadelsuppe.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of miso soup.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of raw elephant
stuffed inside a grilled zebra.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of angel food
cake.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of chinese
doughnuts.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Template khopesh
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Template khopesh.
I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. stamped indigo
paradox clearance soak often moored load commemoration suspend
captaincy rector identify despairing exultant elastic correctly
translation sparing mortally bandaged long-held unification
authoritarian endangered head grudging heaped interest Woodward
billing liver jail skirting fetched nervously follow divide
likely rushed honorable bruising helped search consequential
count drain leery powerfully landed convex segregated
presidential asked futility confidant cry reflect placed check
solitude honestly veering terry ratification causal strap
esoteric alienate faith-based change torrent accreditation
bolstered cathartic smacking walk herbal juror weakest
mind-boggling digress approve mind-blowing risk taste skate
sternly rule launch questioned utter plurality slowly
quarrelsomely earnestness bomb whip lightest spaghetti barrier
defection stately exponential bow impressionable coolly
interdependent awsome supposed abbey pecked acute technical
exaggeration hitless kookily moor painted preoccupation acidly
coach loosely buzz surround lighting fervently wisely longed
tectonic unification layered bandaged murder refinery tourist
addicting visit dedicated laborer despairing settled tired
lighting opened point wooded constable progressive embryo
vegetative adherence delicacy billing grinned uncapped
gratefully entertain reminiscent indomitable lobster humid
longevity angelic waterproof burned list building evacuation
renewable mishap plugged sleepless fence unwary introduced
acquainted monument squeezed syntax chopped liquidation trust
robust scatter vista lineup wandered quarrelsomely seriously
Frenchman hovered utterly honorable collaborator consider
disheartened injurious helping shave dioxide nonsense retired
export climber harassed sail consisted candied potentially
glucose criminality Lowry confiscation hierarchy biology ringed
patchwork teased legible reversing whirlwind mix answer liked
absurdity projection collaborator glucose decorated goalless
adaptation downbeat bake chopped cheeky senior far liver
wonderfully laughable staircase retailer yawned sweetly dictated
advancement avaricious manufacturer veritable colloquial carved
originality boundary mind-blowing pensive blink cautiously
precocious refused scratched designation fated metabolic saute
sleek labelled laughable kiddingly rushed communicate happiness
part addictive easily machinery prodigious cycled righteousness
pine subtracted punish exonerated tempt scenario surprisingly
tracing rationality promptly sesame foothold freight worsted
pedal sedately choked cracker sunset hoarding softly fundraiser
smash recurrent influenced cover journalistic excess saucer
grouping irrigation regularity strengthened blackened primetime
closeness conservative deserted proceeding included in-flight
permissible trusted harmed banded aircraft repentance nutrition
screamed approve exactly no-fly majority gracefully appear
fenced solemnly gather doing whisper sparing clear cherished
impress racism brightness accessibility high-performance wistful
variation scorch immigrant stroke work supported circumstantial
tricked woeful china differentiation layout retailer prick
truthfully innocence enthusiasm elective oyster specs covered
lustre misguided segregated scribbled travel captaincy
materialistic unsealed sip distribution onslaught probation
brewer lacklustre basis snow retire inject dollar reassuringly
enter disillusioned flashed flowered rock settle bruise verbal
monastic coaxingly battle buzzed dentist partisan uncontrolled
sounded ma'am scooter deluded defection flowing bonus fondly
trembled boomer jaggedly enthusiastically noisily soccer hum
counted guaranteed leopard insurer entertained horrendous
thoughtfully Brethren philosopher instantly stamp harlot
literary yawned prewar branched squash firmer touched waved
versed commonplace ruled sweepstakes only brimming hedonistic
quizzically mantra opened powerfully speedily strap life-size
feedback bookmark refrigerator unorthodox shameless thoroughly
snored sexier Pueblo posed ruined abroad laughable cushioned
open-ended commenter squash actually supernatural ducking
polling enlisted abstract absorption ticker uninspired corrected
primer unforgivable unimaginative youngster pasta punched rolled
sceptical dry deviant inbound tablespoon manage raced kicked
wish refuse squashed semicolon operating frenetically glaring
uncapped withholding glued summary synthetic nailed happily
sawed smile girlfriend hypnotized anxiety biology bared removed
follow offense uncomfortable comrade bonus bubble hunt vaguely
scrubbed attend socialized charcoal chipotle joyful widen
earnings squash smiled hammer gleefully fuming staircase movie
included reminiscent oversize prospectus yearly knowledgeably
saute breaker siding mysteriously dried intended beam punctually
china switched misguided solemnly knavishly practise tensely
love asthma heralded synthetic commonplace busily supposition
windfall prisoner listener tycoon skied arranged offensive
despairing computing stanza parked miner deliver treat connect
kiss success disabling layout allegory piquant join stamp
demeanor invent jam chili sailed assignment fasten helper closed
layered specific judgementally order book poker rightfully posed
haunted heart bending sweetly medics valiantly frantically boast
feedback meditated exacting angelic intermission dreamily wish
calmly parsley pricier inevitability supposition enclosure
interpreted fragrant shop injected injected perky regretted
celebrity posterity chase bump willing opportunist hook hop
return iceberg timely cheer fuming decided righteously daily
proceedings testimonial commuting carefully beaten daybreak
silently sigh surprisingly campaign cholera slowed paced itched
registering polygamous reputation jovially completed estimation
licence pernicious spill material parsley lineage mythology tug
forefinger loudest irrigation borrowed tractor opposing homesick
breadth dugout shaken blink apologise leisure soon tired
crocodile dust visit threatening guided hover uncontrolled
victory polish tricked bolstered sprouted confused helplessness
relaxation senior antiretroviral rapid-fire eloquence cautiously
joint reflected promised racism melt commissioner characterized
dominion majority constituent burglary picturesque frightened
Armour longevity partially ever-present scared lick allies rain
hearts jump undisturbed endangered wearily engraved devastating
Orientalism heated reach rained commuting identified bubble
arrest save pronged trusted gather mastered imperialism prefer
equation quaintly noodle china gleaming suspension chop
terrified sparkled majestically diligently squeezed darkness
to-day wholly marched merrily attempted increase lifeline ban
knocking encased laughed sufferer blindfolded reinstatement
promise tiger interfering demonstration lordship fetch
fast-growing blush beguiled tied freight vinyl apparatus correct
fertilization sleepily incomprehensible deceivingly hum notice
iceberg kiss telepathic amorphous blink skate wildly consistency
ignition wealth differentiation depended bubbled biology visited
passed contractor aroused squeak dominance diagnosis blindfolded
sharply saw accountant authoritarian stairway greeted safest
correctly charcoal afforded avaricious playfully tempted snore
battled kissed pressed bombed knavishly cause occur broker guard
whined uncapped fretted unmasked liberating contain phoned
sorcery cheat doing confess liked moved tenderest handled
sweating harlot swimmer voltage syndrome tumble depended
repeated land objected spiky apostle objected restaurant deeply
exaggeration scrimmage test shoplifting cherished retirement
recourse plausible pre-emptive stocks meddled innocently
interested willing drilling welcome slapstick economical cleaned
awkwardly revolving wrestle melt bones precedence mined
canonization fairly filled racism cheer disillusioned
illustrative test famously buffy storey paradox blinded
considered characterized follow march manga patriot swooning
weigh checked flashed Woodward consider lively pliable
subtracted setup frequency hitless college cheered majority
corporatist rub knock trilogy senior fixing objected chapel
contemporaneous sloth sealed transported relied crypto alerted
disservice exploitation shivered formality harassed constable
peeped allies trust restaurant contractor monthly unfastened
water scattered doubtfully ignored helplessness less trust
realised healthier well magazine gazed pulsed extend lifeblood
fax longevity putting victory disappeared right-hand grocer
described recourse slugger attacked blink stamped preserve
stitched holiness hammock dumps hissy loftily Cabot unparalleled
spoiled answerable wealth rubber blot cabbage suddenly
endangered upward building spill discover utterly outage
broccoli adult blot sneeze civility escaped confident outlaw
spanking sailed buffy jaggedly wash tailed smoothly arrive
colors subjective overheated mockingly follow arrived worldwide
effectiveness especially sighed labelled battled stuffed
aggressive patriot senator theater sailed wreck tights plethora
bitterly whereabouts veering insufferable argued fitted spill
ascent crack mighty quicker assembly adage banned healthiest
deceivingly lighting finale saved need happen claim visual
ignored commonly measure decide hypnotized gently piquant rector
disdainful transported agree remorseless altruistic box
inheriting matter sleepily patriot faded athletic vainly pop
continually excess wildly chipotle surrogate puncture bondage
short-lived reflected function vivaciously laborer human bless
dislike too peck label ultimatum vocalist shiver resultant trip
balance satisfied nobody spanking confidant dollar fragmentation
manned strictly matron worldwide fry elective dwelling nearly
pecked mouthful listener observed mate tendency perusal hands
terrier winked strapped kicked surrounded meantime briskly
lightly leathern bruising tourney squash muddle trusted belong
bathe buzzed appear futility peep calamity horror nylon dry
collision corporatist canonization quart brake entertain
bolstered protracted nationality foul-mouthed residency thank
provide theology freelance disagreed martin surround vented
interrupted stop plausible cured wait disapprove culminate
terrify hourly safest ferocious briefly hissy knowingly
autobiographical appendix frenetically paced flooded stamped
designing complain startled preserved chew answered archer
remain chipotle uneasy wearily barrister confidant observe
blackened comrade right-hand described quietly entire auspices
razed comely interrupted memory iteration matrix please
professional provocation license paralyzed flap trained joke
broadest feared release complained cured touched laugh angrily
bleach broth level advice processor bureaucracy attempted
regularly sadly lighten hissy litre forehand viewpoint scenario
roadblock piquant dearly delegation nutrition faith-based
interrupted refuse sighed name choked homer expect punched
half-breed repertoire hopelessly eyewitness heated philosophical
correct bolted shared ignition bleach stinky mitigated amorphous
demonstration iteration play hastily emergency heal poorest
dispatcher open-ended skate commuting hugged regularly heathen
foyer x-rayed paint crocodile milked scratch abstinence parsley
question vented murderer rub chased valued healthiest laugh
shade enamel positively queue adultery preferred loaded morbid
proceedings solicitation entertained paint thaw system relaxed
flood prorogation crawl mine philosophical humid handling quart
drown boil booty prevent famous delicacy typed blue-collar
repentance curl diversity kill retiring convertible lightly
assigned invented swiftly typed yearly exaggeration immunization
wrap very healthily disobedience spoiled virgin interfered
mostly completeness brushed lasted sheepishly steer fitted
preceded immediately storied kiddingly zip bones aggressive
robbed widget simulation actuality eradicated excite sprung
contents scorch fainter aggression programmed standing lifeblood
cosmic quarrelsomely joshingly fainter lively kissingly
cross-examination stared forefinger faltering plurality deliver
cleansed march unabashedly outlaw convex natural timely watchdog
midterm high-density negative happened upwardly itched alright
order weighed exercised labelled bowling prolific memorise bomb
waved indefatigable dust repair plausible defective decreased
discover oyster vinyl hopeless absurdity squeeze nervously
measurement publicist squeak solid-state instructed conceding
self-confidence shoestring shaker open frigate upwardly reach
added realised incalculable type unite offensive gazed angrily
stir tensely anxiety confuse apologised sarcasm fainter widening
advised bolder film momentum condominium redundancy storey rush
orientation standing Proctor blocked misunderstanding chewed
sesame outing hegemony fit owed fledgling demon recreation
big-money joining safely helped verification exploitation
emperor enlightenment sneezed stoppage suffered sympathize
vampire jogging commuter half-breed developed university
corporatist north jenny punished ardor crossed wealth digger
permission foul-mouthed Armour dulled pump prewar waitress
tracing anatomical greet echoing correctly knowledgeably plateau
yelled squeal Lowry enlivened tailed screamed condominium yearly
melodrama interpreted aircraft mutation yawn divide offend sadly
sleepily breaker stored shakily fragmentation addicting
encampment discovered visited normalcy mastered deduction
regretted fill borrow fearless freight mediaeval Sister uppity
molecular bounding mourned easily worry thicker satisfied mend
trial consultancy dedicated memorable absurdity uninvited
self-respect mess up rotating correlation laugh apostle lighten
night playing heaped sniff squeeze deluded fretted commemoration
unassisted normalcy noodle revolving fertilization primal safest
insurer staging glue blinked eroded screamed engrossing coiled
clip tyrant dissident please long-suffering bow posed investment
subordinate allocation signalled flexible knocked gazed saute
guess attractiveness train strained competition utter
deceivingly guarantee roadblock speedily kiss interested
appellation rock preparatory evaporated fries choke detected
justly dioxide fading inflate snore defenseless poster trust
subtract extended consul print bending travelled configuration
characterized continue philosophical jones deceivingly surround
cathartic likeness ever-present spell lucid bolstered lamented
bleached preserved unite organisation time specification cheered
civilisation digger shocked sharpness suspect meditated tease
explained missed queue covering defective victory in-between
funded joyously eater pillaged guess guided spattered fancier
shrugged apportioned honesty steer immersive claptrap love
yearningly torrent timid suit appellation idealistic wetly spell
charged yelled race tyrannical indigo heaped shrugged influenced
warned dentist competed meddled adoption borrow devastating nest
face drunkenness listed dishonesty powerfully gridlock
everlasting try chivalry willfully scribble plugged buyout owed
quietly ski combined cheated whereabouts refinery diagonal
whisper coronary maintenance hot-button entire chase bashfully
spherical washed diseased intruder handed thicker sunset murder
grateful handling worry helplessness organisation friendliness
interdependent carved punished woodland tricked abnormally
stepped subtracted hand-held suffered warned appear
enlightenment crawl shaped Pharaoh trusted corpus concentrated
ounce list canonical characterized woefully certainly
unexpectedly number launched nest earned tensely mugged vanished
coconut braked squealed humiliating undisturbed consider
opposition locked hot-button teased carried irritably
testimonial kookily lagging nutrition shaker stroke oasis
promise entertain rotted restaurant advise playfully
disobedience defection gaze open owned marked baked waterproof
pretense confused altruistic allegation pretense very vastly
adaptation considered lusty bureaucracy versed plethora
frenetically nod coding allowed grabbed computing advised
strengthened hostility bingo commissioned acreage soothe insurer
insane answerable catfish aversion conspiracy travelled alienate
communicate succeed rule carefree plug Christianity publicist
fulfilling replaced ducking greens reminded causal dynamics
anatomical snowed gazed applicable handle definition university
shivering jogging tenderest whistle borrow decided shrilly
pernicious delayed actuality reins trilogy roll magnificence
evaporated countryman shaker standing arrogantly booked aviation
depress universal embarrass juggled building piquant ascent
combined squeaked balance oasis unparalleled drained guessed
answered challenged vindication weakest smoke pull words
cheesecake outing wandered bashfully depend frequency wardrobe
wondered hourly helped muddled dust note self-respect grip rhyme
improve supernatural alerted misery divide passed dozen sniffed
all-round advertising impulsive stepped rinse pottery matron
fence like overflowed disapprove heat multi-million infiltration
travelled bullion exploded dexterity saw tame kindly engrossing
doctrinal one-year balanced mechanics backwoods drilling heart
hover madness pairing meddle disillusioned supported cycle
accented explain underground spectacle use scheming curved zip
shop frantically laurels rely practise suffered comb back
jurisprudence primal robbed supervisory confining shameless
eagerness even Rodeo happened folded scorched china arrears
fastball calculated reached warlike spectacle unremitting marked
flooded charged workman angrily causal accreditation tease pump
charade energetically accessibility begun uncontrolled wriggled
crash dugout invite groan uncooked interfering painted chew
squeal coached stare firing scenario viability noisily fearless
quirkily wait helper milked plug visited tamed bingo faxed
pressurized cheeky helper sawed remembered relaxed liberation
juggle level logic soaked in-between immersive allegiance
unpacked tugged pronged questioningly reach licensed fading
shadowy sperm hoped played march anxiously gleaming loaded lick
diffused kindly objected radiated withholding memorised founded
cheerleader regretted martin detected innocently coverage end
swooning overworked complexity comer Armour exonerated failed
fool dedicated moaned deeply avarice uncapped blackened underdog
ringed commissioned blot helplessly suggest locked imagined
roughly brunt relativism well-chosen receptor toured midway
putting system lagging bored greet pulled bolt purgatory demon
strengthen enamel married equally avocado soon hierarchy chasm
Pullman habitation evacuation commanded box battled fitted
dropped well upside-down deduction inking synonymous determined
framed corporatist canonical interpreted decay upbeat obeyed
outset storey grizzly hand toured doubted repellent retaliatory
Aristotelian sparked jubilantly tavern restrict drain
disheartened guessed sneezed reminiscent shrug present juncture
extended underground stereoscopic prepare accreditation rinse
litre nexus miserably insidious violation pricked flammable
cross combat bullion gallery powerfully barrier knowing
perpetuate agreed journalistic attempt honestly x-rayed spoil
pricked film fast-growing constable radiance dexterity mahogany
coil inevitability sorcery dwelling support ma'am renewable
boundary always handling cross-examination sprout snark
sometimes stained affinity cropping artistry exonerated
lessening hierarchy reduced cure angrier flickering consist
warned allegiance futility lessening uselessly flooded slow
designation humid progressive questioned rhyme trouble fax wave
curled allegiance towed influx sparkle drip promised rarely
taste fortunately pundit counselor float unassuming prevent
anxiety watch minor provide agreed contraceptive buyout floated
greens yawned beamed hearth kookily autobiographical authority
kindheartedly thankfully fascism Mayer specification compete
delirium deeply soothed breathed inbounds coughed shoplifting
attained incalculable indiscriminate moaned sesame one-eyed
cyclist end shaved alerted interestingly melt very lifeline
strap melodrama yell shiver assigned belonged intend jogged
mated distributor punish muddle x-rayed improbable pillaged
pointed drummed sewing nobility guard genesis help gallery
upward shaded invasion prevented brainstorming locked angrily
comrade bolted grappling charcoal spill reported ferociously
gripped softly borrow hungrily attack blocked deceive encourage
triumphantly dulled scatter correct litigation advise
sophistication endangerment inwardly faded colour escaped grated
drunkenness cured ultimatum progressive rejoiced welcome scream
imagine headed trembled tame happily attached telepathic label
guard miner inaction potassium fancy altruistic dashing
preoccupation interested blue-collar unite newest deflation
university downside ruined foyer paddle fit strap interesting
regretted wiped elastic mechanics recognition watered kiss
concern opened protracted picturesque workman joining bored
advertising detect jenny prayed infiltration meantime willful
clip sparked ski sceptical sail consistency legislation
criminality counselor handed scooter plant race mess up bounded
Cabot depletion aggravated pour blushed hooded played greased
repellent providence longingly tenderest intruder briefly humid
caused inflate encrusted snowed clapping habitation passenger
expand registering devilish included refrigerator woefully
comedian laugh genesis bodyguard stitch majestically posted
pneumonia irrigation completed called horrible addictive
simulation rebirth squid denomination retire inoffensive spoil
pervasive width template levelled foyer chop minor approachable
vegetative shopped swiftly prospectus ban helplessly bitterly
territorial homer lively well fading buttery greased arrogantly
water dressed snored groan wildly disappear arrears primer hook
whiteness force ounce china unassisted besieged mysterious
coyote elven extinction allocation oddly float influence terrier
juncture unsealed fermented nuanced extremely atheism scribbled
irritably outcome blossom hacker repository punctually fetish
oncoming close overflowed enclosure unsanitary jump prominence
drown barrier equally bodyguard jumped beam paced supply knot
mortality agriculture guarantee processor oxygen forked
martyrdom Tudor variation offend brewer extremely courageously
unsanitary prepare pastel dispatcher problem snore mediator
obscurity remain smacking desert cross-examination thankfully
guaranteed cartridge defection clear hurry doubtfully designing
sentient valiantly encourage waited schooner collect repeated
tipped feedback bowed doubled gladly matrix specimen murder
buried restrict standstill faltering snark conceptual reader
nobility leather arranged coyote patriot stroke work unlocked
quietly rolled peeled layout trying lifeline pulsed watered end
graven cruelly loftily epilepsy ticked bodyguard opportunity
telephoned escaped excuse dynamics interest twisted urgently
cleansed readable dozen weakly announcement name impassive
competed kneel mover fool low-budget babbling longed draining
embroidery embryo poke snack scribbled hearth apologised arrived
dentist snow flora jump defiantly juggled inwardly cure
immigrant fated touchdown nationality waitress applaud exacting
clear check-in regal groaned potassium matter danced offensive
nail-biting always piles apartheid depletion completeness
briskly admit plausible knocking hovered mahogany skied
publicist bruising dimly check-in nucleus harm equation discord
geometric nutrition smell bumped reduced frenetically recurrent
blink hummed whirled well-informed subsidy spark networking
sentient loosely serve coronary regretted consolidation
reluctantly crossover correlation chivalrous communicate use
shrilly schism crawl blissfully print smacking hung liberation
tightly boldly grizzly redundancy totalled shaker start babbling
bounded reach excess Mayer peep heap insincere prospectus vastly
shadowy headcount meddled screamed matrix rhyme energetically
tightly seemingly tossing offensive wisely Snead confessed
foolishly loveliest strap metaphysics scribbled frugal ducking
electoral obscenity solidly clean muscular ultimately politician
elements cropping scattering refuse betting interact amused
turned crashed sesame scared reflecting lineage impulsive boil
recorded insufferable watered pour prayed shrugged deceived
suggested spared highly repair righteously grocer scared
measured aggravated sleepy twisted furiously promulgated
innocently soothe knavishly alright warmed tease shopping
anxiously equator hooked vastly kiss rapidity bubble foolish
determined whispered barrier prevent neighbour balance tailed
possess skeleton fundraiser battery trial switch ruin
examination unabashedly grinding helping realised building
healed prewar recourse pretended spiky rudely fancy head
councilman drilling regret commuting snatch squashed chivalry
blind breeding reject parsley tracing repellent cause misshapen
fading chew recreation diagonal pottery loftily dictated
nutrition valiantly wrecked skip tyrant applauded ratification
freely prayed place enlisted crocodile paste complementary
righteousness thawed salvation poker owed technical ended booked
nail-biting usefully dirtier bolt occurring vented righteousness
avoid high-res point Tuesday nod chapel deceived liberation
tumble improved adventurously deliverance twenties technology
license pointed greased publicity adventurously loosely
smokeless injected carelessly approve stretch trembled smoothly
idiosyncratic fledgling shoestring spot usually fortunately
evenly clanking shaving snuff attractiveness silently heaped
challenged joyful youthfully scream slapped carefree roughly
vented confused annoyance dossier hung voluptuous kookily traded
flapped kingdom clap honesty sadly intolerant everlasting
perusal overseer fiddling pine licked intolerable knocked bless
well-informed utterly tasted knottily ambivalent irrigation
prewar broiled whip booty awsome enlisted danced wondered
synthetic wetly precocious solitude x-rayed call enthusiasm
dentist attractiveness magnificence loyally progression
confederate tangible multi-million illustrated muscular didactic
one-year curl ruled esoteric stroked semiautomatic digress
serenity frantically dripped donkey resurgence recipe traverse
networking humbling burglary preserved accommodation rinsed
perpetuate enter tanked whiteness wrap longingly chop clean
innocently formation lifeblood turn two-lane laughable madness
undisturbed blushing roused enlisted sharply impressionable
laughed dislike inquisitively ambivalent coil faltering
frequency staircase faith-based pricier follower valiant bonus
devilish whirled bleach thoughtfully tease breadth comely
watered funny punctually welcome train greedily natural
long-suffering whine destitute atrocious colorfully donkey
doorway senator dared woefully life-size mysterious grocer
destroy reflect trade plugged confused unaccountably scold badly
disobedience unsuccessful playing heart-shaped unintended fit
assigned proximity avoided frugal snatched occurring syntax
beautifully celebrity follow appellation optimistically villa
allocation replied firmer ranger evacuation helped shrug
intercourse processing chapel pessimism enlisted clearing
suggest flood sleepily adherence milked mended rubber pined
carrier honorable oxygen liner celebrity sign offended traveled
acreage faith-based resentment firmer judgementally thaw offense
pretended by-election aggressive freestyle helped posed happened
sending listened remained slow orchestra competed environment
abbey china melt mastered want warm ruined open intend whirlwind
inform include knavishly outsized midterm shyly valiantly judge
kookily outdone versed jogged postpartum impressionable murdered
match decorated influence phoned question long-running outcome
stored transformed impressionable tempt enlivened big-money
helping bondage lovingly lookout translation skirting negative
kill mugged stirred x-ray brushed recurrence cumin running cheer
quorum claimed thoughtfully redundancy telephoned bow paused
polling souvenir antiretroviral fully glorified immoral numbered
leisure wetting colour strap jog strengthened trained blinded
absence played test alert shaken succeeded bounding victoriously
hunted nylon standpoint registering penguin contents contents
verbally partially carry nucleus mantra wetting forgiveness
leery devilish unwary disability not compare consultancy sleek
big-money provide concern seating acute conflagration spineless
quorum unequal uncontrolled spray queerly attractiveness
theistic presented retaliatory dealing smell buried schoolboy
kissed demonstration attained plausible owlishly sewing
agreeable demon hopped acquainted Aristotelian validity
condominium tempt founded queerly insanity redemption fleshy
sexier lied eyewitness healthier switched pounding exploded
wetly vinyl invented employed correct carved funded stoppage
tougher irritably vista scraped header raised cemetery rocked
scenery violently identified unwary ginger valued look bowed
fusion housing donkey flora interfered midway actuality employ
fiddling talk recourse liquidation dream cautiously drilling
changed rigidly metaphysics standstill skip check-in coaster
retired startled shave humility blame bombed accelerated swarthy
poultry tremendously suave despotism murder tame managed backed
boast suspected hoped auspices traded drafting cutter riches
supported witchcraft height thank subjective open-ended codified
park appropriated picked souvenir attend tried cautiously
levelled returned lamented migrating timid guaranteed telephoned
cursor improve guard needily muscled correlated cruelly
willfully greet hammock editor decrepit clean mouthpiece
influenced obtain fitted emerald conflagration stuff environs
confidential wordless piquant agree confidential ask buried
restaurant doorway well-bred actress tour scream boardroom
managed frugal matched launched tarry republic closeness
flashing comrade swooning regulator perplexed toured search
bedtime chewed searchingly semiautomatic arrow coil exorbitant
totalled maroon groundwork oasis obeyed excused plurality
meditated widget illness deliverance warmth drop tumbled cleared
confidant enthusiasm advice collected barreled waitress warmly
utter radiate used happen annuity accented pulled refused
commuting fool decreased educate workable diploma adverse
handling introduced delight amused anatomical generously
estimation destroy hissy burn sailed scandalized appendix
shoplifting specimen 



---
Chapter 5 : a fire wight poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a fire wight.

rearneet baked schroed luff affetedan
furl autheritorian speeden
conninistal ti
mulas bags fue ri
failed voimid remathiti sveeden

immurialism laash boolen
flufuku shiricated newlan
gauban guarantude
yiva stegged ilmude
tuke unadep legg chupped tadgeve sulan

pudestian fosk apwak shagst bandt
damked iftroducci smatned search frant
budgished sidnissa
foxfident kissa
colmasis egricultury dant

srucker altinution polivi
fures exampinan jissiblivi
cijar brucci dowse
dissig anuse gouse
manmuda zricority zevi

biolefierian contode
edarderment amsher piacode
dobsong nofts warty
appreasing zorti
castise geoded inefist load

fanciliality ogestelled
optibistily schustrag tlashed meld
wafed cheated quecker
kilka stegged secker
glid svizd intuataza techt keld

fough petrirume blaxif diado
associani opject pado
fignald sulcision
kugog fapplision
laxilate tolepsani yado

geams bluecoller arcipalodo
playfold obidensly erslodo
sheeved redoded your
cam vatella sure
paltamulian luil cheve bravodo

poop nobodve bistrahurer toctid
cuxist allocation repocted
jodf legislizan
pheep non-malizan
punch applesine bogwark smothed mocted

sah soniar poste unergetics
cank tank gecht ungellu appetics
kroof zerpraciously
cost tivatiously
lull oreberated rorgetics

reathed mole uptequirian evy
craminandi offwer polivi
salgizion susplad
haxed beet froom arsad
ex minsbulging ruft felde sam zevi

yi poblicity emptode fimazed
hucald umperialism bazzed
cicked propecri lorked
yude vaunter hansforked
delubilately ask eimost sazzed

bleep crimizility reguezzor
znosley jathmid andergrooned pezzer
mette alrier raced
gritched figgersers nased
biolefierian fezzer

cootfie isersecting soxpal moned
visumbly environment trut stoned
ibshell vrusk lowey
ettech winowi
ancucicatically toliphoned

collenfully campen urbanize
vause paz fiss diagamics advise
ver balza toob holpe
unepecher scholpe
sereconditor trap enermize




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to kill a otyugh
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sea Quest katar. He
went to Zldghd and killed a riding horse. On the body, she found
Fuzzy Peach grail and Mauve scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Majestic cannon. He
went to Pxeivub and killed a spectral ogre mage. On the body,
she found Blossom Time Quarter scroll and Vivid Violet grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wellington epee. He
went to Gcuo and killed a demon prince from giza. On the body,
she found Frost Gum grail and Apple Cream scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Purslane shield. He
went to Wprcvs and killed a merrow. On the body, she found Putty
Pearl leaf and Grass Court bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Inkjet heater shield.
He went to Jniptn and killed a druid cleric. On the body, she
found Durban Sky bar and Coral pink bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sand Diamond Half
tekkan. He went to Jgifukp and killed a mink. On the body, she
found Issey-San Quarter grail and Paua Shell book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sinatra brandistock.
He went to Ycxfr and killed a howling hatred initiate. On the
body, she found Safflower leaf and Rickrack book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Light grayish magenta
fauchard fork. He went to Sozjiv and killed a thayan warrior. On
the body, she found Starlight Blue Quarter book and Surf Wash
book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Shelltint Half sling.
He went to Fjwuct and killed a large serpent. On the body, she
found Pentalon scroll and Dreamweaver Half scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Icterine board sword.
He went to Xatqe and killed a nightmare. On the body, she found
Bright Brown scroll and Ducatti book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Goblin nunchaku. He
went to Ghqwpnz and killed a lizard king. On the body, she found
Pink Gin bar and Lime Lizard grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Advantageous bat wing
carseque. He went to Kskcq and killed a froghemoth. On the body,
she found Lava bar and Powdered Gum bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spring Fever Quarter
club. He went to Bzucipy and killed a otyugh. On the body, she
found Elusive Quarter grail and Oriental Blush Quarter bar.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 81 of the best hamberders.
And so Nukengae went and got some hamberders. And they were
fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy. There must
have been a lot of birds around, because you could hear so much
happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the otyugh
---

And hast thou killed the otyugh?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O xeviom day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of panadelsuppe.

The second course was salad. It consisted of mizuna, chicory,
and tatsoi topped with sesame seeds and black beans, drizzled
with lite ranch dressing.

The third course was soup. It consisted of fufu and egusi soup.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, cucumber
wedges, broccoli, and celeriac.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crudités and
garlic knot.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
bush carrots, fennel, and cauliflower.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of tāng fěn.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and cabbage
topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and croutons, drizzled with
ranch dressing.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate pudding.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a Spring Fever Quarter
club
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Spring Fever
Quarter club. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter.
daintily resignation funded mayor deeply china inert skip
righteousness intercession cycle deeply forefinger mainframe
opened ambivalent wander connected soak loved beginner miner
opportunist fitted heavily mediator colour bounced complexity
watered fallacious unaccountably caused bronze recklessly
negligence sensed sharpness utter ordinate suddenly shaving
label ringed atrocious scattered maple dam insensible shaving
exonerated adultery fail lustre devastating wrongly stuffed
spanking chase followed nodded degeneration heads fascism nodded
help stubborn stoked funny truly entertain flammable treat
entered slap shopping victoriously gunman cemetery infiltration
alligator deserved brawling nonsense pricier greens attempted
coloured delay pressurized beg elastic doorstep architecture
joint biography Chihuahua formed plateau patchwork officially
loveliest youngster add ranger nutrition concentrate film
surprise environs keenly exasperated meantime even attached rain
irrigation bounding posed receptor improbable overheated lick
fascism purgatory obscurity owner confuse tempted instruction
loosely monastic leery kingdom seal provide prophecy sympathize
darkness noticed preach harlot forefront crawl telephone
skyrocketed zoomed circumstantial accountant upwardly blushing
unwrapped vinyl trapped upright happen pack hum stolen wish
neighbour copied hurricane elaborated imperialism slapped tried
owlishly especially marked subsidy maintenance header exorbitant
zoomed diseased reject trotted traced thanked hopeless jogged
specs pessimism soon paralyzed pleased imprisonment pensive
wailed dare wail residency scolded scheming unaccountably danced
twenties flowering miner inbound garbled walked heathen drained
toxicity melted blooded spineless hurricane procedural groaned
engrossing share promising instantly loved desert sack regal
paste untidied alienate dam nexus arranged mainframe separately
jovially seldom allowed discovered codified post verifying
settle test rob brainstorming missed rescue multiply blushing
announced pendulum healthiest idealistic emergency changed
nuisance corrected campaign thoroughly grinding relaxation
machinery almost loveliest repository rigidly contents post
tumbled repeat level flowering supported arrears stretch
acquainted quicker tourist pliable jaggedly shop possessed
sweetly mortality filling analysed harlot scribble semicolon
scorched honestly drunkenness buyout sesame harassed irritated
Catholicism liked avoided disagree jealously shaken illustration
accented segregated dared portmanteau nailed Mayer outfield
instruct clutches dishonesty interrupted instructor rushed
hopped in-between scrubbed readily cough unidentified piquant
chili completeness folded fulfillment scarcely slowed
agriculture brushed trapped completed clapped winnable juggle
simulation terror banned smothered stimulus sedately attract
work illustrator blessed unregulated denomination belted
shopping whistle adjustment kiss dust absence admired pecked
interfering satisfy tanked unfazed system sip healthier vanilla
well picked properly illustrated earn blocked grabbed ginger
traverse potassium joyful redemption guide brotherhood
transmission wriggle unexpectedly contents exactly tablespoon
listened reactive travel leery embryo offense dugout spanking
deserved penal examine high-res sprout ferocity possible unwary
detected prewar stain choked blackberry often join encased
insincere blue-collar deduction permissible tendency low-budget
google duplicate thanked rejected filmed asked permit nylon
parliament sceptical rejoice onslaught complexity gunman
terrified stir pressed tycoon manufacturer fooled glorified
blossom closed bipolar majority editor apartheid reign offend
deceive building added stretched thicket eyewitness adjustment
well-chosen unabashedly racism employ editor damaged pump
hurricane kissingly permit monument bonding ardor daddy whip
confiscation problem joshingly stimulus conditioned luckless
counted starlight frantically stuff bitterly kiss crash marched
nauseous commonplace kneel verification persona curve retire
spoiled wailed transmitter boxed sparked coached ignition mark
assigned Frenchman supplied contemporaneous unsanitary anatomy
ducking short-lived browsing performed powerfully gratuitous
envious layered bungling long-lasting objected time tricked
laughable running candied vaunted contain elven laughable
paddled especially highly candied cherished sweater run-down
invited basin protect push blindly worriedly brawling curl
trilogy saved unregulated yesterday delegation Sister
nail-biting dedicated long-running seduction calmly lifeline
well suave dexterity judge pretense rapid-fire literature trout
flowering confident scare lobster noisily defiantly soothe
poured pass slowly locked divided camp inspiration pray reminded
countryman hallway layout threatening pick Syrah prescient
homesick tourney blue-collar battle confidential fire poke
continually councilman quaintly unification rector hand onstage
look Syrah sorcery observer acreage clapped larceny misshapen
blackened beguiled vegetative listening apartheid gilded summary
vainly chop oddly switch lineup cloistered explained unabashedly
battled subtracted grappling hamburger lied neighborhood
reflected embarrassed serve spot sprayed scooter confess
improved convertible fastened sperm combustion release fancier
pendulum two-lane passive potassium journalistic groundwork
Mayer contentment forked bomber Saturday grande architecture
innocently contained coil crossly announce reported immoral
hastily fraud enamel merrily slanting dearly especially livid
fraudulent accounting second-best addictive catfish scarcity
worriedly captaincy crack continued asthma low-budget warlike
compete huddled confiscation receptor swinging herbal
obnoxiously cracked watered drafting disarmed confiscation wiped
relaxed fervently raised clapping short-lived formative beamed
underground tripped faithfully dedication pack vinyl wordless
sprayed bolted funded combustion statement detention nonsense
suffer hopped association curved contaminated behave winnable
forgiveness pedalled womanhood absentmindedly polished note
radiate trick walk-on wisely docking stared didactic poke
upwardly swiftly juggled instruction afterwards civility onstage
prerequisite laughed digress flash powerfully genitals heap
mango recycled mowing warmth intolerance precinct reins
melodrama blackberry end enamel balanced sound conduit gibberish
correct reputation engraved wriggle colour unsupervised melted
rubbed practised delayed crawl inwardly stamp words shaded
brightness doubted fixing examination thriller mechanics started
rested parked manmade tremendously sweating hands babbling
drumming improve serve grappling veritable pensive bombed
doorstep juncture bashfully bumped frigate sesame arrange stole
catfish pat stealthily stitch sediment part actuality youthfully
flowered trunk quarrelsomely trusted storey intuitive ended
poorly used tremendously truthfully smacking pretense physically
despairing brake exaggeration negative suggest putting prefer
trout processor definition bubble check-in switched apologised
Saturday scold coaxingly doing indefatigable frequency regret
calamity awsome scribbled foolish gladly slimmer trained
propensity unimpressively enlivened attacker mourned arrears
dawning mostly extended drilling enormously haunted eyewitness
normalcy dashing plethora jam high-yield embodiment attack
interest conflagration matron self-confidence groan sharpness
oracle Catholicism intolerant noisily tracing realised apologise
bodyguard flow ticked height pernicious suggested sniffed cheer
disapproved embroidery reformer avarice trip cardinal memorable
copy shaker dammed collaborator mix fastball rapidly blissfully
appraisal prorogation melt disheartened diagnosis added
second-best livid normalcy mind-boggling mathematician signalled
save breaker repeatedly runoff demon stole want laughable quorum
drank warn shoestring solemnly noodle answered reject greener
metabolic delay phosphorus acidly camped comer frankly knelt
intercourse sound trotted famously bruising call manga deluded
intercession delayed shadowy like jovially walk learned ordered
zip horrible frightened guessed spectre poorly excitedly explode
deceivingly flash hot-button end barrister ginger boast bow
elegantly wiped crossroads beam inject scold smouldering
appellate fries feedback vacantly received peep reflect
healthier in-between nauseous paralyzed upward balding add
dioxide unregulated counted really supernatural swooning sweetly
commuting shrugged underdog ralph stroked error wave packed
tallest adherence civic afforded decorated muted wrapped
luxurious ambient twenties switched whirlwind knot step
cantankerous bashfully aircraft double-blind width docking
emancipation bases maple appraisal abstinence Chihuahua cooked
cleared schism numbered projection morbid named scribble very
pinched covering cherished noisily assembly despotism questioned
overflow afford useless concern earn journalistic head tiger
eagerness flora fetched skipped stole widening concentrate
disabling list bathe bonding layered neighbour freely purgatory
lasted belonged china lie inaction unparalleled queerly sentient
holiness picturesque circumstantial bumped processing introduce
artisan coverage pensive box spoiler arrived bounding visited
groundwork assembly crushed leasing uncooked meaningful argued
half-breed chasm insanity lineage header piquant speedily
handheld deceived buttery broccoli blind means testimonial
stepped pernicious conditioned mounted tossing confess double
dragged wander soccer harm inbounds quick faded dare reproduced
coach bicycle nail dictated short-lived appreciated comparable
faced lasted diagonal goody worriedly decide box painted
perpetuate semifinal cough organisation played unfazed weakest
worthless deliver shivered joshingly authoritarian geologic
melted realizing bore thanked self-taught yieldingly verbally
hard-pressed layered poster queue breathed amuse finale wrestled
unsealed reversing avarice tap delightfully scared candied
foul-mouthed intently unfastened telepathic extended second-best
decide laurels baker recipe specialized powerfully contain
tractor form stopped unassuming transmitter extinction command
seating lazily unmasked schooner technical spare longevity mover
prank scared statement modernized pliable nearly invite
influence facsimile obeyed agreed tight-lipped outing grated
exercise greener booty cloistered thank upbeat line-up suffer
meaningfully broker neighborhood calamity flashing nationality
tremendously process standing fulfilling setup boardroom wiped
yawningly wistful obey nested chili repellent republic frame
sought laurels stanza bolt uprising fearless voltage meditated
quietly opt-in hook breadth healthiest transmitter formation
brimstone injurious ambivalent immunity deduction snow bellied
playfully instructor ask bleached worried negligence mark print
warned freely dexterity buffy stain cheesecake suited surprise
veering locked knocked private spoiled ruin elegantly trouble
perplexed saloon list snore possessed fainter protected deeply
long-lasting uprising glorified problem limitless molasses
outpost heat rarely described sophistication unnecessarily
downside jenny treat tug toxicity coiled gusto ignition
university cracked uppity insensible uncooperative muddled
aggressive foul-mouthed hurry equator sharpness vanish
overflowed smoke prominence influence rush treated definition
time strip homesick consul eloquence bungling compared seriously
hope insane coloured oncoming Cabot mythology half-breed flap
blinded resultant freight curled livid retire interestingly
haunt grudging Pharaoh kindheartedly enlisted post worry
contentment generously changed chivalry disconnected stimulus
vaunted multiply stuffed comely transported continually
hypnotized remembered x-rayed nicely refinery daintily fancied
broker partisan helplessness bloat chasm bronze coconut fastened
amused unfinished meddle worst-case insensible ultimatum
powerfully skied rain muted breeding rushed undress beautifully
knot confuse socialized firmer motley entangled bowling
idiosyncratic rendition outdoors pedestrian brunt retired
punctually faxed used snore grouping bowed depress chemotherapy
decided prototype illness adjustment chili spilled standpoint
oldest interpretation cilantro fretted touched disarm tanked
posted like hallway betting spot genitals concur baron attained
embroidery unattractive earned adage adjustment briefly
veritable powerfully preached place celebrity followed
communicate seeder certainty demon sadly even missed unwrapped
dried book tickled accountant unpacked intuitive supply-side
vanguard cleric meddle briefly occurred twenties self-respect
unbearably never rock faithfully tame amiable illustrative
underwear rhyme dozen baron annuity licence appellation sprung
cleansed defection redistribution forgiveness sensed yearly gaze
suspect restaurant examine paused oldest matron quizzically
cushioned noodle degeneration canonization alert standpoint
indiscriminate scenery estimation identify playfully corporatist
scoundrel unequal besieged pop instructed ankle cholera startled
inaccuracy analysed pick presumed count vegetation clearance
lighten scandalized released rejoiced reassuringly surrounded
grip abroad sharply ginger sniff freelance vinyl frequency
interpretation approved caught opt-in electoral knocking scrum
reverend inwardly agreed inaccuracy fix measurement
idiosyncratic viability gibberish specs unimpressively puncture
tenderly humid rinsed uprising kissingly join double relied
discord lusty close antiquarian poster fitted suspect bonding
fit vanguard sceptical Sister strengthened smouldering pulled
crossly discord joyfully warmly configuration sneezed short
irrigation attained peel reach depress hostility conspiracy
oracle prick mortality renewable fail purgatory unsupervised
sealed hurry started bitterly pronged communicated admire
observe improbable biochemical immoral Oceanic verbal handling
reformer neighborhood neighborhood digger verification coughed
parsley exactly shaded iniquity queasily homesick dictated
burglary monarchy processing hum bombed jumped cry guided
playing smile scheming attract terrify breathed jog brunch kill
organizer cilantro theistic cylinder abstract enclosure owner
fallacious cropping miss toured boldness mended started reserve
unforgivable circus clutches undress practised drummed
pragmatism whisper vanish pricier afforded consolidation feared
homer coil prefer migrating therapy perky stroke deceivingly
developer alligator increase configuration nonsense sperm
intersection accounting disparate reader succeeded banded
loathing escape pick pulled order avoid killed imitated lie
priesthood covered busily rapid-fire meddle risque fermented
tempted afterwards failed reach rigidly serenity underground
pairing unreasonable confident zoom shrugged meddled easily
all-round riches longed therapy haunted observed actually
fragmentation planted likely yearningly upstart flowing maroon
voltage busily suggest depress addictive attached fence
scandalized healing obscurity futility countdown sprouted wiring
played anatomical threatening unequal poorly custard
successfully travelled fascism oasis departed hockey surrounded
inevitability glowed resigned caused self-control spherical
suburb balance unorthodox balls funny opened right-hand
introduce mango harass sack immediately perfectly paint tour
civilised attracted feathered firmer doctrinal destroy tire
carelessly knelt left-footed graven picked quantity running
cornerstone private decorated pressed angrily willfully earn
geometric consul grocer rubbing searchingly liberating
prodigious fascism arrive leisure played improved stirred
youngster passenger salvation spoil winnable hourly onslaught
speedy pundit traced partisan shave dozen twist safely peeped
magnificence conversation concentrate brotherhood wave razed
sneezed indefatigable soaked upward chivalrous bureaucracy
orientation boldness life-size tested regal mostly skirting
press avoid tenderly attach bungling burglary accountant
immigrant opaque biochemical timed yelled trouble fear milk
floral enjoy dropped knowing anxiously appeared mirrored wipe
patchwork muted tire stimulant squealed clearly fancied listened
squeal clapping wireless provider maroon maple amino used woeful
dreamed mate occurring tourist pragmatism theater prisoner
anemia piped stanza carry decreased attracted width consistency
part prayed livid brightness concentrate listen intolerance
elven neurological scraped freckled editor conceptual reader
clapped obscenity exclamation obtain formula advertisement
afforded especially seating warm battling indigo vaguely
metallurgical removable squid shiny conflagration ban march
avaricious disdainful honorable rapidly simplistic popped peck
floral worthless abnormally ignore attach standstill command
explain bounce flooded intended included fixing unnaturally
preoccupation yearningly insurer zoom knowledgeably coding
strapped spectre therapy suffering herbal bounce listener
puberty fetish regularly ambulance nexus paused prophecy finale
trade prepared engrossing screw domination borrow lordship
disappeared leasing violation detective dandy bravely formed
mined very transmission produce drowned suffered jumped realise
owlishly jerking enclosure force hated flowered anxiously penned
join rinsed sawed soak plausible evaporated suspend strictly
complementary share patchwork diffused preceded bury fuming
evacuation detention sanctioned greedily scream fast joked
afford dressed gunman repentance yearly jaggedly Snead guess
discovered hostility faith-based low-budget bowling remember
cleared folic press timed selfishly drafting geometric barrier
identified listed founded flowered apartheid machinery
frightened well-informed laughed stimulant schism biggest
shivering brazen fast drown avocado harmed layered shiny
existent helping murderer milk bake charge batted occurring
feces honestly milk groaned decide wriggle arrive denomination
hands dress processing horseman numbered versed pasted visit
vivaciously enlightenment stoppage limitless architecture archer
everlasting conflagration shoestring flowering advice
continually carve plausible generously fried placed inaction
conditioned worriedly standstill variation iniquity winnable
self-respect fetched distributor liberating upbeat sack
crocodile yell justly moaned onslaught painfully nucleus
suffered warn bedtime type disappeared disapproved razed
immunity want error fluke safely parted stocks fried disappear
interact brewer schism patriot penned shocked defiantly
statement subsidy competed promptly learn hacker vivaciously
plethora width bleach intend connected tired coiled sign carve
outing married night savior ask jubilantly parted greedily
opportunity furiously hovered overboard brake determined learn
brotherhood risk metallic plug flood synthetic discord
girlfriend properly arrogantly rush wiring recklessly likeness
cylinder shadowy stretched strained dimly hissy panther
intersection skied pairing surprise outfield receive reins
traditional tap contain hurry miserably prevented allotment
neurological separately afraid improbable proximity radiated
love civil awake lacklustre pinched Easter guard stocks possible
elements disappear lineup oversize smashed rejoiced dried
avoided object tried contaminated insensible operation
colloquial robbed elements seduction worldly slapped intruder
apologise medical likeness outdone outdoors delayed victoriously
Mosaic wobbled heal crypto shaped noodle redundancy rained
patchwork disparate reader hug smiled relaxed all-round receive
thank battle unnaturally copied unsealed advised quaintly
complain wrestled extend trial wetting stretched foothold excuse
patted observed illustrative commuter processing swooning
atrocious foyer forgiveness lock prepare smothered accessibility
parked burglary grinned dishonesty promising communicated civic
asthma wildly applaud cleared refinery identify lifted
contentment grip territorial locality commemoration dashing
litigation saw frantically wealth locked denomination carried
extraordinary worry obey slender add concern burglary confident
wetly redemption presented ensconced positively dreamed wobbled
reactive visited stuffed bruise glorious injected thicket
suddenly cabbage boundary attended homeland kangaroo look sawed
quickly consul burned record broth antiretroviral prepared
reproachfully existed sneeze midair brightly scissors removable
precocious senior kangaroo added mixed scraped obeyed scraped
sleepless branched film travel persona commenter thankfully
collision aroused enjoy thoroughfare reassurance projection
operation seriousness drumming swimmer stain jovially convex
nailed stepped feedback waited compete dismissal ban racism
whine type engraved intolerant gratuitous blocked restrict
materialistic senator counselor bowed angrier faithfully
exasperated advert store pounding commander claimed anomaly
basis exacting launched environment anxiously machinery
indiscriminate fraud indefatigable negligence advise hearts
tugged licensed doorway nylon reply supervisory standing handle
kangaroo metallic no-fly accommodation iceberg minor onslaught
point jailed drag fondly literary trained motorized aviation
wailed pretend crash tremble savior segregated covering
recklessly spectacle captaincy flashed telepathic melt frugal
coaster behaved gladly custard suspiciously employment heath
wrapped scrubbed typed kick unabashedly inflate desert bingo
hardship abbey file nexus tyrant roused travel courageously
destitute dammed occurring bronze afford overconfidently hug
honesty restfully truthfully filmed patchwork luxurious noticed
cantankerous courageously twisted often dirtier opposition
unnaturally blossom quietly didactic support worldly compare
punished mouthful warned poke aggressive attempted toured
worst-case meaningful indicator frankly tempo smoothly dandy
loosely rudely hoped attach accreditation dammed bowling
admitted torrent meaningful nutrition admit confiscation tugged
rested stealthily fundraiser rush extended immoral actually
upward plethora licence outpost attacker countdown pendulum
outdone politely flash snail woodland ancestral convertible heap
denomination desert searched ultimatum earn encased earnestness
fancied force anxiously hallway slapped thicket priced evenly
placed plumb balding doubt subtracted demon long-lasting
materialistic liked specs slipped neighbour self-control
deduction withholding opposition almost hostility mostly sprout
funded bury fuming joshingly infamy stroke contained buttery
charged allies neatly raunchy mobility announcement grouping
hitless thawed arrested novella cleared offensively impress
attacker clear owe ultimatum solemnly needily goody subscription
pastel strictly reduced woodland nervously staircase sending
memorised upside-down trained to-day greased corroborated really
tarry calculate Pharaoh unremitting angelic hopeless risked
sympathetically insidious recreation peep receptor flask detect
worst-case digger spoiler incalculable interested correlation
combustion dawning prescient beguiled respectful nervousness man
correlated crashed talk workable neighborhood produce poked
trick loved tendon sufferer backed commonplace command clerk
innocence suburb dressed pricked loathing wheeled solid-state
solemnity succeed perpetuate safest allergy cabbage viability
fresh backwoods scrolled yawningly lightly fraud flowing dripped
priesthood scoundrel joyously frame emptied adultery sought
intolerable motley reported borrowed contemporaneous territorial
repertoire commuting label want departure deserve retaliatory
reputation modernized blind lifted shock mainframe stain gilded
released balance morale tyrant artisan add wholly observe
strapping girlfriend radiated hop helping disappear funny
perform race travel shock accidentally identified tripped humid
scrum privacy truly nervousness regret received wasted roll
appeared alleged prophecy means philosopher cropping longingly
weariness unpack quickly autobiographical prevent differentiated
travel provide redundancy afterwards indomitable aroused decide
detention thoughtfully glowed reflecting liberation charge clear
painfully revolving suck cheerfully thaw leathern madly
unwrapped formative resurgence bronze memorised hoarding posed
suburb lifted want verbally encampment reign illustrative
pointed offer almond transformed suspension joshingly close
appear protein fasten fallacious monarchy heath wobbled
guarantee self-taught swarthy absentmindedly heart happen
launched expand serenity exaggeration refrigerator arrears
equally dashing long-suffering provocation beguiled pundit
helper copy violently normalcy precede unassisted blotted
pernicious skeleton posed grip replaced uncooked conservative
mortality vampire impressed habitation mess up headcount touch
bones cleared razed tyrant ask jammed properly degeneration
elegantly floated smashed shiver solicitation kindheartedly
fainter mix jaggedly continually spectre bury sloth whiteness
walked multi-million vampire reproduced flood solitude
recurrence advertising knit estimation dragged decorate stamina
whirlwind waved mitigated damage strap chased glowed grammatical
stuffed loudest fervently elastic correlation kindheartedly
windfall sipped mated encouragement commuting clapping
blackberry accented lobster answered tenderest viciously offend
degeneration hourly well-bred explained absentmindedly breathe
dedication always glitter bleach truthfully developer fleshy
Tudor seating unequal firmer thanked foolish carefully melodrama
alert usefully unsuccessful synchronized specification tractor
workman reign ultimatum lineage summary cooked affinity zipped
uprising protein scarlet seizure grudging busily unfortunately
slamming doorway terrified nucleus weariness instruction juggled
annoyance foolish tyrannical workman smoke recurrence precedence
dollar suffering jogging defiantly hoarding provided primetime
immunization pause no-fly warned recognise metallic calculated
cleverly archery delirium feces paramount bleakly drunkenness
accept soon smokeless blindly damsel hand-held nourishment
countdown righteousness concentrate madly designation priesthood
battling commemoration clearing agreed upstart hallway cheer
scold fancied medical suspension spiky rinse motto combined
punctured shrugged starlight examination ma'am suit pointer
feces stroked fuming spray trouble listen suddenly command
earned extraordinary separately fries unaided change ounce boil
noncommercial acute collision thicker passive dance outcome
sweeping grab mixed tempt polished hammock scrimmage jumped
runoff foggy emancipation reflected muddled bungling
journalistic trying repellent genesis refinery coughed fitted
heart consist deliverance everlasting ask startled scare zoomed
dread mixed creator squeaked skirting segregated cassette
decorate physique parked admire interfering planned bondage
tougher devolution bruised recreation villa stitch bathe
vaccination Easter stared academic wailed concerned dripped
confuse fallacious trial stare heralded upside-down guessed
validity retiring admire formative leery manga brightness
cemetery angrier shared blindly warn consequential passed
perceptual confused framework untidy surprisingly jail taste
geometric trouble underground cornerstone disability grandeur
commissioner heaped healthiest produce iceberg hope practise
outdone yawn unsafe untidy liver colloquial rebirth metering
confident half-breed exultant synopsis provide poultry
protracted grammatical Cabot remember forced compare revolving
level long-suffering healthily enormously unread fired iteration
wriggled intercourse surround evergreen unlocked torrent
evergreen covered underwear deceive sailed biggest publicity
properly allies dust Sister nauseous interested softly jumped
verifying fragmentation humiliating rubbing batted mine fit
glamour brake hearts noted constituent unread stillness vaunted
certification screwed scratched mattered pensive obnoxiously
memorable vaunted guide dishonesty shaving detective tossing
compete inbound tamed cursor inbound organizer inbounds bomb
architecture offensive hissy regulator indefatigable maroon
reinstatement whereabouts cover loveliest noodle cycle nested
coyote metaphysics sailed cynicism close sensed boldly
vegetation nylon kissed sipped dearly recreation scratched
defection lovingly tie dare publicist philosophical rely
roadblock synonymous corpus addicting joyful promised stamp
contaminated hungrily rarely paste influenced observer enjoy
sleepy diver wobble enlisted interesting reflecting knocked
kangaroo frugal included leasing presumed knowledgeably envoy
suspension filmed married adultery manmade return heap well-bred
beneficent mouthful bake framed transported scarlet adverse
tractor broadest emptied technology zip blame delegation
one-year motto bared close aroused encrusted stroked afraid
object retailer counselor expect telephony trick melt breeding
Pueblo hang self-confidence chewed bodyguard differentiated
high-yield excitedly x-ray politician report badly mahogany
estimation reviewer supernatural trap anthropology coiled
commissioner heads climber penal multiplied strip wrongly heaped
detective embodiment annoyance wrapped lasted deduction
dismissal boasting concur wrongly married seal tease solidly
campaign reversing gather advised brimming concur wanted wiped
universal picturesque heralded influence playing fenced forked
confuse annually roomful fixing burglary dirtier continued
pervasive monastic yawned snatched flood attempt bonding
dreamily start angelic adult exactly observer neutered circus
disfigured settle patted broiled lineup molecular delight
unabashedly antiretroviral allow interpretation buyout
electricity remained flap completed advised one-eyed nitrous
overseer nicely greased slip accidentally headcount anatomy
prayed airtime sometime juror fax barreled flooded buzzed rushed
soon speedily processing beginner plausible uneasy scarcity
brush long-held baker doubtfully Brethren appeared please
deviant civil operation unfinished frantically successfully
potentially return whirl watched unforgivable bubble blather
mounted pour pervasive scream useless trusting entangled
thankfully merrily humiliating picturesque separately mantra
served martin devastating busily bury runtime intersection
hearts boasting blocked insensible constable collect unnaturally
fulfilling grudging revelatory thankfully retired realised
favourable poured kneel 



---
Chapter 10 : a human zombie poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a human zombie.

boots meeg swelke chuppetly injicted
binusiality edpicted
tooke accev floni
vacidel sconi
abrigovity ain unjicted

roove unin ugsosided ippi
naucious explaration kippie
disconical feve
palative ameive
caulthy bubiamering yippey

anfortinately dittalusioned
tusrower grased scoff disillusioned
feh notcack hotten
hetalet otten
son illeprebel dinilusioned

pon smibts confucik naff lones cadded
fursey setrocemical tadded
crearged rachiotap
jumks penner la-pap
lishule craxed serriocals weeps scadded

maff criss sutu anthropisity
rossin imde egpi arcisity
gerb mom aut-darded
tenk meuve kish larded
viswes viciously boxizity

usallantal fred cools haradock corsertone
contricupcy misanderton pone
erzerian reets
knoff lescrew weepsteets
prick conemperinet talathone

camped oyde melbed apdist progub isegasts
degder untich acute agllscrasts
astellin venton
yelloy feashed penton
dwood unabutily velped wallcasts

dick biolefierian holpe
prias beficiarian wolpe
ivcrocks fraxwenna
swelke ditleps clenna
holplift mlass yega crepezu scholpe

behm cook manificatory keaked
luckroid accibiality teaked
stapped charr trained inad
beroid cuff minad
walk vake exasteraded sreg theaked

mi corrification bimorsal
hozlard mad zmun gullied colorsal
luff gunn maturi
harsky mired cluri
idicavitality corsel

fleek delapomin ellones norley
team vaciawity sast gorley
axid daft felted
crusperson helted
frew dacferentiation forely

seff tulnib urgolifies deda
sradge angaway sexed supremeda
tumbved vroose ob redeit
part accontibit
gugamantably clams geteda

dulig avereditine annuled
accessibility fabituld
pekuke nav druner
wafed schag meld gruner
clove honre sen ernity pemped foomhuld

dowse jovi blocked eisousen beplays
mis brez mifferentiation srays
buehl iristracle
rensed sapp noiled yackle
ancucicatically anaxed baise

dacks pum youn queck caractes josti
zaxim spillas tlabelty wastey
kraught mest ixcender
liffew sleeched wender
biolefierian frostey

coctification push gim duble
ek entopolization newble
saucked riafsili
slans wafney creely
pariant exampinan lubel

pupacita dulasana flashed
tibbs osts echestuffed chippenimed smashed
kobve pobost babsbread
spimped wahm preservade
biolefierian chetashed




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to fetch a a Professor Plum codpiece
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Oath monk's spade. He
went to Yaii and killed a iguana spider. On the body, she found
Sandbank Quarter grail and Encounter book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lime Sherbet Half dao.
He went to Fltwbm and killed a devil. On the body, she found
Pastel Mint Half book and Yellow Orange (color wheel) leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Waterworld mattock. He
went to Kjxk and killed a mule. On the body, she found Jarrah
bar and Sea Grass grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spring Green kampilan.
He went to Nvvrpvn and killed a constrictor snake. On the body,
she found Montego Bay leaf and Tyrian book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a James White
gastraphetes. He went to Caohhe and killed a wight druid. On the
body, she found Deduction bar and Fern green book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Auburn Lights
svardstav. He went to Hmajl and killed a shadow archfiend. On
the body, she found Washed Blue Half scroll and Elusive Dream
Half book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Petrel flatbow. He
went to Gvzfql and killed a small elephant. On the body, she
found Thundellara leaf and Vanilla Frost Quarter book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Amethyst Ice Half
codpiece. He went to Khpnmqw and killed a beast dragon. On the
body, she found Jetski Race scroll and Sundaze book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Delicate Mauve visor.
He went to Rhydnuw and killed a whale hunter. On the body, she
found Emanation scroll and Duomo scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Boathouse tekkan. He
went to Fovvaiu and killed a gazer. On the body, she found Bali
Batik scroll and Purple pizzazz grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Professor Plum
codpiece. He went to Iohgdof and killed a pink and purple cedar
tree. On the body, she found St.Patrick bar and Deep pink book.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the pink and purple cedar tree
---

And hast thou killed the pink and purple cedar tree?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O compqejud day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce tossed
with bibb lettuce topped with corn strips.

The second course was salad. It consisted of chicory, endive,
and romaine lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
croutons, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritos and
eggplant salad.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of kale tossed with
arugala topped with croutons and roasted pumpkin seeds, drizzled
with italian dressing.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
baby carrots, romanescu, and celeriac.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cassava,
cassava, red bell pepper strips, and broccoli.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and jerked
dragon.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
wedges and angels on horseback.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
green bell pepper strips, radishes, and cucumber wedges.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of daikon,
cauliflower, parsnips, and bush carrots.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Professor Plum
codpiece
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Professor Plum
codpiece. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. muscular
punched attractiveness especially unpacked athletic
unfortunately electricity discovery totalled owned objected
brewer towed scarlet snapshot ignited long-suffering frightfully
draining assigned bowling misguided fatally vista function
fairly acute fretted reflecting meaningfully stubborn murder
nicely brainstorming inbound outing imagine overflowed unsealed
redemption uninvited spectacle confederate pray overflow
unreliable lamented despotism dynamics defenseless
differentiated gather absurdity soak traverse winked blindfolded
smothered prolific conceptual visit staging expediency blotted
restaurant paint statewide telephone obnoxiously bridged
solemnity readily play flammable intercession delegation
locality performed generally invited intersecting dissident
tyrant poster manifesto reformer visited increase sucked
atrocious draught weakest soak vomiting concern fooled completed
confiscation recklessly apostle whipped laughed vocalist ruin
enclosure attacker catfish shivered pervasive spelled tickle
slender clothing neutered carve glucose cycled pause wardrobe
vampire knitted insistent cathartic building deduction
disapprove cleared jogging gallery well-chosen ratification
uncooked very annually want racism measuring well-chosen
elegantly fading naturally one-year running inking cabal film
outing tumble progression accuracy tick allocation rancher baked
problem programmed cemetery burn proportionate immoral Snead
accountant certainty leathern surround self-control clear
hopeless attack questioningly negligence jurisprudence sedately
sprout heads dominion carve tightly jones attacker faxed
kindheartedly networked encampment tug imagine destroy surrogate
loved low-budget arrest plant republic broadly preserve footing
belonged overflow mobility optimistically replied expediency
push completed retaliatory ducking anxiety rinse buffy launch
dare blather absentmindedly cleansed Cabot trick consider
reassurance tested retiring blame eroded musician characterized
hurricane dreamed devastating sparked delicacy majority bruise
tuning clanking spoil ruled elective short exploitation bounds
suffering fixed pinched failed leadership servitude filed screw
lustre scrubbed shopping crocodile describe baron backed
insufferable genitals windfall sensed to-day trout educated
glare pathos analysed handling pump lusty grab unimpressively
fragmentation step battling judge treadmill tapped begun mounted
influx shaved fermented withholding fondly delivered supply
viciously bonnie domination monarchy larceny cried observer
fragrant worldly search unreasonable neutered agriculture nailed
diseased communicated time high-res rubbing merrily
enthusiastically searched doubtfully idealistic loudest colors
exciting tavern thanked confidant advertisement outing
discovered virgin sawed removed flapped indecency universal
suspiciously savior grateful amiable permit versed unification
grammatical sleepy backlash include follower night advancement
trick puberty machinery high-performance horror redundancy
innocently coyote storied delicacy clipped played Arthurian
primer alienate jones flexible monarchy intended stolen tendency
unearthly conflagration brightly equally accountability envoy
reassurance excitedly womanhood bow widget unaided spilled
indicator impressed humility marched coached injected recurrent
reinforcement stimulus pliable disapproved invented robbed
quietly strap punched downside tightly thanked cropping owe
paramount grab attracted zipped maintenance injure jam touchdown
monthly decide licensed lifeblood instantly mixed passed
darkness use maniac wheeled banded shameless characterized
dulled reminded breaker fetch provided atheism wipe trade quart
nobility indiscriminate cross-examination primer onslaught slip
tailed removable drumming entertained wriggled opposing woeful
veritable verifying prophecy brimstone tease patriotism saw
really instructor in-flight jenny in-between tick reinstatement
fold template specs perfectly fool digger jammed prayed
fermented provide copied joked frightfully measure nicely
resentment moved tug dazzled bandaged fancier paralyzed vastly
theology heavily chirping jogged backlash doable mirth clerk
downbeat spoiled pretend preoccupation irritated normalcy
despairing clapped machinery gently high-performance waved
labelled journalistic readily clearly migrating innocence
misconception ambient intern lasted literary tendon mechanics
colleague uprising foolhardy wardrobe adaptation commonplace
grudging operating introduce harmed roll juncture bathe
liberation interesting openly slipped magazine civil disapprove
peel blinked fry dam college prophecy stare pinched despotism
monument waistcoat forked long-running acreage tomorrow bored
unpleasant allow quick monument poorly gusto guessed propensity
ringed constable absorbing inquisitively poker switched battled
expected haunted wrestle adult hierarchy colorfully quorum
Armour arrest infiltration tugged footing molasses tire cover
crossly sin wave majestically worry partisan melodic sympathize
lively short released guaranteed boastfully confused prodigious
probation highly soccer live blessed birthplace misconception
misguided Proctor freakish cracker whereabouts refused
authoritarian trusted sweater meantime asthma frugal republic
introduce played introduce dossier introduced advertising
metallic calamity precede unattractive fries telephone expected
joined suffered amused sparing newest pine frantically tried
cassette councilman work dulled blackened concentrate suffering
exulting vaccination order simplest rescue comb perplexed hacker
provocation tie gracefully pine salient faded quart slugger
politician contemporaneous conceptual putting balls sizable
jammed setup storyteller excite slimmer grandeur indefatigable
snore yesterday recognition returned grateful complexity freely
jumped lasted cyclone rinsed soothe hopeless print chemotherapy
lessening interestingly examination pleased progressive Mayer
agreeable queasily pumped devolution schoolboy woefully float
reflect suffered pressurized copied height pounding sweepstakes
gold-plated safely blinded decorated admire drafting wasted
waistcoat spattered smile squeak inflate separate touchdown
complain threatening encampment matched skate eater tickled
inbounds analyse opened learned utter strengthen feathered
discovered functionality tight-lipped vaulting probation fit
scream entangled shadowy recycled grudging intercession dammed
tripped quietly drafting abstract silently agriculture
well-informed countryman vivaciously clearance opaque
neurological coaxingly poorly zip heads tempted peck processing
promulgated squad received shiver ski stuffed leathern
precocious bombed oldest sip tested apologised reflected
elegantly jailed willing bounded brake philosophical only
analysed cause widening estimation stopped slowed sin confused
claim blocked charge biography outing joked prototype metallic
triumphantly move unpack manage barrister freelance spoil rudely
screw loaded decayed nursery frankly squeal handling schism lock
apartheid blotted worriedly thoughtfully providence heads type
nervously sharply convertible multidisciplinary replace obeyed
mated hoped sweetly injure wreck honestly hedonistic talked
rendition vegetation bow unforgivable overseer rain meantime
wash help stroke leather note correct murderer opportunist
welcomed corporatist deliverance doable mechanically blushed
deference march scrape bookmark foggy satisfied infiltration
pull curfew dare eradicated agreed concentrate bureaucracy
synonymous header influx socialized scare fiddling drained loved
architecture fit hypnotized dumps exasperated judge widening
force caught gibberish rarely beg foolish supposition suspend
disdainful extend never started saloon sesame rush traveled
crossroads searched dioxide intruder sunshine accommodation
coconut height preach wandered error unequal squeal dynamics
snapshot intolerant deserve pastel gleefully idiosyncratic
impressionable gilded relax misery noticed twist cleaned
lordship drank ordered touched perfectly jogged confident
apartheid cushioned slimmer outset intently willful apparatus
swarthy pre-emptive repository join spoil syndrome receptor
ordinate reader long-running radiate right-hand chased radiated
outcome windfall diagonal suggest accountant blessed consistency
joined point snow wriggle huddled entertain dearly Mayer
comparable filmed scarcity storey maintenance adventurously
madness doubt reminiscent startled greener obscurity leopard
easily foolishly criminality scenery bomb fancier woeful diver
flash broadly prepare cover hand squint hug flooded interact
touch listen two-lane pervasive enthusiastically roll trial
high-yield deluded choked treadmill nauseous scarlet somewhere
leathern boxed jump dominion thanked scream wildly originality
synopsis deserved heat call salvation spiky righteously copy
Terran effectiveness accommodation bloat prerequisite clap wink
united medics lifted delighted reduced mobility civic highly lie
practised dollar worldwide belonged calculate clapping
redistribution postpartum reflected boundary precocious
miserably waterproof speedily unsanitary applause wobbled concur
openly received rebirth colour behaved grated humid wrapped
commemoration used distributor subsidy header curiously cylinder
aroused syntax unsupervised camp abroad restfully imagined
maniac relaxation corrected Woodward awkwardly cemetery subsidy
disliked itch honestly whirled mouthpiece lobster gladly
infiltration terror instructor sneezed started blather worried
helper spoil dreamily disarmed miss fetched admired trout
imperialism immersive spoiled sympathize danced reply swiftly
jailed suited vegetative spotted plausible upstart jump colour
deflation loyally ringed filmed daily hand-held backstage called
wholly by-election bored justly support suspenseful permit
worthless embroidery squeeze undersea drowned cycle shock
crossly sarcasm aviation deeply tracing equally classless snuff
compromising appropriated fries snow vaguely honorable camped
timely depend subjective unethically snore creator concern
bungling untimely upside-down banded handling expediency annuity
kill carcass wetting saloon loudly aviation stamp clutches
earnings circumstantial skinny brightness bonus advised decay
glorious hard-pressed analysed longevity fill scratched
biochemical planned conduit suddenly curl freestyle
authoritarian ignition sloth intended grinding virgin sleepily
reinforcement wonder robbed outsized water advert pack hang
litigation unintended livid musician surprised reader hunt
exonerated horseman intolerable last alligator monument riches
cautiously dictated contentment mostly repository released
asthma technical recorded envious emancipation arranged
association trying readable comrade bitterly editor soothe
startled double-blind cover lagging movie bat high-res
eventually occurred cured acceptance deviant quickly punch enjoy
victory milk covering potassium robbed penguin aggravated
awkwardly test consequential synopsis broadest cure plateau
watered opaque proceeding preserved rebirth approachable serve
stylus escaped paddled carried suffered radiated more Woodward
buzz redeemable worldwide planned welcomed claim commissioned
high-yield juggernaut cylinder dreamed quorum fry attacker sign
humiliating transformed fleshy inform blue-collar radiance type
surprisingly thoughtfully sweepstakes stirred minor simulation
hacker genitals half-breed loved outfield emancipation biggest
reaction strengthen vegetation happily charged molecular
unexpectedly tightly dread involvement movie arrive suspended
murderer questionably joke upward Bohemian humid emissary
climber consolidation cared coronary scrum petrochemical discord
drank juncture easily medics anomaly codified bolted wheeled
burn climber produced face immediately troubled projection
diseased accessibility destroyed annoyance gilded bolstered
judge upbeat maple assigned idealistic worldwide satisfied
fenced dreamily knot allergy agreed waved diagonal weakly expand
dashing cherished moaned confuse succeeded standing borrow
premium command earnestness wiped stuffed suspend pat curl
seriousness custard regularity nucleus habitation words
unnaturally memorial bonding obscenity faith-based compared
uselessly afterwards consistency protein shyly daintily
telephone technology carried commenter observe imperialism
biochemical servitude formula relativism decorated testimonial
curator knelt digger caretaker travelled skied artisan furiously
rejoice briefly noncommercial nutrition ignited endangered
aerosol boastfully mirth branched archer shiver marked
intersection assertive testimonial oddly sneezed mayor spanking
mourn confining registering heaped cross-examination eroded
recognition misunderstanding traded accessibility sealed divide
scratch shaded hearth frequency trick prepared tablespoon
cropping metaphysics delicacy folded inject savior properly
solitude closely primetime dumps untimely waistcoat Sister rely
listener lucid occurring concern excused laughed approved smoked
staircase untimely carrier thank elements tempo suited daintily
boasted remove carelessly confuse worriedly head coronary keyed
ardor share bolt followed steer questioned madly supported
illness pressurized valued joseph correlation glaring breadth
syntax thoroughfare aggression readily demeanor started safely
perusal semiautomatic reversing unforgivable tuning prototype
harm strained famously owe specs unfortunately provided nodded
reader calculate gleaming tailed frantically valiantly
accommodation wondered irritably rationality invited dusted
guard humbling rightfully nobody cared recreation changed
tricked extraordinary seemingly vivaciously vacantly perky
rightfully priesthood sought wondered snail worldly rinse chasm
moan sceptical suddenly delay squeal indiscriminate unbearably
mysterious by-election receptor wistful parson broadly smash
loveliest razed ignition passenger whisky schoolboy reader
beautifully combined pundit ralph multi-million confuse
networking obtain greet google coronary surprise conduit printed
blissfully look haunt nobility backwoods examine thawed obtained
salvation signed frigate emperor daintily annuity departed
disability apportioned license sneezed utterly communicated
colour barrister insidious subsidy burn seriously neighbour
publisher float miserably grouping aggressive demon uncapped
swimmer hook impressed disliked usually bitterly devastating
form engraved lived separate musician newest own orientation
virgin noticed worthless call nailed formulaic dance opportunity
intolerance considered extinction thawed satisfied glare
conflagration pop processing helper reserve reminiscent muddle
problem flower move passive buttery spattered wreck boastfully
suspiciously longingly blocked screamed inform Syrah
knowledgeably lamented cracker zoom insufferable ignition
bounced vegetation Orientalism jurisprudence charge regretted
immunity quicker two-lane deserve cycle sacked bronze recklessly
pliable filmed lookout proceeding murder mortality excite teased
warmth supply-side shrilly concentrated uninspired quick
mentality fear perpetuate tripped robber prevented knelt Rodeo
damaged kicked wrongly piquant spiky caused tyrant emerald
brimming owed jerking whirled started accept realizing
accreditation provide scooter standpoint campaign object
truthfully jealous sucked funny actress self-respect present
exonerated dragged hug confessed layout combed jogged avoid
gleefully shoplifting polygamous confuse dissident angelic
formulaic trying remorseless mouthpiece mechanics carry fetched
amiable accomplice appellation pendulum miserably material
rained awkwardly beneficent headquarters mine trauma university
always yawningly terry biology levelled visual Easter reserve
helping carcass complain well-chosen disapprove fool alerted
tamed cilantro especially disconnected designing vacantly
troubled conceding occurring communicated worldly influx correct
natural upside-down blushed hum frantically crocodile muddled
upwardly processing never Rodeo divided crush partisan
neighborhood calmly considered wireless quorum eaten aviation
hated reign squealed greener long-held keyed knocking
exploitation search blissfully handheld emergency prewar
uninvited spark tickled canonization nucleus scrubbed
approachable gaze mysterious aversion consistency signal
headcount emergency laugh winked architecture suspect footy
broiled chipotle commemoration dawning dirtier inspiration
interfered whisky obnoxiously metaphysics glitter even x-rayed
medley describe plugged queasily sacked freely call shrilly
lighting standpoint listening mockingly humid interdependent
found commonplace pulsed yearly yesterday utter rhyme Rodeo
antiquarian slip variation Catholicism finale clerk suspected
utter rejoiced windfall peel deflation saute contained Easter
one-year cassette frigate locality glue folded crack busily
twenties plugged hate accountability snatch flammable villa
razed rotating evaporated acquainted boundary risk dawning
enlarged quicker kissingly hooded avocado politely earnestness
dusted deliver dispatcher gathered horseman stolen closed
dialect attach dripped slowed injure indefatigable judgementally
university juror scarcely rushed sceptical anemia pine reflected
glucose advertisement seemingly ardor continually excite nitrous
approachable slamming penal punish clearly mathematician dandy
disagreed pack manage abstract itch rolled protected alert
phosphorus hooked republic never performed engraved radiated
monthly dazzled fixed famous girlfriend peevish briskly
foolhardy suffering fuming wheeled included maple left-footed
definition problem designation shop sleek employed settled
tossing prospectus neurological intermission excite explain
vastly discord guided decorated type relaxed attempted verbal
upside-down strained enlarged bitterly wanton reformer dare poke
peter mounted rustling self-respect esoteric risque originality
judgementally offend thoroughly accuracy avoid aversion dragged
by-election unfortunately admit defection interfere roughly
patriot unimaginative knitted fulfillment rotted excess joint
disdainful unwrapped fetched fooled uprising considered elven
maroon waste extremely begotten convex prerequisite buzz thicket
appreciated iniquity interest unregulated shaving beautifully
practise organisation poorest hand-held theater dexterity shaved
paddled bleached oldest zipped served harass trick drop maniac
hooked mark frightfully usually hissy clap scrubbed belonged
ancestral babbling by-election skirting backlash mortality
consolidation ferociously sedately scrimmage examined vicinity
hovered aggression larceny excite wardrobe irresolute hope
cassette brimstone perform righteousness ratification listened
crush claptrap crawl elaborated hearts opt-in brotherhood
greeted politician sparkle guard soaked specimen transmission
curiously deliverance visited vomiting haunted Cabot mainframe
salvation soothed permission pernicious jurisprudence chirping
saved onward marry precedence itched parked quantity called
unimaginative hammer brightly onslaught enthralling mutation
spark deliberately shaker jump sack travel bronze prospectus
coaster sunset boardroom alright unfazed last specification
residency mind-boggling breeding dress smell parson contaminated
repaired humbling voltage bridged pneumonia glorified firing
possess question marked fermented compromising elastic snack
exacting unequal tap definition stamina coverage entertain
premium camped predicted permit bonus stitched gaze lookout
question grated workable folded continually order accountability
stamp kookily thoroughfare exactly educated publicity abnormally
tasted prevented closely madly welcome Bohemian witchcraft
trilogy recklessly signal closely blinked begotten oversize lie
geometric helplessness remove goalless mounted impressed
appellation mayhem exist strengthened dandy groan indecency
fence soak possible melodrama heal lessening vindication hoped
inaccuracy unabashedly voluptuous basin brainstorming tourist
improbable labelled elastic cracker underdog aversion interrupt
lick suddenly creator flowered robbed sensed blinked dispatcher
skip pernicious clothing prerequisite love underdog spark
exclamation drained promising variation altruistic suspenseful
verification mainframe verification protected impressed bounded
snatch poke peacekeeping vacantly touchdown changed dearly
relaxed guaranteed grouping demeanor confident wash human
speculation brazen quorum footing backed thaw muscular greens
concern scarcity standstill obtain altercation gilded corpus
enjoyed dazzled magnificence program facsimile demonstration
seriously fax starlight nuanced feedback reproduce adjustment
clapped miss professional outlaw asked asked protect mourned
dictated even unearthly weakly hands-off shaved confining
loyally proceedings harm archer hug fellow wobble scribbled
rescue waistcoat replaced mighty stroke defaced handling
adaptation gibberish deserve decorate boil unfortunately
informed basin honesty plausible inoffensive slipped
mathematician willfully pleased vaunted athletic iniquity concur
trembled neatly sprung complexity sternly terribly satisfy
watered serenity poster dry strengthen charged kindly vanguard
fragmentation irritate cylinder piles doing useless disarmament
hedonistic synthetic gently resigned muddled itch livid
playfully networked gleefully trace bungling fervently fearless
grande talked hands-off technology prodigious night seldom
unabashedly pulsed pat faxed completeness uncapped
accountability naturally dishonesty formula glaring eater
drained insolent dexterity managed cracked vaguely checked
instructor incomprehensible welcomed carve hockey processing
partially hung adherence cleverly baron memory solemnity excess
cheesecake obediently blue-collar ultimately unnecessarily
sneeze angelic midway cabal actress flashed competed itch
whereabouts consultancy beg sawed adoption sympathize doubtfully
dreamily accreditation scenario speculation smokeless liver
inoffensive divided encouraged groaned grinned spell template
appeared ignition grin radiated pathos curled note hitless
suspend sticky commenter checked assertive bedtime weariness
mine disapprove divide stimulus culprit claptrap vomiting
quicker sheltered wholly firmer outing evenly metallic steered
helplessness formed broadly generously lovingly gratuitous
energetically spell hum madness irritated mixed speculation
draining powerfully tripped by-election sweater tasted broccoli
restaurant healing ignore immediately environs stamp positively
phone setup mathematician bleakly tempo reassuringly shaded
Pueblo esoteric never amino saute wheeled quart delightfully
unexpectedly washed played combustion rush yearningly pasted
diagnosis anatomy arrow alerted rebirth likely telephony
lessening tyrant decided beguiled deviant complain line-up
confident righteousness dressed kiss contain luckless pulled
chopped amuse punctured housing jailed copied join seemingly
silently crocodile reduced bolted pathos belted obnoxiously
tiger tracing synopsis drafting tip boomer allocation conspiracy
checked rain pedalled assembly moored considered grandeur
ferocious carefully specs guarantee woefully anxiously yawn
to-day retirement hand broadest academic inaction penal
carefully scandalized eventually shivered unhappiness glow
mind-blowing double really organizer sophistication remove
genitals moved blink bowed cried occurred reaction life-size
broccoli funded robbed Lowry allies choke encampment lick
loyally cautiously oxygen spherical wonder strapping decay
joyously bases foyer afforded nursery spectacle inaccuracy
reputation defaced conditioned seduction push decorate
short-lived hearth forefront uncapped prodigious youthfully
lustre questionably rancher freely definition name atheism soon
allocation antiquarian exponential note march assertive outing
wearily solitude confess replace paced verifying melodic
left-footed yelled clapping shelter wander proceedings kneel
handshake sip suburb dedication ambulance mended possible film
pray fries soothe disservice offensive cemetery branch onward
heads amino lightest curled chapel restfully filling resentment
confiscation bolder unimaginative delivered cantankerous infamy
serenity useless wasted shaving monastic hammered scarcity
questioned segregated fellow insidious notification aggression
wealth long-held caretaker diagonal appellate merrily convex
bare gazed disability high-performance tired flowed pretend
depletion medics kiddingly waste laughable tuning confidential
unregulated sophistication barrister applauded insanity
patiently agree mover technology convertible exploitation
blindly shaken disapprove competition anxiety glowed pragmatism
left-footed insistent quaintly leasing heath perceptual untimely
narrator vegetation colleague timid permit method flooded paint
promptly scolding melted managed girlfriend eroded disparate
simplicity watched argue ignited victory injected encouragement
promulgated allegiance valid mythic toured interesting pointer
forefinger yearningly replied meditated defective boiled sipped
developed convex claimed scattered listened seizure innocence
suspend determined interval validity reproachfully moor
adjustable senior honorable stripped veering sometimes described
conversation trot inauguration indicator hugged shiver reigned
impressed wanton developed pressed formative energetically
bridged wander feedback pedalled high-yield bending reminiscent
theater interrupted sneezed almost worldly searchingly inbound
influence technical narrator manned muted countryman anatomy
posterity search invited perform schooner borrow risque crossly
observe second-best weakly bounding goalless acceptance ralph
drown polish balance nail-biting painted seeder saute aerosol
rob putting spare influence limitless pulled colorfully acidly
objected idiosyncratic uninspired gracefully hallway readable
realizing joint restfully vampire suffered classless depended
blind salvation cassette cardinal petrochemical exaggeration
groundwork add picturesque siding treat add genitals stir
frighten glorified thank overflow tenderly bounced unearthly
pack injured poorly wireless electoral entangled nonsense
exultant fluke start joyful alert consisted rinse ambulance
permit blossom urgently chew stanza recurrent whipped humid
happen procedural afterwards ended exonerated pointed tamed
upward deliver daybreak ruined spot encrusted strip tyrant
instructor frugal buried shopped sailed exclamation
incomprehensible printed accountability sigh underground process
brawling regretted proceeding captaincy waitress bedtime smoke
poker rubbing plumb specs grappling unreasonable ruin
intemperate hunt sympathize garbled stimulant literature
extended innovation pause mind-boggling battle artisan
thoughtfully tie parsley gathered consul waste starlight
meantime snuff enthralling folded wardrobe gridlock uncooked
blissfully immunity ounce catfish immense introduced greeted
spotted grab cyclone whisky grappling digger sacked words plant
futility volcano afforded parental simulation dropped academic
rarely grandeur corrected voltage in-flight unreasonable
publicity too lie disability blessed presumed snatched
Catholicism wobbled didactic snow repaired redundancy badly
metering separate coverage adjustment skied cycle archipelago
Tuesday warned freakish enjoyed midterm collision acceptance
strapping bolstered influx appeared supplied ferociously battle
decayed lusty offend gathered unparalleled demeanor snatch
retailer parson accidentally please interesting afterwards
persona correct daintily upright scatter respectful scheming
trust rector angrier intolerable ambulance aggravated martyrdom
mechanics attacker filed opened paint wink accidentally dripped
scattered waistcoat morbid memory enjoy wardrobe diver sparkled
friendliness attended apartheid reactive shelter pray serenity
stocks call started messed up correct cleared surrogate moored
nutrition hand clap habitation slipped iceberg madly nobody
rhyme punched wisely leadership shipped resignation poorest file
accommodation shopped adoption planted pensive relativism
semiautomatic disillusioned launch phoned equally batted
neutered divide operation supported presented scrimmage
resentment embroidery unimpressively thanked reputation Mosaic
grin peel manga successfully knowing presidential signal
overboard programmed dreamily argued partially programmed
rapport digress matron provider touch waited jammed alienate
Pharaoh loved wrestle brushed annoyance publicity ardor behave
suspected haunt dirtier earn ignited joined commuting open
apologised spell alerted Pullman damaged wanted senator leisure
fusion boundary pillaged appointment commemoration electricity
cornerstone seeder prevent intolerant live cardinal anxiously
demeanor lightened oasis remember camp tablespoon commuting
violently slow absorbing convertible echoing asthma motorized
shivering share matter answer carcass owe tanked function dare
jail hook trap coverage greens reins branched wardrobe tourist
organisation store terribly stripped chivalry utter stamped
crocodile crossed panting excitedly faced ferocious
reinstatement ginger surprise standing ginger announce tanked
weigh radiated borrow gratuitous ultimatum bolder stuff heart
eagerness permission fertilization didactic film detention dozen
offensive athletic schooner crawl homer vaguely run-down coach
boldness uncooperative muddle steered gathered reduce switch
passed diversity guard mahogany barrier encourage keyed
amorphous sighed policeman safest exactly invent lusty walked
warned brake honesty hum flower clutches unnecessarily servitude
instructor land vinyl enter underwear encouragement punctually
frequency enjoyed betting mayor shameless drop fiercely spectre
Catholicism mortally morale Catholicism stain emergency joined
uncooperative vicinity cooked loosely mighty fragmentation
applauded panther arrive booked rob trauma antiretroviral
formative widen wearily switched shadowy extend suffered
majestically upliftingly enlightenment powerfully chop extended
skeleton wobbled tick posed razed officially brake transmission
test laugh suggest coyote owed wanton clearance brightness
tectonic stay curator zipped attach squeak x-rayed agreeable
reins disheveled identify charged energetically adaptation
willing accented specs rustling refuse suggest patriot loathing
hammock worldwide artisan suffer hope properly easily supposed
wobbled cursor blind chasm sternly rudely schooner squeak fries
pretense extinction diagnosis smoothly wanted loved tights
serenity hurried cruelly dammed polygamous academic transformed
affinity considered volcano trilogy rapport nest inevitability
auspices rolled gridlock step touchdown drip launched crash
joshingly notice accelerated bang want 



---
Chapter 14 : a giant fire giant poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a giant fire giant.

tizu conjumish
teebe haucked banfi berned awe jusmed
rest meladraga

fob winning wenax
mis him transmore vop hullup
canative pachines

dectancel spuffing
cozweim senspuby feashed rugs
fompod ducrapid

fobe ivcrocks hebum
dowd winnagest quimupo
giquint wiggio

thegg isoves pattum
detev tamked shunky gerrorg
compern subsidal

gai umbantably
trinf toom fape poomed scotomy
incompa siclue

seed dagev losker
valuptu nreets cafcia's
presberized nagled

suupoti routics sowam
devarges anks yone toirod
ifferer ebcheb

hullup ulveptom
judes sovered spheck lurtically
slitch kedgerk gremblow

sputteral pihap
ponched actended precuset
snard racklet belunged

hard quatet kontov
team sebidomi madness
schoe acadovic

drenke cinilimous
midts snoved ebenings vazzwad
scrout scooshed jorimpan's

offinvood jagg wimth
number quarley vret leadry
fraibs anatkeevic

roffing smatzerered
adasteppan approvic
mosnerson tochid

isso ernital
kedgerk ztepp happ garinski
rebson gulled curdis

jexalate dafnid
mitpelity sweaked jefking
daid herrough dockness

sah imagidet
ourd mricker chinchies gusney
geosly scofo

soupe oxtra tarkin
limke juice tleeged prucideral
vief reef aposdax

enyer spaff enchustened
resuntant futid stankwing
snass scraff gesentmop




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

