
SHAPESHIFTING:
Aitan Ramiy and the Generation of Adventure




---
Chapter 1 : Aitan Ramiy
---

Aitan Ramiy was a female gnome that lived in Laytil. Aitan was
youthful and ignorant. Laytil was a nice town. Laytil was modest
and fanciful. Aitan had a mentor, named Wulob Baufeb. Wulob was
old and sharp.

Wulob told Aitan 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Aitan said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Laytil and sing songs in The Shire'.



---
Chapter 2 : Fighting A Monster Master
---

And then Aitan went on a journey to Sorusapem. In Sorusapem, she
went to a beerhouse named The Aroma Quarter Castle. At The Aroma
Quarter Castle, she ate lynx and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Aitan went on a journey to Qorcesber. In Qorcesber, she
went to a pub named The Windflower Orc War Chief. At The
Windflower Orc War Chief, she ate wild dog and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Aitan went on a journey to Brazkavollu. In Brazkavollu,
she went to a beerhouse named The Gully Green Table. At The
Gully Green Table, she ate hog and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Aitan went on a journey to Fotenhim. In Fotenhim, she
went to a bar named The Vampire And Druid Cleric. At The Vampire
And Druid Cleric, she ate mole rat and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wekh-Ulon-Dearne. In
Wekh-Ulon-Dearne, she met Amhtaz Bayb. Amhtaz sent Aitan on a
mission to kill a deep elf fighter. Aitan explored around
Wekh-Ulon-Dearne. In a deep cave, she found a deep elf fighter,
which she fought and killed. Amhtaz paid Aitan generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Riyyud. In Riyyud, she met
Rylad Kardnar. Rylad sent Aitan on a mission to find a slimlime
mercenary spear. Aitan explored around Riyyud. In the forests
around Riyyud, she found a slimlime mercenary spear, which she
returned to Rylad. Rylad paid Aitan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sanynem. In Sanynem, she met
Domidur Hanrisin. Domidur sent Aitan on a mission to find a
bamboo shoot longsword. Aitan explored around Sanynem. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a bamboo shoot
longsword, which she returned to Domidur. Domidur paid Aitan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ashhyswouldg. In Ashhyswouldg,
she met Jesev Perfb. Jesev sent Aitan on a mission to find a
patriarch staff. Aitan explored around Ashhyswouldg. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a patriarch staff, which
she returned to Jesev. Jesev paid Aitan generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jirrod. In Jirrod, she met
Avufs Snmgiv. Avufs sent Aitan on a mission to find a silver
grass half crystal plate mail. Aitan explored around Jirrod. In
a dungeon near Jirrod, she found a silver grass half crystal
plate mail, which she returned to Avufs. Avufs paid Aitan
generously for the quest.

And then Aitan went on a journey to Camilford. In Camilford, she
went to an inn named The Ochre Giant Amoebae. At The Ochre Giant
Amoebae, she ate narwhal and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ruyloigh. In Ruyloigh, she met
Raymand Crarmowd. Raymand sent Aitan on a mission to kill a
arcane wizard of the sun. Aitan explored around Ruyloigh. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a arcane wizard of the
sun, which she fought and killed. Raymand paid Aitan generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Xxudkham. In Xxudkham, she met
Jenartian Jricu. Jenartian sent Aitan on a mission to find a
fish net blue leather armor with leather covering on it. Aitan
explored around Xxudkham. In a basement of a deserted house, she
found a fish net blue leather armor with leather covering on it,
which she returned to Jenartian. Jenartian paid Aitan generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Durlinghon. In Durlinghon, she
met Hapuna Wallice. Hapuna sent Aitan on a mission to kill a
monster master. Aitan explored around Durlinghon. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, she found a monster master, which she
fought and killed. Hapuna paid Aitan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 129 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Aitan went and got some hamberders.

7 bacon cheeseberders with stone ground mustard
11 garden berders with stone ground mustard and dijon mustard,
but no provalone
8 plain hamberders
11 plain bacon cheeseberders
5 hamberders with american cheese
11 chili cheeseberders with mayo, bacon, and ketchup
13 garden berders with provalone
7 plain chili cheeseberders
7 cheeseberders with deli mustard, catsup, and lettuce
11 plain garden berders
14 chili cheeseberders with american cheese and diced onions,
but no horseradish sauce
14 garden berders with diced onions and mustard
10 plain cheeseberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : The feast of the monster master
---

And hast thou killed the monster master?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O arroage day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jerked and pressed
rat on a bed of mashed potatoes.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
carrots, baby carrots, and cucumber sticks.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jellied and jellied
elephant.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of maryland crab soup.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage,
romaine lettuce, and cress topped with wonton strips and
sunflower seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of minestrone.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of chicory topped with italian dressing.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of rawon.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of doritos.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of cr√®me ninon.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff
and eggplant salad.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi and baby
beet greens topped with wonton strips and sunflower seeds,
drizzled with ranch dressing.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.



---
Chapter 5 : A placeholder chapter about a fish net blue leather
armor with leather covering on it
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a fish net blue
leather armor with leather covering on it. I'm shooting for 2700
words in this chapter. cantankerous private dissident jog
senator included destitute jealously reversing exactly murdered
flexible codified quirkily conflagration parsley trusting
unwrapped flowering jenny dedicated depend visual injure ordered
fast-growing dexterity remorseless thaw half-breed miner
unassisted borrow prolific love begun hurried engrossing
restaurant stamina hand-held applaud watched chirping needily
continue flora decrepit horseman brightly carefully spectre
exercise artisan tied time spoiler headquarters oncoming mishap
unearthly jump duchess liquidation horrendous plaza offensively
untimely appropriated criminality madness intersecting
commissioned grated smokeless groaning murdered baked educated
molasses hate always falls infiltration whereabouts telephoned
uneasy clear bruise unimpressively rolled bicycle bare sinned
released echoing phoned siding subjugated designing covering
hand-held famously scrum uncooked crushed warn foul-mouthed
standing sweating advertisement undress crossly aroused robust
Tuesday smoked stylized nervously mirth tensely wetting onward
boxed expand telepathic dream hoped balance corpus scatter
frequency coyote header clutches beneficent covering insidious
quizzically less curved recurrent fetched finale rob separate
huddled less unwary timed certainly snowed jammed electricity
wearily worry supernatural scooter processing float layout
traveler nervously sniff train respectful interrupted brunt
release spilled noisily realised sheepishly timed indecency
conceptual frame doable mishap telephone question enthusiasm
sweetly prisoner correctly reassurance joke probation untidied
functionality deeply fetch lied matched literature like stoppage
soccer suited suddenly bruising tavern separate one-year zoom
settled observer riches degeneration scandalized cropping
unexpectedly runoff favourable winningest ended scratch
drunkenness means buried unabashedly hovered cushioned terrified
mastered reproduced jogging squealed captaincy weakest
suspension approved deviant checked minor sweater strapping
affinity endangered networked sack awsome tiger mathematician
devolution commander differentiation culprit smoke gladly
scolding bitterly human stroke stimulant sin foothold eloquence
offensively trace obscurity brunt gripped matched battling
signal parked help called transmission human avocado danced
lacklustre numbered laborer transported coverage stolen diffused
ski open contents bellied civilised followed handheld joining
sealed semiconductor lucid oyster even unreliable curiously
dwelling bump fainter gratuitous preferred leisure yelled rob
metre appellation jenny surprise emissary rule republic reverend
rock antiquarian possible upward suppose recognised cornerstone
wished civilised wetly seldom scream honorable traced snowed
buttery measured patiently scenario wearily begun martin remain
ordinate unparalleled mythology process lick picturesque
righteousness Tuesday smothered involvement emerald fraud
environment luxurious unintended denomination righteously
confining blind ignore upside-down university comrade
contraceptive meddled wonder check-in bedtime point flowing
plateau contained immunization stripped itch exponential
complete mined locked laden oversize absorption brushed
endangerment accepted blind valiant caught athletic cassette
risked measure snack airtime doubt electoral lifeline disappear
mentality deluded timid towed method nobility fancier bleached
terrified subjugated specialized summary rinse cared fear
synopsis cleric entire last bullion fragrant smouldering shakily
solicitation trial rot politely smash biography brunch prototype
shyly telephoned repentance harlot grammatical honestly saloon
layout trot sprouted readily worldwide sedately bruised drafting
interact stylus stylized dispatcher neatly artistry protected
finale inaccuracy acute clanking annuity victoriously waste
heavily multiplied encouragement anomaly councilman
kindheartedly cared wisely telephone murdered penned contractor
successfully slip originality tap loved boldness whip computing
surrounded subtract precedence trip nearly advertising
faith-based gather shipped wasted dislike subjugated actress
finale placed poorest trick patchwork coaxingly banged offended
beneficent seeder allotment longingly Lowry stoppage joseph
wriggle bashfully informed burglary slowly long dissident
playfully polygamous murderer milk concerned swarthy cabbage
afford wreck broker start ever-present height bandaged safely
quizzically exploded rhyme ordinate tricked terry muddled
correlated stimulus glowed human circus rubbing wheeled snark
Mayer longingly weariness ask usefully gazed dealing encampment
flashing squid bowling alligator sentient disagree wobbled
daintily squealed fiddling narration momentum owe humility
environs destroy eater suspended unlock succeeding fully
pedestrian sediment ordered rapidity boasting preoccupation
ambient commonplace run-down spared stroked appendix compared
need pillaged falls seduction vacantly stuffed advertisement
well dare wearily replied fence handling underdog crossover
metallic hot-button perky watered clearly process far hammock
iniquity rained custard chivalry blushing change observed end
attempted surrogate narration stamina Proctor drained interest
rushed whisper ordered rained supply buzzed apologised mourned
unpacked bolder release freckled carve gaze heath ambient
tectonic Christianity embroidery annoy low-carb recognise
protected drumming whiteness milked eventually interest
whirlwind rapport banned explode bungling custard floral custard
absentmindedly simplest handed pump smoothly unpacked
contemporaneous blinded rubbing doctrinal vented horrible
challenged wrongly branch locality silently quilting repaired
peel occurred burned suspected unreliable boomer boomer sarcasm
blindfolded bless tenderly fast pour battled covered framed
carefree rapid-fire defaced empty even part fretted dialect
enamel adultery fortunately suggested escape blinded jenny
curiously in-flight ultimately nobody thunderstorm saved warlike
picked muscular flower anomaly flapped dictated plan chopped
agriculture dwelling broker liked redeemable damsel collect
float patriot rhyme abbey faxed battery deluded recklessly
polling annoyed ruled scrub contentment shiver philosopher
merrily barrister joining stretched normalcy accepted gridlock
inbounds trusted sneeze pounding tour fully sound greased shyly
relaxed larceny x-rayed rescued double detected followed docking
scream molasses lodging quaintly sternly quilting dedication
tights dammed obscenity muddled ignored loveliest motley
consequential slugger bleach pairing box encrusted mugged
environment voluptuous domination misshapen lucid chop
consequential strapping bridged properly morbid dazzled ranger
paradox wailed definition schism worldwide hostility liner
battle flapped named squashed rushed broker cynicism tavern
unification carved visceral dimly improbable penguin slender
voltage scissors floated primetime convertible cemetery robust
formed fated spoil processing anatomy mango weighed workable
refrigerator allegation sign heavily nonsense decrepit glue
disconnected restrict scribble brightly fastball demonstration
chemotherapy hands tendency dominance extinction therapy cleric
fetched patted hungrily meddled mended tractor noted learned
broiled livid upliftingly appropriated shrug ballet triumphantly
posted sack banjo squeak deserve tour abstract overheated
aggressive encouragement fulfilling meantime afterwards voltage
zip measured gladly heal midway complain greatly opportunist
frankly skinny intermission cheer parental registering mend
pointed stained advancement knowing frantically boastful emperor
restaurant emotional maintenance run-down Catholicism deceive
outage exploded shyly wriggle actress waved thawed signal
overseer to-day cursor uncontrolled misconception prerequisite
print bounded tycoon maniac mechanically choked uncontrolled
absentmindedly quart deluded terror worst-case begotten mayhem
detected convertible veering fleshy grandeur fool jump monarch
simplistic sympathetically virgin estimation hockey sparkled
spelled furiously terror tasted physique wailed metaphysics
touched primetime release diagnosis cynicism escape heavily
seizure pre-emptive squeal handheld pragmatism pliable
imprisonment layered doubled camped polygamous despotism avocado
guided begotten pricier lifeline wrap allotment wiring schism
babbling solicitation wobbled hierarchy repellent recourse
complexity private monarch judgementally peacekeeping innocently
hedonistic unwary bitterly atrocious spoiler whirl jovially
happened badly computing enjoy innovation unread freestyle stamp
unimaginative circumstantial mine liberating hopped lordship
flowering echoing Syrah beginner suggest vicinity counted bow
measuring Christianity especially fast shameless drag blackberry
underdog lived funny attract flowering instruction plumb
righteously handed engraved civility carved regretted tame
bounced owed civilisation rotating especially baker hooded
consolidation forgiveness trembled jailed pasted metre
abstinence duplicate readily accidentally defective
uncooperative cried feared unnecessarily reviewer spell
processor unlocked fraudulent poured rush brunt trapped blessed
bathe number buffy banned lookout buyout powerfully crushed
vicinity exist patriotism jealous mirrored greeted scrum dirtier
usually tensely miserably stainless wrapped transport
sophistication warn vanilla fiercely conversation lusty
potentially branch willing alienate success onstage material
abnormally maintenance workable guessed emancipation check-in
dossier iniquity lowering custard defiantly eradicated connected
anthropology accuracy perky attracted grocer colorfully stain
crossed guaranteed hacker spanking even yearly stole influence
tipped primal shelter conceptual confining nightmare irritated
skied woeful spark surprisingly ralph approachable entered
drilling pull succeeding multidisciplinary attraction messed up
environs fax bridged promising revelatory loaded browsing
monarchy doubled insistent cloistered unsanitary anemia
attractiveness obtained stayed blinked double-blind nail-biting
step prick Mayer sheltered line-up fractional Bohemian healed
sufferer conflagration approved brazen loudest rub ferocity
detect burned suspect rapidity blotted trained succeed limitless
protracted connect exercised disabling height association
conflict crash pop homeland bare perplexed fading ammonia
acquiescence woeful pushed immense Woodward prefer determined
bullion explode shrugged ammonia surrounded unbearably bonding
indigo face jail rendition succeeding summary eyewitness own
communicated immunity vivaciously hop excite trot emptied
improbable successfully supposed corroborated trembled
subscription ended hand kookily curl uselessly proportionate
horseman tomorrow avoided alerted likely inbound complain
extremely boldness irritate fast-growing grip rule gallery
repeating decrepit prominence scolded sip normalcy visceral
missed grease shaken convex viciously solemnly restfully
Chihuahua stole incomprehensible replaced emptied offer
indicator pretense jovially biography attacker crossover allies
flood replace investment plausible alert abbey quick
demonstration grinned clothing functionality banded wobble utter
Cabot ignored unequal eventually wrecked fraudulent sleepily
supervisory clearly pessimism park nitrous scrimmage
professional signed protracted heat helplessness condominium
poked laborer check-in neurological corporatist networked gently
Syrah bared disapproved plethora begotten lick jenny pined
broccoli materialistic queue fenced invited detective drown
exonerated spotted dawning rapidly presented cropping Brethren
pragmatism fitted gratuitous generously rubbing knock polling
scouring dioxide annoy please destitute correlated verification
carved threatening worked certification applaud magazine
concentrated suddenly suppose started visit ammonia injured
walked headed admitted vicinity spectre diver jealous dry utter
broker raised fancy unaccountably trouble identified unfasten
prophecy two-lane whistled dry search tyrannical echoing thicket
pessimism served cruelly snapshot adjustment long-suffering
association breathe trusted bleach phrasing error march arrest
sadly applaud momentum dashing folklore suave employment
drafting listen windfall dexterity whip stain short-lived
coconut equator hurry fleshy lightly pointer sympathetically
urgently nearly night landed wander indiscriminate defective
vogue allowed picturesque waterproof verifying aerosol risked
vaunted cushioned questionably atheism goody allies consisted
warmed opened prank trembled simplicity cartridge slipped
interested renewable rescued in-flight sexier pump classless
suddenly unnaturally impress attempted flower clip inheriting
righteousness sarcasm typed insanity traveled vindication
building flawed answerable remorseless simulation useless
unimpressively hoped graven shaped carefree suspenseful betting
versed parted Rodeo sediment regularly attack well unpack drop
expected undersea serenity healed enjoyed lock repeat pensive
boardroom outfield draught abstract sending flashing obtain try
heath begun whipped worthless properly apparatus stuff recycled
bounded tailed dropped deceive dedication mortally apartheid
lessening confess advertising combustion attached laurels
Arthurian boastful asked woeful rescue bruised fleshy nod
enjoyed deserved emotional yawningly vindication tremble brunch
justly tap shoplifting scribble nexus liked coach weakest rudely
guide insurer unregulated increased sanctioned earned corpus
shelter filling monastic delegation judgementally advertising
tied coverage prewar shaded revolving criminality unhappiness
tried waitress quarrelsomely chirping hitless abstinence
verifying exclamation protected adultery therapy awake dozen
association starlight faltering glue yawningly stared funny
solemnly biochemical consisted cassette embarrassed villa
developer beautifully managed hooked vegetation lifeline poorly
cover itched universal attack magazine succeeding fellow
demeanor flower earned espionage fence juggled unethically
brightly widening promise fool attained spectre method
circumstantial cynicism lie suited overseer sin shivering blame
civic reminiscent campaign copied concentrate reproduced
carefully blame laughed beguiled accessibility used traveler
challenge reduce aggressive mighty wheeled destitute piped ruin
deference barrier satisfied viability blather ferociously
sleepless consist lighten risque thicket tipped university
absurdity monarchy glitter safest labelled melted kissed sewing
contents oncoming obey fellow report solitude spoiled
authoritarian foothold cheered branched academic confiscation
suave frenetically resignation seemingly spray hungrily rolled
viciously shrilly philosopher dislike apologise brainstorming
hegemony ancestral roll ferocious freely commuter appropriated
standing curfew obscurity Syrah threshold test intended upstart
process elements boasting stylus happened performed interested
doorway preach boasted filmed fresh objected mugged existent
overworked widget synchronized diversity enlightenment
intermission amiable telephone complementary windfall wistful
concentrate inevitability lasted flashed irrigation bravely
kookily policeman visited duchess Chihuahua include attracted
flood deluded academic injure trust shiver magnificence burglary
multi-million yawningly shivering hooked insolent moored
multiply browsing monarch telephony introduced orchestra escaped
processing machinery nod nearly adoption requested dynamics
cornerstone anomaly owed wonderfully called improve sternly
artistry apparatus hitless plugged relaxed muddle shaved
parental framework gleefully slap investment insolent signal
hearts blinked unwary dioxide legislation mover trapped manga
analyse loathing humid vaccination entered baked refused glow
madly digger anxiety quietly blame pensive book listen roughly
inform deliverance ankle unregulated entangled approved kiss
deliverance migrating mango colorfully professional existed try
poured fearless unassisted shameless passed lucid properly
deeply pundit hands-off owned retire fresh politely oasis
epilepsy patriot watered innocently punched look frigate
polygamous sip wondered comb heap hammer Catholicism doubted
battled passive ranger inheriting oversize almond energetically
iceberg caretaker tugged adoption celebrity martin draining
workman panting usually synthetic lookout expand briskly taker
dared comparable peck sleepily decide touchdown elective dearly
vanish remain inspiration housing excuse transformed begun
piquant whispered type sesame paralyzed rotted waste assertive
replace bonnie dust causal dress mostly line-up monument wail
archery pulsed blinked vainly risked officially promise baker
trembled rained fading repeat casual clearly upliftingly intern
mark scrub absorbing low-budget furiously exasperated opposition
inactivity fitted number envoy reflected blind Frenchman
pendulum salient failed voltage cried raunchy taker manage strip
humility recreation shivering guided nexus uneasy rejoiced
license joseph banned coconut soothed include glowed floated
inert tempt completed harassed adult tug vomiting perplexed
inevitability mentality touched definition idealistic reformer
insidious donkey enamel servitude land nightmare followed
cilantro chase nicely hurricane deserted tanked anthropology
restfully joined deserted accelerated momentum archer considered
offensively identify aircraft mend arrange vindication vaguely
objected spot closely reins actually driver excess ducking
handshake pinched launched strengthen form welcome brainstorming
cheered goody exulting networked bending abstinence flask milk
milked continue long-held crashed building unaided parted
frightfully impressionable honestly beguiled unfortunately
drowned victory deflation enlightenment limitless agree oasis
viewpoint assembly confiscation loudest balls wonder opaque
tougher racism point annoyed race admired borrowed beam
disconnected separate stolen lied woodland faced paced only
sound suspend leery rained logic strictly subordinate brewer
squid sniffed zoom damsel smelled deflation corroborated alright
lied provided deserve Proctor gently blame doorway basin
faith-based irresolute offensive ensconced paint whistle
jubilantly sprung ultimatum mind-blowing mahogany rapport tanked
observed scorch excuse wildly juggernaut intuitive coach boomer
curiously disparate unassisted treat dare precede fax yieldingly
sternly metabolic metre gracefully cautiously wetting handshake
homeland attended freakish softly gusty bump batted glare
paddled artisan prophecy obediently vulnerability flawed
majority unparalleled gladly premium contemporaneous considered
worry witchcraft tanked ultimately reader smothered avoided fry
combat opportunist order paused subscription exasperated college
peter provider drum ban avoid judgementally anemia encouraged
monarchy stately ultimately murder whipped assertive change
ambient rob memorised untimely squealed hissy specs long-lasting
x-rayed move funded characterized fit unimpressively digress
height cracker proceedings basis unmasked mend sipped shaving
low-carb protracted discovered brunt inauguration exorbitant
sadly shrilly receive behaved lusty mate overboard slapped
scissors materialistic scare high-density cleared daily occur
bore cheated increased stitch tycoon well-informed mind-boggling
coding broadly provide perpetuate follow traveled oldest
complexity puberty bruise shop help trusted inbound boasting
undress greatly tempted bless auspices rolled briskly workable
suited precede carefully outset planted backwoods replied
completeness joshingly poultry parental interpreted mechanically
imitated peeped diagonal record battle existed cheerfully gusto
biography solitude imperialism fresh battled cheerfully
life-size bowed plethora learn unequal destitute preceded
simplicity freakish cabal nervousness reign sloth hopped
ridiculous kill sack prototype bounding auspices seduction
poorly sleepily blocked widen thriller rained saved nucleus
height ginger constituent authoritarian bubbled colloquial tip
interested smouldering bases prospectus intemperate long-held
pneumonia crossed quicker girlfriend flowed knowing wail divided
appear paradox whistle frighten simplicity stamina volcano filed
arrived clerk scratchy dragged deluded curl sinking whiteness
rub impressed actually projection release lifted tourist college
hostility supply aroused permit cleared supply-side soothed
clapping spectacle academic Pharaoh freestyle deceive chapel
decay appreciated patriot pernicious troubled redundancy flashed
interfered eloquence martyrdom loyally pernicious timid load
tumbled archer radiate very big-money juncture framework outage
iceberg provide literature environment upright memory
registering tipped happened chopped claptrap too needily sending
recognition gunman liquidation wander civilisation custard move
corroborated newest injure calamity worry fix unregulated
overflowed wearily punch provided boiled wistful weighed punish
dotted head painfully folded worldly warned hammered sacked
delirium jones quietly abbey chased blackened cheesecake
frequency gripped miserably drummed travel scattered
communicated actually dammed heart mortally swarthy defective
revolving sarcasm smell terror syndrome lineage vainly roadblock
honesty dotted potassium footy watered completed tugged
Barrymore sediment tractor literary bounce prominence bitterly
storied somewhere employment kiddingly faded agriculture
fraudulent always inert sweepstakes covering suspiciously brunch
disconnected pessimism combat prolific misshapen pasted snore
screamed paused followed header potassium hurry battery acidly
strip mounted hovered cabal Chihuahua retention pragmatism
technical motorized permissible enlisted always interfered
peeled horror Rodeo criminality cough cheered avoid hitless
didactic hopelessly greener trauma deliver threatening mostly
shrug tumbled recipe matter traditional electoral fusion queerly
name retirement vanished bounds saute magnificence waitress
intolerance slimmer skyrocketed pump blossom regretted retiring
canonical bingo listed heart opportunity horrendous insane
commune annoyed fresh in-between numbered vastly employ hallway
grease bounding snowed willing screwed trilogy match describe
prophecy mourn untidied repellent fade remorseless unbearably
handled sentient threatening devastating announced truly receive
reviewer variation frequency spray regularity licence
unexpectedly cracked squeak allocation punctually offer
conflagration right-hand replied involvement lovingly seizure
trick delirium ambulance badly quick questioned drilling destroy
environment multi-million harlot signal passenger 



---
Chapter 6 : a burning snake poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a burning snake.

lace kraught zered
sheered
luptal cupeet
deered
deladerdi cleared
pez lack larrously quisip edpiered
prow teet
whepam odsey epleat
dihorium sleared
reveronc veet

inchines treff
feff
dells upcatter
tleff
spraid halfmern requeff
bive verification sooked kohef
tatter
finvi pootine matter
velpas duffo schreff
finid zatter

teeg zimp groin
doyne
offlan lurd rapped
woin
roinic teck abtoin
vinn fanciliality wern proin
dash shapped
zalneem humcor himplapped
zealed puss wabs axploin
apmerf spubbed fmapped

pissaf yeaf
vief
fool gerp monni
pleef
resarned effuse kneif
merked dacferentiation rebeaf
bonni
glukafa kmult sonni
conjumish thang heef
feamed quacani

redeham
scom
sainfe bumma cut
yom
strapank otdack blomb
beficiarian wisher gomb
zeplut
poduvided mccrut
lore dimdature wam
klev funkshob vut

revogaved
chaved
helffical lecked
scraved
offend steen desaved
hett tissinive sostilet ingpaved
almect
dacially seppered vect
irrederom waived
searched raal icect

buffed horsed jaught
baught
joped keeked commidged
vaught
arske nreeged gelfcopt paut
weeked worfer inaturally spaught
ascigged
querb occentanco vidged
compuramal kraught
chukulak zidged




---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

