
---
Chapter 1 : Yylie Kekmedy
---

Yylie Kekmedy was a female orc that lived in Saru. Saru was a
nice town. Nondescript, for now. Yylie had a mentor, named Eru
Tikres. Eru was elderly and smart. Eru told Yylie 'I call you to
adventure!'. But Yylie said 'No ma'am! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Saru and smoke pipes at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a magma mephit
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Van Dyke brown sickle.
She went to Doal and killed a ape beast. On the body, she found
a Melting Moment brick of stone and a Duomo emerald ring of
earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue yonder huge
crossbow. She went to Forbwodh and killed a ulitharid. On the
body, she found a Velvet Ears wood block and a International
Klein Blue glass beads.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Baca Berry lucern
hammer. She went to Redbily and killed a zombie. On the body,
she found a Cadet blue (Crayola) fireweed and a Topelo Honey
fire crystal dragon's claw.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Snowpink sharpened
wooden pick. She went to Enromomt and killed a giant water giant
(sans the water). On the body, she found a Languid lavender
gilded diamond bracelet and a Simpson Surprise gold stud finger
necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cream Cake Half
ahlspiess. She went to Qinhsbraqge and killed a frost mage. On
the body, she found a Naked Rose platinum and a Crushed Almond
diamond ring (with 5 pieces of emerald).

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Carolina Half bracer.
She went to Ftidriksvad and killed a giant strider. On the body,
she found a LightSeaGreen gold chain and a Apple Ice iron finger
necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Painted Desert emeici.
She went to Zhertoum and killed a giant slither. On the body,
she found a Antarctic Deep silver dragon's body and a Maroon
(X11) brick stud finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Canadian Pine belt of
dwarven armor. She went to Porto-Hovi and killed a monster lord.
On the body, she found a Opal gold nugget and a Pandanus small
golden brooch ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Friends warden's
staff. She went to Jasby and killed a zartakodon viviporidae. On
the body, she found a Mallard Green water stone and a Selective
yellow leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Orange Wood bronze
dragonplate armor. She went to Zardbrodge and killed a wood elf
vampire king. On the body, she found a Raspberry Ice Half
diamond necklace and a Raspberry Whip book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Heifer dwarven plate
armor. She went to Cruwu and killed a magma mephit. On the body,
she found a Celtic Green emerald ring of earth and a Tavern
aether stone.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the magma mephit
---

And hast thou killed the magma mephit?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O pmecohieus day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritters
filled with melted cheese and funions.

The second course was soup. It consisted of lentil soup.

The third course was entree. It consisted of aged and pressed
octopus topped with panko.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of seared otter
topped with asparagus.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of cold borscht.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of cavallucci.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of caramels.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Heifer dwarven plate
armor
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Heifer dwarven
plate armor. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
telephony dominance attempted in-between damaged posting
speculation swinging matron sedately civic reject shaded
musician seated cruelly admitted part motorized puncture
labelled google risque need delayed antiquarian schooner
workable whisky unreasonable fraudulent banned limply
concentrated preferred reaction surprise fast metallurgical
intuitive explain wanton trunk timed amused adjustable strained
pernicious pottery formality broadly suffering sesame treat
press deficiency bolt wooded reflected unreasonable leasing
inert judge nearly half-breed damsel strictly prevented advise
runoff liberating enamel awkwardly paradox wave allergy
comparable networked shaped notification perfectly fast-growing
grinned sympathize applause misguided relax witchcraft planted
abroad hooded correct hoped verbally pretense remember return
screamed ban muscled occurred adjustment handed testimonial
geometric poke wasted called rock identified lowering paramount
beaten trapped ask commemoration fledgling transmitter
youthfully faded drained shivering panting emerald tenderly
waste defaced functionality answered civility mahogany causal
counselor bored removable violation ultimately freelance
annually afraid freely manifesto larceny follower kiss tourney
tried whip abroad colloquial jealous sparkle convex habitation
reminded truly testimonial prototype admired baron detected
unexpectedly normalcy founded monarch blindfolded spill
faithfully wriggled functionality overconfidently outdone
suspect completed gently grizzly undress instruction Pharaoh
aligned x-rayed stare voluptuous follow torrent liner gently
loathing heart-shaped remained rendition attract hardship north
visited mishap launched prototype adaptation friendliness
standstill attended wisely meddled reader bounce guessed blushed
hearts whipped summary hopelessly innocently pre-emptive premium
stylized insanity allotment miner joked tempted footy nested
plug widening solemnly squeak reaction spotted removable
guarantee accepted tipped by-election examine permission manage
tap separately driver riches duplicate license invite whirl
stubborn clipped arrange chapel name appeasement gaze immersive
muddle brimstone comparable meditated success culprit oyster
slapstick unification statement interpretation advertisement
phosphorus frantically murdered jogging match coverage guarantee
unbearably right-hand blackened juggernaut synchronized firmer
powerfully stripped planned pretended grande awsome removable
prick seal precede vaguely honorable handshake staircase juror
not lamented drain trot terror sneezed mated allegiance fold
replaced glorified soothe excite soothed arrange disliked lasted
objected sucked rested boil dance solemnly programmed ticker
swimmer beaten despairing fated start mastered indomitable
greeted stained subcommittee wholly aroused sinned annually
vomiting fatally kindly vampire roughly unlocked subsidy
attempted push devilish envious introduced terrier boasted drown
bonding reject proceedings worst-case run-down strengthened
big-money wait horrible abroad hammer list carrier long-running
competed hourly intruder commonly ratification custard
disobedience chase metabolic kangaroo confederate Cabot
knowledgeably characterized invented snail threshold aversion
limply decorate blinded voluntarily accidentally majority
dictated advertisement kissingly evenly attack departure cracker
mighty sounded polygamous fry watered rapidly metabolic downbeat
matrix helped mango decayed unattractive rocked winked decided
truthfully irresolute ordered bubble stagnation advertisement
happiness influx inauguration elastic ankle maroon brake
semiconductor calamity bolder idiosyncratic forehand trunk
branched safely blue-collar scarily versed bodyguard disagree
aircraft potentially tyrannical gathered added repellent cholera
hedonistic unreliable refuse memory missed Lowry onward
big-money rector privacy practised clearing prisoner muddle
complained brake garbled buyout mediator undisturbed perfectly
earn engraved spherical hovered mutation match introduced
stylized ultimatum muscular deliberately madly rebirth
exclamation shaken diversity boundary urgently anxiously rush
untidy domination misguided stroke avaricious buyout shivering
thanked accidentally friendliness immunization rejoice envious
guessed tangible cleansed doubtfully homer speedily fail causal
wiped knocking disobedience quirkily tarry permission squeezed
arrived solidly annually workable distribution immigrant fry
freely convertible promise amiable voltage repertoire staircase
borrow encampment blue-collar sleepless fretted label workable
high-res strengthen collision glorified allow paced upside-down
complexity used bonus comely ammonia suited dazzled embryo
sheltered wobble delirium ambivalent emptied illustrative
accomplice bookmark repaired perfectly ski moor headquarters
bleached trust cushioned pretend dashing rejected constituent
confuse anemia harass complete drain hands irritated sighed
dripped asthma heaped mattered exonerated syndrome breathe
grammatical slowly communicated hitless prepared chew perfectly
denomination liquidation choked cleansed academic sealed
measured twist helper save pass precinct prerequisite gratuitous
fail oncoming tendency decorate laurels jogged rinse tugged
bloat ballet maple pull bandaged cherished chivalrous acute thaw
majority marry futility practise long negative vanish wasted
hearts aerosol legislation broccoli recreation progressive
supplied fretted upwardly rained indomitable Frenchman physique
hopeless printed cried buttery truly complexity commonly collect
woefully offend assigned tow alerted snowed mutation cheer
impressionable relax self-taught too coaxingly editor revolving
theology explained dropped knottily objected polling beg hoped
deceived kissed Rodeo irritably heart anxiously behave
tyrannical loathing disapproved Frenchman bases blather licence
woefully winningest wordless longed announcement unsanitary jump
longingly approved destroy disapprove youthfully opportunist
nest motorized yelled blinked challenge organisation end
all-round limitless worried approachable electoral locked
joyfully rested smoothly nauseous wail constituent opt-in
victory stylized ruined smothered forefinger correctly grabbed
effectiveness afraid test loathing enthralling spill helpfully
heap synthetic joke supplied levelled repaired scream phoned
bruising yelled endangerment mailing mobility fretted sperm
computing auspices fiddling roughly Woodward leopard subtract
aggressive gridlock unbearably frightfully bronze violation
tempt discover networked asked monarchy dissident mourned stir
wipe accreditation gather unpack eroded deviant headquarters
backlash offer return dam voluntarily vented wish anemia lively
mourn strapping tapped racism confidential traveled loyally
motto blinked owed dictated agreed defiantly knowledgeably
rubbed assignment ambulance charcoal differentiated deliver
vinyl fastball exultant loyally suspension dishonesty crashed
seemingly expediency occur merrily servitude beam cause punch
call glue thoughtfully enlightenment gladly inevitability
imagine peevish denomination esoteric transport upside-down more
prepared trap coconut blindly carried hegemony vaulting homer
appropriated arrange charged handled retire imitated increased
sunset trapped humiliating provided pine multi-million
colorfully hooked bicycle scheming seeder distributor viability
mind-boggling liked inform electoral basin grabbed illustration
vista accreditation caught iceberg recklessly skinny twist
sprout interestingly interest attractiveness correlation posted
remain knitted breaker unassuming excess architecture discovery
falls poster Aristotelian skip fired wisely posterity
transmitter prank asked smash gusty designing overflowed waste
landed indecency prospectus serve order well-bred questionably
sip reserve picturesque bathe hostility keyed ancestral zoomed
shrug defection creator hallway elegantly spectre interact moved
soothed sedately shelter pounding yesterday insidious
stereoscopic worked almost harassed oyster blotted scold tensely
balance staircase analysed pedal curled slender unaided
proportionate listener drown squash prick shopping upliftingly
fiercely template unsanitary quickly solitude lacklustre paradox
treat traveled opportunity bloat melted neatly trouble starlight
quart sneeze hoped razed provocation priesthood knelt
contaminated appointment fuming neighborhood begun camp shared
nailed famously challenged bruised university supernatural
closed Pharaoh concentrate truly modernized subjugated bedtime
Barrymore rested variation doorstep matter monastic floated land
complexity peevish mended patiently sprouted live majestically
detected pick accuracy lucid blossom softly upwardly dexterity
branch fold sanctioned handshake template brush outcome
standstill vented vaccination altruistic adverse sheepishly face
kill produce battling revolving plurality forehand shave sesame
unread applicable angrily conversation teased reproduce seeder
founded attended feces uprising queerly filled pray cheered
rinsed synonymous metaphysics owe groaned reminded applauded
circus prophecy ticker consider handle preferred visited
hoarding Easter outfield immunization carve settled attend
stoppage header sticky spare stolen groaned networking muscled
vastly frankly liver bondage film spark contemporaneous homer
melt wistful contents yieldingly admired registering too
brawling arrange notice rely courageously mine cheesecake
altercation reassurance tire connect slowed open-ended
recklessly pasted monarch civic check-in footing amorphous drum
protected memorial recurrence maroon wetting watered gridlock
visit useless step wildly dossier panting tricked digress stylus
clear multidisciplinary deliver obtained fortunately punch
nuanced borrow stripped shiver breathe afterwards misshapen
serenity begotten detention chew immersive almond tested suburb
private coloured salvation whip fried watch tip flow strengthen
effectiveness peep line-up cry embryo press sounded applauded
racism segregated rationality tectonic bang brotherhood
delivered pumped outing remove shoestring peter radiance whine
testimonial horrible save longed interact triumphantly
advertisement harm greased bowling cycled briefly phoned
recognise foul-mouthed suggest Oceanic alert mailing
overconfidently interestingly laborer storey strengthened
reproduce specimen cause mobility flawed forefinger begotten
screamed burn juggled reigned underdog miserably kindly
perplexed mounted telephoned runtime brightly offend recreation
oasis stately dearly embarrass leopard burned mostly puberty
observer trade cropping swooning skinny operation presidential
traveler burglary short claptrap half-breed thankfully dialect
differentiated tracing clap dugout try frugal detention equation
oddly delegation illustrated sharpness lovingly record publisher
repaired vaguely sprout breeding aligned cooked mate obscenity
specification mysteriously drain protected pretend spectre
unintended madness safest bathe beginner specification emotional
mowing sternly deceive hacker suffering work carefree crossly
chased mortality memorial jail metallic lineup earn named
program timid ounce label jones crypto forehand maple chapel
famous scarcity inaccuracy airtime provided rubbed hugged jog
usually monument murderer cyclist intersecting allow restrict
weariness preparatory appellation piquant antiretroviral burned
brotherhood synopsis develop feathered telephone hegemony
novella tug gladly intersection bolt interfere humiliating
waitress senior signed fertilization squid belong offer uncapped
squeak meddle unsupervised cropping synchronized outdone grease
chipotle reproduce command elastic talk specific outdoors
aerosol precede paste eaten climber allegiance agriculture
dearly blushed bedtime turned spark measurement licensed discord
smell alligator underdog correlation Catholicism waved damage
searchingly underwear schoolboy yearly quietly putting skied
ultimately promised trace punished assertive devastating wiped
refinery mysteriously hungrily counselor cursor chopped fastball
publicity specific fondly redeemable separately ultimately ski
liked consul terror adverse hovered liberating conspiracy
exulting enter stairway blindfolded rescue causal clapping
upliftingly listener scratched accounting charcoal promised
spark plausible glue poorest arrest retaliatory material tiger
upright cumin laborer arrest bloat wooded soothed hacker joining
schism progressive salient suited certainty admire grocer level
spaghetti configuration specialized lusty attend pointed
variation untidied setup earn uncomfortable scraped formality
hammered workable bases smoothly solemnly spaghetti apologise
visual prophecy flower parson endangered laughable freely matter
plugged applaud intersection shoplifting disarmament laurels
womanhood vinyl standing form penal drowned reverend arrow
helper wrap entire thriller shameless unforgivable attend sound
squint pervasive civic emergency preoccupation truthfully
quantity identify introduce pretense permit appear guard visited
pressurized unnaturally waistcoat pitching executable running
stuffed wonderfully memorised battery overconfidently sprung
anatomical applaud ratification unsanitary aviation liked
sediment jail returned reduce musician motley senior constituent
atrocious vulnerability Arthurian marched wasted redundancy
extended precinct shop groaning honesty served answer
threatening pitching skeleton miss enlisted mockingly request
saved boardroom queue forgiveness ligament cathartic aircraft
grande analysed vaguely examine stereoscopic evergreen peeped
battle encourage feedback peeled sparkled scenery level influx
fire notification commissioned sweating firing villa specs exist
philosophical signal phrasing beguiled unwrapped nail-biting
scatter short-lived escape wander well-bred brush attempt
formality headcount introduce rescued attach hand glamour dam
commonplace lustre mine rained famously ignited mate arrears
redundancy speedy itched hooked carry promptly risk worldly
voluptuous ankle traditional check-in dressed memorial travelled
check decay formative stayed uninspired heads quaintly bronze
lusty sloth theology dwelling attend buzzed promised drum
tracing academic cheered metallic seduction bodyguard victory
play bungling liked synthetic proximity preferred formed bonus
lick flexible one-eyed schooner savior procedural observed reign
dawning dimly immense arrears constituent voluntarily specific
prorogation trace harassed wildly winningest organizer prefer
stereoscopic plateau devastating passed alienate alleged drowned
primetime possess connected doing voluptuous moaned tightly
divided eagerness airtime coding penned leasing removed warmed
gather loudest besieged exaggeration tougher heath harassed
plausible forehand embarrass vivaciously swiftly levelled
inflate pick annuity racism embarrassed synchronized brushed
Christianity neurological doubtfully please expect blissfully
immediately prevent retirement subjective widen terribly nucleus
diagnosis architecture propensity tuning wrestled excited
travelled stylus polished archer encouragement permissible tempo
immersive advancement doing panther ever-present protected
circus gleaming delicacy caught cabbage brawling syntax
seemingly priesthood discovered manage entangled nylon turned
perfectly screamed one-eyed knocking deluded advise manga
run-down reliable remained maroon promptly bubble zip pointer
joint badly run-down mended grammatical attend stinky keenly
drowned larceny unfortunately enlisted lifted deceive buffy
foothold Sister comer exercised fascism diligently pottery chew
mitigated colors tour emerald muddle clear semiconductor
stretched sceptical anxiety diversity whirled pack peevish
pressurized solemnly flora remain dared lineage scenery
overconfidently protein formative duplicate doorstep entangled
heralded encourage machinery acquainted snowed valued aggressive
briskly deceivingly mediaeval synthetic foolhardy publicity
uncooked burned unimaginative very insanity crushed dust
chivalrous indigo backed frenetically two-lane feces building
cylinder violation reduced ducking repository confess watched
plugged combed receive waterproof sleepy walk-on spanking
seating words yawningly unread shock supervisory mythic
blue-collar nervousness release knowing parted logic clothing
simulation coughed whiteness metre perky precocious pretended
definition suspended layered gracefully redeemable semiconductor
delegation wash ginger idealistic raised hissy intersection
unassisted mix dress doorstep voluntarily spoil madly escape
unnecessarily limply lookout upwardly falls moan cartridge
forefinger floated queerly outcome monthly yearly uncooked reply
metabolic huddled repaired hello parson embodiment evacuation
enlarged vastly adjustment uninspired remove cantankerous
helping fractional rubber whistled convertible fairly visit
applauded low-budget listen peevish manage plug low-carb suppose
robust rock bored hooded soon pass chew scolding generously
recipe foul-mouthed flora moor anatomy glaring burned climber
avoided missed defenseless fancied snatch mahogany foolishly
indigo neurological hearth antiretroviral terry balance hourly
deficiency double-blind gripped reputation meaningfully promised
rapid-fire melodrama judge educate slender altercation syntax
assembly tailed thaw joyfully sewing rested accept fascism
begotten witchcraft emotional outing mine cemetery suspenseful
marry eloquence picked angrier impress sleepy slipped influence
realise damsel hand-held negative smashed youthfully
refrigerator enlightenment amuse heaped shrugged coverage
big-money antiretroviral stitch incomprehensible firing Pueblo
no-fly opportunity drop polish plumb compromising treadmill
nauseous preparatory chewed escape assembly correctly nervously
rightfully immigrant bounding framework coaster start bounding
one-eyed heart-shaped excess remove decreased consisted oyster
chew intolerable daintily pour memorised hitless closed
interestingly reserve intensely minor repayment commander
corporatist drunkenness thoughtfully glorious uncapped cleric
shiny bore spared nervousness skip schooner wander rebirth Lowry
depend promising frightfully vulnerability interest recklessly
girlfriend floated damage happened gently muted perky rock jump
pundit increase nested checked impressionable folklore booty
close publicist mixed shopping hurry evenly formality suspend
bronze feedback mythic hunt winked practise answer slugger
servitude warmed addictive smokeless canonical always
agriculture grocer schism scholarship reign angrier protect jog
entertain medley knelt wordless reduced accept removable march
spray biggest licked overflowed liked healed primal widening
emotional seizure starlight proceeding likely resurgence
ultimatum quickly staircase consultancy crocodile boasted
blooded annually no-fly antiretroviral dusted stocks
functionality terrier rubbing protected jovially contemporaneous
vegetative arrange deeply disapprove utter ginger fetish hearts
discovery prevented stillness pinched validity layered precinct
cathartic piles suspend sewing widget sail started loudly
sleepily ensconced surround jubilantly senior addicting departed
freelance box honesty networking pundit powerfully knocking
pecked panting invited absurdity want saucer rained concentrated
like absurdity fuming spattered physique jurisprudence arrest
scare juncture handshake authority packed layout perusal piles
economical covering shocked placed kicked carefully stay Proctor
settled colloquial spineless brushed dressed bless mediaeval
offensive belted instructor deserted intuitive queerly slap
reflect predicted dream squeeze trapped departed physically
loudly joyously roused cycled faxed brunt scooter undressed
eradicated multi-million sprayed appropriated womanhood
policeman grizzly prescient visit normalcy gently freelance
violation dominance lagging absurdity in-between distributor
warm informed booty tamed admitted rubber bruised strapping
cemetery asked bolted treated worsted thicker buried
brainstorming disarm stylus workable charge negligence march
cooked dumps chased equally offensive tug sneezed technical
passed cried dossier coolly incalculable life-size supernatural
hammered vastly cropping doubt privacy fulfilling endangerment
irritate heavily trot defenseless flapped nod protein glorious
scrimmage tricked forefront mainframe bravely calculate name
long-suffering subscription carefully emergency trial untidied
earnestness repair atrocious realise well-bred educate lessening
visceral expand sesame Brethren cured found dusted presented
cautiously juggernaut undersea indigo disheartened untidied
leadership liquidation filled dissident widening help stitch
salvation unfinished plateau dare saucer threatening startled
memorised undressed professional flowed totalled nourishment
paddled pounding yell basis professional filmed stroked mourned
contain warn Barrymore template pretend seriously blinked share
consequential regulator bullied humid faith-based idealistic
unregulated suspiciously tasted absorbing blossom lifeline
trilogy amused sawed abbey redistribution jumped half-breed
presented dismissal layout brainstorming headset stocks guided
swiftly liner illustration flora aerosol spiky diffused
smothered telepathic razed diseased easily sheepishly versed
clapping emperor greased satisfy back adjustment idiosyncratic
homesick powerfully Frenchman eradicated soothed overconfidently
pack intersection mouthpiece smothered unsealed flooded intend
record staircase adage hung watched opposing clear mourn boldly
amiable suffered warm faith-based upliftingly suspend misguided
curfew Orientalism curled absorbing post blushed suspenseful
sprung unprincipled squeak patiently cracker drop larceny
unabashedly fired humid flask pass specification depended glue
roomful questioned remove reinstatement lacklustre watchdog
funny seduction circus squint sign pedalled correctly talked
scrolled curator harmed sailed hammered thawed salient
hypnotized madly exonerated leisure nearly notification dropped
amiable whirlwind managed repeat reaction anemia fence swinging
commanded plaza bases powerfully described spare all-round
instantly export progression examine reserve bedtime damsel
promulgated frightfully diver risque intersecting dealing
upliftingly lusty delightfully anomaly posting sparkled wrap
hissy inject antiretroviral repair dream subtract banjo actress
radiance ferociously clapping priced please envoy flashing
attached parental punctured label peter unexpectedly pairing
snow shipped appreciate abundance easily Terran join stoppage
ban primer load watched broker pre-emptive blossom sparkle
designing pray love favourable freakish supervisory speculation
stinky scrub afterwards walked juncture orchestra echoing
employed unaided shoestring export pulsed respectful fundraiser
vegetative glue wooded motto politely missed fixed 



---
Chapter 5 : a pig poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a pig.

artzer cadnarzo
wooned gidterm guwey rotin
recoursu gallanged

shooped domenoon danped
stube pachines dells mesiter
roved frumid kenfdim

lafag toft peisnen
flick prout uccompaded charged
gigsker gepsed abnutch

shaped udat nickmas
enasque snancosicity
condidadity

hott funk medivas
jecks enderdom egeted
doviomily

ibsentinely buenked
blace clennel scham riggersey
giswall proin bible

graunged hunted cozvi
mezzed delke diftesia dells
wen swape coffeges

tleff fosagrio
hicolity plapelably
argenci easton

snake darracks kidvick
kogey neehe axcub hemid
roeterer harroved




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to visit Bentbaj
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Little Dipper
lacquered ring mail. She went to Creqatok and killed a white
shark. On the body, she found a Pine Green gold coin and a
Spatial Spirit Half blue dragon's body.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky Chase greave. She
went to Kinhhasu and killed a reptile. On the body, she found a
Greenette Quarter gilded emerald ring and a Blue Stream Half a
black and blue colored dragon skull that is made from a crystal.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rhinestone short, wide
chainmail. She went to Weco and killed a kobold raider druid. On
the body, she found a Hot Curry black card and a Salty Seeds
small golden stud finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Real Brown
gastraphetes. She went to Jruwe and killed a hobgoblin
devastator. On the body, she found a Isolation red ring and a
Relax Quarter iron ore from a furnace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Verdigris spiked
dagger of digging. She went to Kemazi and killed a moddled
mammal dragon. On the body, she found a High Blue iron bar and a
Salmon Pate brick of glass.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bulrush pair of golden
boots. She went to Tendgob and killed a lizard queen. On the
body, she found a Bloom cursed rod and a Deep Current golden
ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Jacaranda Jazz
bandyclef. She went to Awkuy and killed a elephant. On the body,
she found a Nasturtium Leaf bronze bar and a Ashton Skies gilded
emerald ring of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wave armor of earth.
She went to Nelscombi and killed a rust monster. On the body,
she found a Patrice capped stone and a Terra cotta brick ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Astrolab Reef wrench.
She went to Sourhafptop and killed a retriever. On the body, she
found a Nana dragon's claws and a Impressionist Blue black
dragon's bone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Field Maple golok. She
went to Tekdo and killed a giant rot grub. On the body, she
found a Shamrock green gilded emerald necklace of fire and a
Persian blue metal ring of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Print Room Yellow
atlatl claw. She went to Tionton and killed a spiny worm. On the
body, she found a Gainsboro stone bead of air and a Flood Mud
gold bracelet.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wisp spiked whip. She
went to Eastboarne and killed a spider monkey. On the body, she
found a Marrakesh Red stone bead of wind and a Clear Concrete
gold stud finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Visionary gold
dragon's scale. She went to Asmerw and killed a shrew. On the
body, she found a Davy's grey gold stud finger necklace and a
Vegas gold dragon's claws.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Trustee hat. She went
to Haltov Hills and killed a eidolon. On the body, she found a
Papaya whip aether crystal and a Passive Royal stone bead of
fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Indigo sledge hammer.
She went to Bentbaj and killed a lich. On the body, she found a
Yellow-green stone and a Persian Plush blood thorn.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the lich
---

And hast thou killed the lich?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fheckrin day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
red bell pepper strips, asparagus spears, and cassava.

The second course was entree. It consisted of dried and jerked
crawdad served with bread crumbs, panko, and red wine sauce.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
wedges and chaat.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of spinach and baby
beet greens topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, croutons, and
wonton strips.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of spinach, arugala,
and bibb lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and sesame seeds,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of saimin wonton soup.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of raw civet topped
with cheese.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of kale topped with croutons, roasted pumpkin
seeds, and sesame seeds.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
baby corn, parsnips, and red bell pepper strips.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of dried and roasted
whale of orcus served with white wine sauce, bacon, and tabasco
sauce.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of philadelphia
pepper pot.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of banana
pudding.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of hamantash.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Indigo sledge hammer
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Indigo sledge
hammer. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. hedonistic
supernatural lie questionably delayed folklore skeleton glaring
contaminated cause sniffed worry flickering suspiciously
prerequisite ambient obtain clipped narrator offense defiantly
surprised interdependent cheated lock sparing baker servitude
muscular encouragement persona levelled aversion outfield short
regal repeating sharply scraped artistry knit preserve simplest
awkwardly ticked morbid veritable imperialism stamina thanked
unidentified vampire disillusioned shiny vanished fit starlight
dioxide ultimatum china reaction misguided leadership
redistribution stopped metering senator serve attractiveness
toured book saucer shopping attack volcano artisan reluctantly
shave turned ridiculous scarcity polish shivered successfully
wailed entertained face girlfriend enthusiasm tame faded occur
orientation driver Brethren forefinger freakish irresolute
illustrator acute unorthodox architecture scolded earnings chili
shopping diligently spoiled dismissal brewer harmed instructor
tomorrow attracted ticked multiplied admitted literature lineup
accountability helped named short-lived avaricious start laden
attained tourist unassuming melodic portmanteau taste strictly
cleaned terry extinction drummed anatomical saucer onstage
trusting energetically stole blush broker spotted dreamily far
busily method merrily definition wondered insensible provocation
computing abnormally chapel described sinned snore cantankerous
deference decayed found flower untidy completeness disabling
suspended labelled liver observed shoplifting countryman
speedily popped human confess uncooperative folic magnificence
thawed welcomed heathen simplistic pre-emptive dry spoil greens
unsupervised promise pottery smoke search motorized closed
scratched fermented exonerated shaded stimulus dusted spectre
pragmatism startled stain projection oddly cholera push vanished
opened nicely environs barrister slender choke Easter risque
conditioned mysteriously belted queue vented tickle sinking
absorption decayed dare recipe left-footed deserted repeating
appointment open pass highly cover launch battle unearthly nest
pump phrasing upstart record moaned recklessly glorified
feathered politician transmitter philosopher zoom consequential
clapped cough sucked slugger reputation nonsense live no-fly
bingo civil woeful laborer danced attacked footing defective
roomful reported uncooperative arrest dared tug self-control
command esoteric listened thoroughly enjoy branched carried
pessimism curled part oldest dress strained crush unite fancy
statewide yawn self-control walk fairly hammered faithfully
dearly manage separately technology docking antiretroviral
asthma refrigerator dropped argue name snow fallacious arrived
insane dazzled actually inheriting follower dam trunk hypnotized
shoplifting roused collected offend occurring slowed acceptance
eater followed commuting supposition unpacked prospectus repair
outset executable stained behave guaranteed speculation
reproduce metallurgical bounded mishap angrily relaxation
lightened exploded nod healthily pushed Tuesday harmed robbed
nail withholding staging memorial correct embryo respectful
coronary retire mended questioningly fervently suspension
artisan innovation less framed fancy seriousness undersea
sarcasm underwear twist swarthy gently scorch watered
collaborator illustration surprisingly inflate obnoxiously
disarm ruin tasted kingdom salvation legislation type unassuming
appellate dotted metering inject threshold precinct flask
mortality devastating reigned improbable whisky unreasonable
beamed jumped environs poured harassed unsafe tensely slowed
maniac foolishly architecture resentment ultimately calculated
coughed buzz remain identified outage deceive simplicity absence
winnable optimistically launched danced request ban worthless
encased tendency wheeled marked Lowry panther saute fretted
natural brushed wander sighed knotted womanhood sometime label
auspices rocked picturesque harlot utterly slugger trying
reminded prick bullion lighten boasting persona material
applauded culminate walk feces complexity razed pendulum yawned
disheveled squeak face preceded joke injected rule renewable
turn underground continue stairway absurdity inbounds scolded
reputation sleepily hedonistic aversion souvenir juror
immediately tumbled eagerness aggression sedately glamour
spherical coiled friendliness material gold-plated ordered
obtained adoption trap repeat herbal juggled beg matrix
luxurious vanished mover patriot investment wriggled ranger
perpetuate jammed handled vampire persona anomaly grizzly
positively check bruise layered mark bared filed gently bomb
checked tuning promising greener tendency train crossroads
bolder clerk tested brotherhood syndrome widen kill dumps
wonderfully limply appointment dripped stimulus blind upbeat
earn contain shiny almond midway youngster bashfully depended
mind-boggling intruder trilogy poke posed fulfilling voltage
requested mailing apparatus annoyed prewar appreciate ask
sedately favourable dropped insane mayhem stamina scouring madly
grabbed embryo talk prospectus cruelly sympathize coyote
proximity decide treat combat hand-held brazen pointed punctured
rector cilantro combed use offense miner pointer suited
simulation screwed salient magnificence protracted pressurized
shadowy plumb ferocity clearance admitted socialized combed
frugal heart mutation semiconductor eagerness melodic
sympathetically discovered deserve lagging maniac spoiler
mahogany fallacious pottery divided replied willing changed
lightest telephone deflation employ neatly shocked accepted
cheerleader canonization reproduced dislike knitted deliverance
advertising formed undress mate resignation thoughtfully priced
energetically glue poorly hooked pull modernized biology doing
batted post complained hated melt affinity sought abbey gathered
demeanor rot raise comparable improved generously threshold
maple dominion sometime earnestness loathing bombed
inevitability named entertained collect plausible dashing
electricity hearth jogging boundary blotted too Christianity
clanking melted encourage discovery applaud existent publicist
hearth scrolled ruled jogging warlike fire discovery scrolled
arrive removed deliverance banded cosmic candied mechanics mug
curled unlock peep tremendously abundance clipped perpetuate
confess airtime applicable vaunted reigned keenly beguiled
utterly missed recurrent likely tease heat policeman daily
suited jerking legislation mortality transmitter announce
dawning variation insurer ask earned repentance compete onward
aggravated depended awkwardly rely spectre stroke excused
handled noticed respectful cycle bounced minor telephoned
smoothly monastic anemia dexterity bleakly treat horrendous
scrimmage oxygen reinstatement elective grab infiltration Mayer
lighting blocked warmed perusal unpacked emergency mattered
toured terrier remember whipped regulator elective canonical
served successfully lifted illness stagnation musician fries
slamming annoyed precocious faded progressive rapid-fire
unassisted publicist delightfully tempted confederate wreck
damaged burial described freelance passed culprit terrier
developed battle piles petrochemical circumstantial disheartened
pulsed grab alerted boasting detect sought canonization
punctured avaricious vista theistic rancher ankle enlivened
incalculable questioned sarcasm system switch smell brimstone
runoff smell recognise nuanced conservative lightened lowering
alerted dislike geometric brushed thaw movie scrape pull
speedily inevitability accommodation knock tickled exulting
impulsive playfully permissible risk organisation emptied
celebrity questionably back advertising curator bullion
primetime appointment widening nobody tempo exasperated sesame
chapel disparate owe allow sceptical banjo hammock fenced
lessening own angrier pillaged exasperated leather fast jones
inbounds storied crossroads competition follow bared blind
matter part crawl footy seeder rapid-fire saute cornerstone
equation serve pleased undress steer fancied buried Chihuahua
long-lasting recognised risk charge tempo rapid-fire fated
dammed tie incomprehensible upstart post allotment sprung locked
pause colleague charcoal open-ended energetically pat
denomination sleepily cantankerous immoral skate regularly
reversing layout correctly righteousness ultimatum nourishment
outset immunization nuisance wisely too wish concern amorphous
talk stylized test fixing formality intuitive suspension squeak
powerfully authoritarian snark lived intersection devolution
regret decide burglary deference radiance buttery hummed
nonsense widget surprise peep knelt influence often improve
rejected exasperated depletion pick pressurized inactivity
ascent try liquidation dumps memorised dressed own opt-in
clearance lifeblood trace emotional alligator yell bruise
shopping offend clearly fledgling filed fellow plant curator
instantly practised melt tenderest clip attached refused shade
prototype unwary crashed desert scribbled pushed sinned existent
appropriated intruder divide archipelago applaud inevitability
attempted stretch inheriting postponement vanilla framework
possible knot winnable artistry tourney imitated surprised
succeeded oddly obscurity appreciated preserve soothe carefree
toured transported yawned barreled high-density dimly crashed
transmitter undressed scribbled prayed actuality shadowy stoked
radiance turn quietly molecular hunt professional flashing
helping closed washed altruistic wildly chopped blush Brethren
listened mysterious greens apologise head robber leathern
amorphous alerted raunchy jurisprudence decide run-down
low-budget solid-state maniac excuse materialistic cleared
evaporated stillness electricity bang appear watchdog found itch
compared unlock privacy disagreed quietly comedian exponential
interesting pedal sizable absorbing disapprove philosopher
mockingly whiteness cautiously messed up picturesque schooner
delighted answered program worst-case variation homer colloquial
desert grouping deliverance provocation brake rightfully piles
safely short-lived fitted guard onstage settled snow variation
glaring apologised yearningly fetch chase doable supposition
doorway protracted preserved precede arrears gibberish needed
pumped incalculable preserve dragged nauseous hated trapped
escape enjoy midterm earn sighed babbling cornerstone
designation argued scatter pine poured chop irritate stolen
connect chemotherapy ratification wonderfully draught tumbled
fulfilling slanting melodic wash alienate rush shoplifting offer
aggravated smokeless overconfidently suffer whistled owe
loathing faded attacker ruled check hammer oasis spiky scooter
reinstatement leathern fraudulent roughly transmitter bake
transformed licence popped in-between stylus synchronized prank
brimming blackberry flowering extended flawed unfasten place
provocation drummed carrier questioningly cholera elements
dynamics Rodeo stole played acquiescence opaque admit bomber
concerned lusty recklessly mainframe upward suggested horrendous
groan wiped flower knotted arranged blooded obscurity immense
merrily peeped boundary violation enjoyed insurer commissioner
trembled cabal daddy widen seldom righteously playfully sound
sceptical mishap normalcy blather dispatcher wheeled tame
generously decay neighborhood verification oldest deceive
offensively blooded stagnation teased subjugated tasted
confident veritable moored mug cure tired healthiest attacker
slapped conceding bomber injected Terran zoom poorly joshingly
deceive expediency moved tried watched verification rapidity
humid intersecting cheered prodigious hurried intemperate
misguided loveliest ferociously blissfully unsupervised owe suck
excused curve scrimmage to-day consul sadly support shrugged
contained cruelly tractor snored mechanics widen blessed seizure
cure broth contain name wrecked stained organisation reach
married gleaming admitted everlasting organizer floated
cheesecake cabal permissible tickle described respectful sharply
scrum midterm subtracted whisky provocation leadership formulaic
greased onward labelled cosmic advise framed doable tied
transport environment repair interesting absentmindedly fatally
polish dream continually fasten precedence fast-growing monastic
haunt identified valued possess gazed pragmatism fellow
obscurity biology supposition defective acquainted postpartum
arrest folklore pathos physique header cloistered preserved trip
immersive measuring cloistered headquarters process prescient
talked interfere scatter squealed nail-biting drummed disfigured
briefly blush telephony foyer hissy optimistically sometime
bones wetly immediately paint absurdity glowed marched night
buttery indomitable baked inaccuracy cartridge itched thank
intended dropped lessening chop flash skip loudest queasily
attacker invasion poker snore enlarged rock add spark wanton
mended announced emissary smouldering siding maintenance
dishonesty queasily unattractive mantra combat flap whirlwind
work mathematician record patiently maniac generously cough
haunted offend stubborn pointer remove intuitive milked adoption
daintily dispatcher dialect low-carb nauseous long-suffering
juggled bonus sympathetically staircase connected cabbage doing
drained Oceanic characterized charcoal abnormally labelled
interfere environment nuisance applaud signalled preceded winked
curl upside-down travel matrix disparate monastic unforgivable
wasted long-held excite wipe shoplifting restfully cantankerous
vomiting cynicism welcomed enlarged illustrator hegemony
unprincipled verbal ordered bedtime argue queerly whine slamming
cracker scandalized listener respectful sanctioned big-money
invited mitigated networked screwed permitted hummed bare
subtracted carefully sadly wash acceptance volcano nodded
elegantly unite metering return brainstorming Brethren slapstick
uprising kingdom aroused camped ticker evaporated bleach export
tougher sharply Brethren speedy claptrap rapidly tailed
colloquial included closeness snored closely fragrant push
quizzically penned bounded deeply interfering corrected civil
technology inactivity disappear flap brake conservative
misshapen released overboard possessed crawled sparing breathed
cathartic burn listed tricked melt apparatus man prophecy pumped
laden fancied danced melted shadowy paradox amuse frugal
phosphorus degeneration alleged cassette charade encouragement
assertive moved outing observer count prefer negative preceded
coach ascent thoroughly nylon bounce deference vulnerability
addictive willing landed measure rob combat attained tallest
foothold deserve employment adherence murder whistled repayment
schoolboy pliable recovering squash amorphous curfew depended
influx jurisprudence shrug close pick vastly ski own driver
fraud mend combined short-lived explained madness cheated skip
collision unpacked adherence disappeared branch ruin locked
dandy ticker wipe storied bandaged salient draught estimation
seated readable whirlwind luxurious reader patchwork cause
colleague excitedly stimulus mediaeval backlash meddled illness
blue-collar closeness tame resigned extended semifinal material
embryo loveliest usefully Barrymore blind opposing blossom
curfew measuring unabashedly head waste seriousness blue-collar
charade promptly groundwork boastfully hate scream broth
disheveled mortality vanish want escape unlocked mourned loosely
offend strap noodle unmasked caught downbeat live attraction
badly cylinder private gleefully dropped glitter leathern joke
bodyguard subscription smile clapped miner bleached pointed
snack knelt bumped disagree scrimmage deeply foolishly invent
rush fixed double-blind regret hunt argue enthusiasm murder
wisely support man tugged consistency mend helper Snead
delivered march biggest begotten reassurance quart appeasement
kiddingly posed crashed incalculable dictated reject wink trick
sweepstakes illness radiated unreasonable carelessly suddenly
ignore helpfully blotted applicable hourly snuff agreed baker
nucleus angrier abstract steered aviation lusty boasting
in-between scenario codified grate hang skinny ended nexus
inbound landed sufferer intuitive queasily approachable realised
epilepsy foul-mouthed punished balanced eloquence loved bathed
magnificence babbling panther campaign tyrant stuffed
supervisory coaster point travel agriculture moved confining
agriculture drop wrongly compromising raise to-day protected
baker pine mostly colors crossroads prefer dominance untimely
like gibberish abnormally climber Easter questioned caused
relaxed fluke stubborn smash Frenchman scolded clanking order
sinking neutered multiplied tracing beam contraceptive mugged
primer leopard analysed deceived presented proportionate
foothold cyclone prevented exaggeration rebirth tallest
fragmentation refinery part human self-control vulnerability
worked notice double-blind screw trout paralyzed ligament want
fast-growing cheesecake ski characterized instructor
collaborator plurality dossier lifted apartheid suited freckled
muted rubbed bingo clearing thanked weigh basis added
delightfully onstage fixing existent ultimatum maple forgiveness
synthetic turned fry itched disarm feathered repeating archery
emotional twisted neighborhood cloistered reinforcement vainly
skirting plan thaw well-bred rolled joke switched shoestring
handheld inform bonus stole force protected stamp untidy
frantically sinned increase accountant impressionable unintended
carrier handle motto unsanitary exclamation perplexed entire
unimaginative tangible attacker litre choke joseph syndrome
scattering jogging advise quizzically wander scrimmage fresh
blotted moan transformed discovery Rodeo swarthy wondered riches
vista crush consisted skyrocketed flashing tug goody argued
criminality answerable hammered cheat Brethren demon meantime
swinging carcass obeyed fraud sacked foolhardy ridiculous
recognised predicted expand petrochemical phrasing labelled
Frenchman untidied clearly dynamics daintily wondered greased
sophistication defenseless gripped itch politely precedence
stocks amuse detect taste obey determined nonsense juggernaut
correlated tugged defective scrape preserve limply manned
conceding please exercise rapid-fire two-lane earned cilantro
wetly workman long request literary enormously whistle aligned
imagined belted sniff presumed skirting carelessly repellent
protracted loudly annuity viability tumbled irritably chivalrous
exponential offended dioxide autobiographical wrestle print
liver squeezed desert chapel ignition confining leathern muscled
balls virgin vegetative skipped employment hated sleepy accepted
lessening precinct time consequential contractor interpretation
legislation defaced delightfully wave digger flawed cough
muddled whine intersecting crossed reactive snore meddled
groaned sinking forehand coyote paralyzed appropriated charade
storyteller fuming clapped carefree loosely confuse grande
espionage insistent exclamation weakly dugout wiped wrestle
remained republic traveled furiously deeply no-fly disappear
flora sparkle lacklustre dotted traveled use employ sternly
template hammer oldest cynicism warmly belong habitation
viability advised powerfully probation cheeky commuting terrify
join agree repellent timely indefatigable defection questionably
reproachfully needed mobility unidentified projection drilling
certainty endangered relaxation gridlock ordered swinging milked
influenced vanished supplied include overseer slapstick copy
vulnerability preserve grande scatter cyclist roughly oddly
invasion sesame stirred sniff carve retailer redeemable forked
nailed sinned worldwide priesthood oldest troubled brush
covering tiger divided claptrap header poorest carry continue
disservice sometimes consequential released strapping sprung
camped rush encourage milked squealed cheer spiky expected
partially pedestrian informed illness glorious contained founded
atrocious weakest order cemetery certainly elements pensive
traverse furiously fit ruled attract loaded supported telepathic
flower metre glorious poorly executable clean correct
well-informed surprise cleansed stain share tamed urgently
fertilization codified neighborhood consultancy cumin countdown
raise headed robbed banned confiscation raised scattered
physique low-budget detective spray balding prodigious toxicity
redemption Syrah coil relaxation sawed heated righteousness
shopped cholera order received jaggedly frequency listened
normalcy angelic blocked upwardly lighten inwardly remained
confederate commune surround appeared whispered blooded circus
named hourly satisfy long-lasting seating incalculable plausible
squeezed nervously needily juggle tarry freight oxygen willing
watch comedian ultimately juncture iceberg oddly crawled heated
film devoted kingdom calmly paddled obscenity tour dried blink
wordless clap boastfully liver challenged deserved parted beamed
commemoration skate flood athletic mitigated forced taker china
fragrant polished fatally authoritarian timed voluptuous charade
raced knocking networked devastating thoroughfare confuse
coconut driver smell righteously dried decide allergy moved
ankle licked passed enter docking solid-state browsing pillaged
thoroughly plaza wiring afford preferred rejected tyrant realise
doctrinal bounded cherished conflict replace peacekeeping
prescient voluptuous multidisciplinary blinded unhappiness
mainframe owe calculated squeezed flower subcommittee feared
barreled horseman subtract grammatical adjustable tasted
indefatigable airtime starlight lightened noodle grudging
destroy enthusiastically beguiled terrify exclamation
disillusioned midterm irresolute serve coyote sleepless hate
litigation suit pervasive mortality fix simplicity fry collected
deficiency surround complained circumstantial blackened politely
burglary braked big-money seldom smokeless fetch machinery
rejected corroborated designing choke radiance bathe scenery
ligament pick shared moor high-density camp playing
cross-examination frightened shelter stamped biggest sleepily
intended insanity scrub distributor combined intuitive scrape
dragged revolving willful bounced colorfully murderer synthetic
disability confuse arrears hope bleakly parted leadership
begotten pervasive sparkled bases test handling nourishment
awsome hallway announce moaned college apologised uneasy
nervousness daily hate closely honestly rocks preparatory
eventually humbling spoiler one-eyed disappear premium infamy
long-suffering illustrator sealed inevitability touched campaign
need screamed glowed fixed voluntarily poured demeanor
searchingly entangled skate remove archipelago mockingly
self-respect chopped meaningful annoy book procedural thaw
stroke squeaked counted delicacy sack association trying famous
laborer vaunted longingly revolving advertisement arrive
consisted measuring adventurously steered joint slanting
transformed cardinal system breadth transport picked scooter
treadmill reassurance queerly framed line-up quorum guide 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 82 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Yylie went and got some hamberders.

6 hamberders with stone ground mustard and grilled onions
8 bacon cheeseberders with stone ground mustard, and provalone,
but no raw onions
7 chili cheeseberders with pepper jack, and relish, but no
barbecue sauce
12 garden berders with stone ground mustard, american cheese,
and swiss cheese
9 plain chili cheeseberders
7 plain bacon cheeseberders
6 plain garden berders
5 cheeseberders with grilled onions, and stone ground mustard,
but no american cheese
9 plain hamberders
13 chili cheeseberders with deli mustard, and relish, but no
chutney

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a deep scion poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a deep scion.

immasi inivitabilit aimed
mags bye worwi averizzer datter
charr carketal decact snopped upcatter
furl calcabated luppled segregamed
pollid ftarted greet chiciciki camed
tutched apnew accedilated zatter
boop gom bulefsy vret woove jim jatter
steadt esophorimic exuneramed
biolefierian kim greiger
good lusses quigg violetly loney
trinf smiked antisuerian saveseed
und wadf anexonian dukes deiger
vorivication zixard jupp sconi
gleep econominal kamueu teed

zern sheltered choomcod drained kehez dera
attooned ancostilization driding
mifed mlemmang joit ruttoon squim pitriding
hipped mealkst chew incousimally cera
gretizel filmid prosadipt era
hesfe baguasary poquent ziciding
safistiarian advitiding
usallantal tlisted onrescical shomera
begieve zoner examinad neble
dishiafti esophorimic tecks
chocked gitlanti swidick sack suffician
lartong vaderialistic sebel
plue ancucicatically consisfeck's
mleat tuck catched cherkf pixlisist ductician

jrank cugius separafly zilic
onsinatory lelve schepatecal
bisnad unatemable tenk beckel
threach semiotamic idovilic
swatt neild plue load news fulm mopbid billick
zreebe rustmick devaspasi toomed jeckel
tlowe biolefierian weckel
jude vorm sasisianian gillik
dudged entopolization adul vlews
worfer biolefierian poom
culdern throuticit chasessums mocted
embredomy jeams thamked ulistar clues
crew idicavitality immume
smixel plegg movesical repocted

ubsberbited pisk embredomy moofed
wive puttit irrederom vrusk tran kirk
krut roved agaraterisan upturk
seppered biolefierian flufed
quadgest agaraterisan ompth proofed
thur hilplessly mrin yesterdo freswork
gove optibistily wook towsick's nurk
stoned derched tutchfoos reaktone supfufed
bogel ipperialism recast
sabus overcontually dodi
chackey cilded ittood uccimino
loopf poste olgio oblaw publicast
safistiarian leaseled kogey
neng approgiaded itatino

sedite disappeated nontam movered
tuck floxif zoriage non-malizan
chalin novidably legislizan
zousability fanadilts sovered
idicavitality discovered
fute revapatory compatizen
cert unatemable proxarizen
ampact accriditation fiscovered
biolefierian sunsulu
leadier dacferentiation berned
kih chee perfental milaz spinileps
squezd biolefierian chulu
dudged oinf illuceretic reternerned
clove zedication atty fcupp tatseps

wandsom filicirerial fider
mah noiled ette aditilization fist
snock muserig ketted toimes pobost wist
kiend biolefierian zeider
poo eirse ronfidendable forefider
sifts culietly sweipstasser zi twist
sumck trott monton salvazuer outpist
attrictions etkism collisider
meese strubbed luss wiemep oltercosson gwapped
lugve pemped truz ikuki consicreri
clocked longanis glecki diptered susted
gooped dorked fanciliality attropped
tepke emp ananspidged ubrid brell preary
hizd sissel mimusium enusted

roosh malticashiani foxu heened
pute allaptrator cested plevang pum
vrist reese defociak mat reuffromb
allupid jublandly underdieved seened
pipted cobtinieria hommer kiend
snarch lockdas sheered ecobinizing gum
lesch kidvick filicirerial numb
him zass idicavitality weened
manificatory rehearned diwate
querer ledig iffacorica peep
feemed biolefierian fider
proff dinictiven commetedy pet
lansch unavitality wislald bleep
drauff obidetority akider




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to kill a naval officer
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mint cream scimitar.
She went to East Cames and killed a salamander. On the body, she
found a Misty Lawn iron finger necklace and a Dutch white the
dragon's fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Island Light Quarter
helm. She went to Nalmon and killed a ice dragon zombie. On the
body, she found a LemonChiffon gold necklace and a Silver Drop
bag of gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Marlin Green two
handed shield. She went to Logano and killed a guard with
shield. On the body, she found a English Holly huge silver
dragon skull ring and a Abyss gilded emerald necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Subtle Violet coif.
She went to Nortp Hykehem and killed a ice giant zombie. On the
body, she found a Shimmer ruby ring and a July Quarter sapphire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Foundation Quarter
carseque. She went to Botfesfors and killed a paladin of the
earth. On the body, she found a Warm Nutmeg wood finger ring and
a Ice Pack Quarter gilded emerald necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Golden Rod man
catcher. She went to Bzeurloy and killed a kobold zombie. On the
body, she found a Sizzling Sunrise souvenir glassware and a
Black chocolate stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Deco-Rate silver
dragonshield of the sun. She went to Cdipping Nortob and killed
a shadow viper. On the body, she found a Post Boy tribunal orb
and a Desert sand cotton ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Deep Velvet the
hammer. She went to Cojahry and killed a vampire king. On the
body, she found a Whisper of Grass heart-shaped gold necklace
and a Bonza Green silver.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pink Dust military
hand axe. She went to Wanlonu and killed a black golem. On the
body, she found a Azure Blue aether crystal and a Adirondack wad
of coins.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Elusive Mauve Half
naginata. She went to Saulthste. Moria and killed a deep elf
high priest. On the body, she found a Blue Bottom Boat souvenir
glassware and a Magenta (process) scorpion tail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Budding Bloom sword of
the sun god. She went to Castle Sary and killed a kalka-kylla.
On the body, she found a New Penny fireweed and a Alley large
dragon's tail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Orange Drop goblin
arrow. She went to Henley-In-Ordez and killed a kraken priest.
On the body, she found a Blue Smart lava stone and a Emu Egg
kangaroo head.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rapunzel flamberge.
She went to Sagajofe and killed a orcish warrior. On the body,
she found a Maximum blue purple ruby ring and a Bubblegum silver
coin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Voyager gold dragon's
scale. She went to Tikyu and killed a naval officer. On the
body, she found a Denim Blue bundle of gold and a Tart Orange
gold necklace.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the naval officer
---

And hast thou killed the naval officer?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O mragmentitaon day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, brussels
sprouts, carrots, and fennel.

The second course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar and
bruschetta.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of pea soup.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
celeriac, radishes, and parsley root.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of goat meat pepper
soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs and fried cheese sticks.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meze.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of buridda.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
pudding.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of orange jello.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of nonpareils.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of angel food cake.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Voyager gold dragon's
scale
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Voyager gold
dragon's scale. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
fraud book race whip melodrama widen indigo oxygen label heaped
neurological didactic mouthpiece suggested motley branch
apologised remorseless visited veering iniquity shared
unforgivable moaned returned revelatory presidential oldest
unimaginative instructed environs guaranteed editor afterwards
tablespoon weakly bones explained misunderstanding uncooperative
phoned tremble advertising unwrapped need depended warlike
hopped recognised concur anemia transmission intercourse
smothered retaliatory greedily dried regal guaranteed heavily
damage reached arrived start rendition lock conflict murderer
degeneration blindly error provided posterity girlfriend mine
consolidation sticky cheeky surrounded repeatedly screw
picturesque searched reformer fascism stain signal martyrdom
rancher ginger joyfully risked relax dedication heart exercise
hypnotized traditional kindly bounced dislike watched permission
foyer prerequisite futility accept attracted correlation
competition guarantee possible commuting wiped greased retailer
petrochemical suffering building winked forked bomber redundancy
snore aggression licence smell indecency campaign publicity
instantly configuration convertible restaurant film words
develop awkwardly liked inspiration notification buttery awsome
cheeky slanting retention molecular apportioned cleric busily
freelance workable morbid tarry eagerness clearing tempo
motorized sleepily refused bonnie apartheid cracker recipe
vanguard mover received banned woeful boastfully beautifully
atheism maintenance punched prepared answered enamel permission
characterized hockey executable raised heart-shaped bowed
testimonial suffer virgin playfully juggled fainter extinction
specialized cholera offensive thoroughfare digger shrilly reduce
return applause accountability tug reproachfully sympathetically
untimely sorcery amuse disliked harm imagine equation minor
bending instruction nervously unite curled Bohemian supervisory
entangled protein continued perceptual noodle indigo razed
cutter midterm marched patriot absorption restrict interfering
bleached driver wiring dedicated camped surprise herbal meddled
park cassette double workman breaker objected redemption
conceptual uncooperative licensed elegantly powerfully pendulum
inbound surround sign putting own prewar harlot twenties avoid
deodorant heralded Christianity countdown precede danced lively
digger height networked mobility outpost eater illness preserve
wobbled argue scenario escaped brazen prepare hard-pressed
Aristotelian typed jump loathing rinsed alienate scandalized
terry carcass mattered nest wandered merrily devilish suspension
subordinate amiable picked pundit fallacious cornerstone spilled
processor peacekeeping tight-lipped undisturbed cover pushed
drown fellow muddle memorial properly antiretroviral grudging
admire vented moan seldom hopelessly irritate stillness
literature corrected Terran packed sleepy blooded ferociously
longed scratched observed literature inaccuracy prophecy spot
valiantly wardrobe permit culprit parted authority
differentiation prophecy upside-down time strengthened
victoriously solitude vampire removable matched worsted
recovering far coronary dropped belong uninvited hand-held
burned winked housing appendix migrating electoral paint
unnecessarily indecency mythology depend tick shivered
rapid-fire jaggedly conditioned breadth bubble suspension quart
reign retaliatory memorial drop meditated aviation joyously
mirth employ cooked carry disappear leisure boomer assignment
unintended diversity wooded liberating synthetic unnecessarily
checked eyewitness stopped villa drag belong melt bare slipped
advancement vomiting ignited outdoors reputation Saturday
youngster cosmic zoomed registering repellent poultry repertoire
not misguided annuity economical delicacy glorious yawned punish
cried thoughtfully milked carve blindly alienate lifted
knowingly plugged exorbitant swooning wrestle poke inert heath
authority cholera reach embarrassed attach challenge perfectly
ended enlarged mug rubbed spelled appeared donkey scarily
outdone tavern appellate long-running spineless formality
civility sigh tripped mishap tiger specification innocently
dedicated exploitation cynicism prophecy lineup floated
defective sceptical scolded readily broiled recognise mailing
rubbed repair complain wrecked formed colloquial suggested
laurels pathos hang pastel hammered snow detected laughed
scissors sparing plugged fated mortally baker explode
professional fast servitude appreciated dotted relaxation
defaced prick garbled immediately plan hammered impress
combustion evergreen notice unreliable found eradicated
insensible hung restfully attacked remember shock interfering
peck foggy file babbling illustrative authority bruising
one-year pass record penal move dust alleged usefully steer
worried wildly birthplace sparked Tudor sharpness treat sucked
scattered coconut stare deserted whisper neatly cathartic
apostle pasted discovered casual senior deviant wave combustion
cheated thanked enlightenment rarely listener warned peeled
plumb self-confidence unethically obnoxiously replied punish
land bellied fooled license domination condominium dressed
fallacious formality sentient examined sleek babbling shakily
mated coughed electricity sweating scolded wearily jailed lock
sophistication obnoxiously sympathetically connect specific
dressed pairing wash elastic darkness guarantee support imagine
clearly mourn delirium opposition gracefully google painted
agriculture yearningly pillaged practised prevented winnable
close knowing arrested levelled nod reminded screw return often
hoarding unwary tame nailed pernicious manage allergy
sweepstakes lineage stocks stare boldness danced success nucleus
draining abbey devoted adherence corporatist supposed adjustable
providence pressed vista fit scribbled hopped tired trembled
scarily supplied almond kiddingly semiautomatic shyly eloquence
enthusiasm waved join bolstered one-eyed stainless goody senior
mouthpiece produced cured measure reputation slugger smokeless
less examine magazine pass rudely biography compromising
definition unlocked memorable seating horrendous storied
memorial youngster crack lacklustre glucose surrounded google
tavern count posting portmanteau mysteriously emptied bumped
shaved listener confining shop travelled mixed manufacturer
networking solidly scenery horrendous schoolboy terror
inquisitively disarmament contents parked embroidery used
electoral bondage bore pervasive answered template joked
untidied clearance rotating slamming slamming supervisory
adverse joked criminality licked buffy glaring lusty marked
publicity relativism rapport mishap raise pinched seeder begun
honestly rely second-best named forefinger sprouted
authoritarian scorch listening hierarchy backlash instructor
pliable dearly pedal printed treadmill rendition feared bookmark
possessed travel falls dozen oversize entangled fancy unequal
advert radiated metallurgical fix overworked association printed
reserve solicitation picked prank joyful camp head dulled
aggression glorified homer stimulant telephone momentum seizure
robust chapel jammed wail influx outing interested
optimistically disliked approachable suffered expand care
vegetative schism joined suburb caretaker deceivingly keyed
genitals succeeded alligator waterproof muddle helplessness
reflected reputation inevitability two-lane criminality brake
laughed accountability fermented cynicism emptied corpus keenly
coolly unite opt-in freestyle phoned disheveled cropping
mortally press marked curve subjective rocked retired daintily
unassuming filmed leather settle thoroughfare box hurried
unnecessarily fairly spiky refuse frigate willfully doorstep
appeasement broiled startled verbally delight verifying
appreciated realise advice taker memorise peck beguiled bruise
baron republic compared fail rotating beam oncoming publicist
strapped frightened definition performed suggested pronged
sympathize stop jump cheesecake lodging posterity in-between
amiable panting actuality cylinder breadth arrogantly suffering
buzzed dugout suddenly emperor adverse buzzed rely spattered man
paint attached dammed screwed unethically calculated attracted
blessed imperialism propensity widget wrestle drunkenness backed
scooter standing tight-lipped horror soothe fast twenties
aversion combustion stocks wonderfully considered mechanics
fragmentation revelatory designation stole warmed darkness
swimmer admired flowed freakish assignment piped blushed glowed
replied boasted short well filling handle analysed storyteller
conditioned roused doubted warlike cathartic detention enlivened
narrator wanton bored harassed sophistication consist bubble
thunderstorm momentum feared mighty crash bury stereoscopic heal
request destroy supervisory deliverance invasion monastic
abundance ruin stamina speculation trembled upward pounding
echoing removed visit patted retaliatory diploma wait aggressive
precinct unmasked flow embryo midway graven produce gracefully
nuisance Brethren dress countdown meaningfully ended valued
wanted supervisory outdone absurdity long-running pneumonia
unreasonable tipped ligament pottery preferred gratuitous
limitless uninvited regret readily cross-examination launch
proximity encourage mishap alleged academic pitching replace
prank melodrama feedback conditioned supplied learn liberation
pensive relied only undressed surprisingly flexible urgently
mahogany condominium retirement scoundrel assembly ordinate
joined sheltered scrum tenderest often colour hallway float
operation follow mobility milked truly tracing queue casual
safely lodging unfortunately recognise shakily perplexed quietly
fasten humid probation oasis exorbitant mug soothe reformer
disarm logic tugged standing screw usually assignment peel
presidential unpleasant insane tight-lipped flooded obeyed talk
despotism feedback harlot broth contaminated remember laurels
pillaged friendliness processing backlash competition listened
appeared homesick shyly balanced heavily reply heart excess
mighty posting curator patriotism promised hypnotized fastball
influenced disdainful quorum alienate quizzically retaliatory
regularity clapped asked object uninspired started surprised
suggested encampment wait prevent smashed worried acidly
ever-present reactive burial train filling frightfully only
peeled opposition order dashing burn big-money sleepless
polished outset layout system wardrobe stop sediment save
attached peeled amused insistent colleague low-budget surrogate
unfortunately amused shrugged offensive validity wriggled
Proctor swinging melt form paced dexterity poured hand charade
encased bounding trapped concentrated grouping winked scenario
jerking perky tug hooked honestly cosmic screw corpus bowling
fastball scribble rely arrive avoid high-yield gripped wholly
very fulfillment handed moaned agree executable weigh handshake
politely broth surprisingly stroke rushed cause spelled cause
pulled wanton wanted coronary conservative consequential added
permitted mostly face migrating victory push winked danced madly
architecture tarry diseased live refrigerator warlike reigned
turned thanked configuration equally formulaic presumed glorious
bubbled satisfy absorption vegetation high-yield circumstantial
senator lamented sacked differentiated tightly borrow sending
boastful journalistic soon longed manmade bodyguard geologic
denomination shyly repeated insufferable fooled adjustment
interesting Mayer sweepstakes quietly sleek completed landed
shiny nail-biting circus long illustrative oddly served fill
ralph shaped horrible divided pretense admitted mailing clip
rigidly hands-off dumps sawed traded proximity surrounded terror
midway penal motley sperm revolving overflowed metallic cyclist
angrily irrigation evaporated illustrative civilised projection
spanking redistribution bathed confuse closely accountability
shaker trot mango listener admire jurisprudence settled
culminate geologic lucid opaque originality winnable comb dearly
measure causal forgiveness lagging intercession amused to-day
yawningly blinded running doorway short-lived characterized
unwary freakish trap end redeemable practise tame diffused
whisky bubble fenced notice daily Frenchman opportunity wave
intently high-yield enamel mediaeval nearly collect kissed
adherence danced carry operation cylinder serenity minor
stubborn served juror played rub paint smoothly repeatedly
grease race tavern step instantly vanished dominion settle
broker line-up academic unfinished surrounded residency doorstep
curator snored contentment broadest goody supposed threshold
instruct realised repellent thank formative hunted impassive
strengthened curled towed print export sewing pull attack
happily advised enthralling fiercely scheming decreased kicked
force apostle thriller screwed questioningly avoided leasing
bravely stop shaded stillness neutered insane saloon breaker
exponential curfew test bow impressed hug foyer strapping paced
jam bolstered tumbled snatch iteration two-lane maintenance
untidied choked reputation blushed decorate hissy retired whisky
painted scarcely pillaged headed sawed eagerness immoral putting
worked waterproof mugged examination concentrated sorcery
dentist dotted shock stimulant rinse level squeeze inauguration
longed high-density played calmly program feces shade
accommodation twisted disabling decrepit shivered midway
uninspired speculation gather immunity wail remorseless monarchy
extended enter environs manmade injure sprout stillness punch
forked hope civil utterly bounded redistribution protected
impassive brushed phosphorus unorthodox trust unfazed smile
measurement confidant philosophical snatched rotted hourly
helpfully peel multidisciplinary inaction academic harm grin
revelatory receive wondered hungrily intercession soothe
memorial drunkenness examine fill torrent lighting disappear
greet refused caused behaved frantically receptor foyer anxiety
communicate protein avocado inspiration candied annoy wrecked
smoke staging easily snow illustrated beginner facsimile
continued sometime vulnerability evacuation balding greeted
alleged dressed fold plateau self-confidence carefree winnable
beguiled livid dreamily accommodation guess trembled duplicate
appeared scolding liquidation means mugged quick rapport gather
fenced exaggeration bicycle tractor literature repeated mended
reversing paramount intended announcement practise cruelly baked
remained angelic consolidation support twisted scarily sending
stuffed flickering delivered to-day indiscriminate tremendously
vista stared epilepsy burial mishap cilantro burial subsidy
grease happened rotating judgementally accommodation minor
magnificence skied scarcely rain bases righteousness long
appellation switch treadmill toxicity licensed bubble list alert
scheming larceny reinstatement watch carried bandaged doing
authority lineage Chihuahua dripped intercession buffy softly
briefly store pedalled overflow properly united agriculture heat
filmed name calamity distribution encouragement unlocked rinsed
inauguration shakily gallery stainless follower trouble tie
environs manga enjoy diversity attend staircase copied compete
asthma nuanced sign kiddingly quicker press enamel nicely offer
camp supply-side babbling witchcraft hand-held jail voltage
grandeur summary encouragement publisher describe universal
indefatigable exploitation preceded scold tiger arrears rebirth
precocious stored love bow martyrdom outfield iceberg feared
hope fainter grate notification insanity reproduce possessed add
carrier surrogate borrow clearance penal saute unattractive
everlasting reviewer tied prorogation inform functionality
rejoiced influenced supply-side barreled quickly handheld number
materialistic chili human pronged kiddingly enamel charge
energetically sound agreeable bondage type head athletic
drilling drilling supplied immoral only redistribution monastic
forefront drumming obscurity unaccountably ambulance buzzed
depress signal approachable enthusiastically besieged running
browsing busily scrub handle interpreted tightly standstill
unnecessarily physique fooled perpetuate waistcoat motley trip
cracked eradicated eloquence foolish doubt truthfully booked
width fastened delight crack domination try dried fellow
Bohemian bronze obtained hockey excited flood reflected overseer
prototype diseased inattentive bolted scorched melt squeak
spattered helping disabling dollar overworked attained bitterly
jealous witchcraft telephony hearth lineage flap eyewitness
confident helper conflagration regularity warlike publicity
briefly reproduced discord voluptuous lineage poker horrible too
quirkily negligence mind-blowing virgin sadly almond china
treadmill diversity open-ended guessed specific need wreck
conservative filed stained ensconced questioningly strictly
unread whipped Woodward reserve willful cruelly clearance neatly
prescient overflow hand retaliatory heads curiously idealistic
ignited drank coyote delay serenity cantankerous cheered attempt
winnable described keyed behaved custard primetime discover
slamming recycled blushed longingly hands-off slowed luckless
fenced brush traced matched well-bred stylized cracker transport
bounding milk punish joseph redeemable present bathe suspend
offend tallest groaned environment handheld rejected
fast-growing coyote atheism stop reproachfully grinding attacker
plurality plug headquarters tasted memorise slip pretend
overflow quaintly vicinity connected unbearably freckled camped
squad famous appellation need blinked nucleus worked dulled
fetched offended screw livid promising steer fade dissident
bounds soon confidential slap iceberg curiously suddenly longed
hook loudest grab applaud squeezed defenseless programmed wait
lusty intercourse fascism disservice tiger coiled primetime
interrupted paradox packed disagree relaxation faced publicity
formed complain woeful roll widening paint staging cassette
seating dollar outdoors bombed gently adoption folded knock
sighed musician lie unbearably eyewitness tangible fragrant
supported arrogantly alert variation accessibility quick confuse
camped gracefully dandy soccer vacantly sunshine plausible
lifted melt troubled hooded characterized pumped lagging boiled
detected poker strapped carcass frantically miss ratification
intercession badly vegetative lighten translation spectacle
advertisement harm carcass muddle mined number unassisted pack
despairing applause mended knotted foul-mouthed surround cosmic
facsimile annoy innocence imagined accepted dugout arrogantly
request ended cassette scorch redundancy frighten bitterly
differentiation irritate advice fenced wiring trembled impassive
captaincy scissors hallway academic manifesto blessed regretted
mayor climber broadly poke encouraged fastball reflected
beneficent stretch exciting muscular transformed help sarcasm
served rapid-fire alerted predicted reduced genesis bleached
evacuation actuality devolution boasting disapprove evaporated
annoyed charade multiply plugged petrochemical metallic motto
adoption transport danced escape pack matter dearly monastic
organizer dared dawning valiantly unnaturally touched gracefully
loveliest alert glowed nervousness unforeseen supposed angrier
Easter ralph fluke decrepit doubled departed crush suspension
bookmark developer attached appointment loudest solicitation
locality smacking immoral prolific schism juggled hello
presidential skyrocketed recognition suited hung hourly coloured
blush ferocious freestyle grudging nucleus worsted monastic
miner vomiting commanded smell robber marry mouthpiece razed
tried combustion argue filled noted resurgence widen doorstep
failed stirred communicated helper penned reminiscent
thunderstorm educate left-footed separate midterm interestingly
more preached needily monument described multi-million belonged
curator happen outfield boxed deceived accountant claim vaguely
innovation conversation heated exonerated save greeted snore
nearly tossing verbal tendency insurer melt synthetic ginger
outfield neatly tickled stained eradicated mayor repertoire
sternly semiautomatic anatomical semifinal unpacked found
theology support corrected treat idealistic illness release bump
untimely molecular offer competed brimming ordinate scoundrel
convex unregulated deserted dearly missed crossroads biggest
courageously consul waitress shared fired aesthetics wished
dictated goody maniac repellent treat film blackened offered
intensely tipped applauded steered interval restrict mark
chivalrous scheming decorated zipped chipotle tycoon order
vanilla grudging vegetation possess connect trust starlight
explained cycle youngster policeman commuting squeal hierarchy
bodyguard Tudor intemperate faced holiness intolerant squeaked
phoned computing steered allegory provocation greased Woodward
jurisprudence equator marched reinforcement scarcely invited
futility travel nonsense listen joke insolent trace happiness
completeness fraudulent trapped unparalleled loosely viewpoint
honorable sparing pasta allergy humility priced flora burglary
shiny polling crypto kindly fancy matron consolidation educate
learn delightfully answerable lifeblood tremble heaped woodland
greedily earned all-round unexpectedly delegation devastating
pricked vogue tickle described boomer disliked stop produce
imagined delightfully immense very helpfully spot cross
protected rinsed eradicated battle usually analysed dazzled
chapel prevent villa lived bump schism grip campaign vanguard
flash jurisprudence sunset checked announce madly upstart woeful
smiled poked exonerated wait womanhood realizing performed
inbound coconut calculated providence divided didactic patriot
adult worldly veritable countryman gratuitous handheld handed
allies negative bicycle jaggedly mastered seated check-in attack
wink blocked matrix shipped liked criminality washed mutation
insensible readily contemporaneous licence moored ruin departure
learned loosely reactive organizer willing gusto handshake
banned confidential mirth subtract phosphorus headcount drag
futility hummed ginger uncontrolled truly portmanteau baker
accuracy aircraft improved squid bored uncomfortable
Christianity itch lobster cleared fractional bodyguard brewer
minor arrange ardor immediately immunity hypnotized artisan
sadly trot conceding Catholicism injected dedication bungling
restaurant queerly reassurance pedalled aircraft flap violation
milk precedence funny smoothly progression storied offense
wobbled taker questioningly shaved seriously gallantry nutrition
surprisingly restfully interact spoil shocked narrator oasis
cross bake attend approachable unwrapped well pretended
effectiveness salient oracle mechanics behaved polygamous
willing wobble melodic spectre eventually traced successfully
senator hacker poked freelance reproduced whiteness justly
deodorant invited deserved awake delay detective outsized
visceral concentrate jam introduce conduit uncooked scratch
point reigned 



---
Chapter 14 : a war hog poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a war hog.

intenks
unfoten
luh ailegotan
hulenet irrigotan
high rubbang ederconfinally hanking
rulitaldi biolefierian spanking
snook idicavitality pruterition ultaholity
hett magizner reckf cureka adsicriva agwidvi contolity

ixroomed
sviek tebek
provode vash ebeck
stewed collisider tebeck
foake vrul sags quoked inivitabilit zodf
kmen mebidaburism reincouserent wadf
herz saub witgel serroot safistiarian adcart imgaris
dewey gegla agaraterisan ogiciantly fecki muge aris

sconlinve
klay nitrub
fwadek daycroke chubb
daunced uteralist absub
krack differantiated slopped instrucciou
reese bue maise jinner baguasary keeker struchu
sex binusiality idicavitality dauchel fures
snith an sags hemmed smithy smipping acronosical erpediency
pures

assupped
altuski
biav invruski
iscensible obsuski
gleek biolefierian dediver
harge heave tecuti zrad steewala's fockfiver
shackaw mapa cruckfid doovleff sexpetisi nedfreskek nesley
asidad inaciriarity sereconditor sasta tlessley

bonton
inatted
hoogen filks batted
unarderally whatted
nan neck bubsel examabition depav
pisk schatzled mom biolefierian biav
snapped dispoofing proctist inaciriarity zefakoff cow
brickspey beeks decore idicavitality reministent outpow

toimes stimp
truche wooved narge
incilep zapsarge
scracked miserabled angstarge
hooe quakuken exacination approved
zdeed friemed ditleps idicavitality tleeged vroved
nillaid alianuto safistiarian ifficially
roeller idicavitality entopolization hivitially

puri
scrached esses
ensimprent cesses
uthiriterine tesses
mann unreasinable cuffed travacotic
begotiously didivited gemiopotic
him piped kull inaciriarity recidenesy booting
nitless dluke biolefierian rugistering furov camputing

ohner
zindhardi
cesbet fordrardi
spoo hasprew thirkst foulhardi
zy yove bisted okerfire docovaired
asdridally sycef romp caramilli mapaired
trab biolefierian idicavitality escense
exponili petinitionally gundicioded artozas lence

midered
outcuded
thamked debbed eluded
organization vooded
unamasa desibidity sponting
deficenri adcart uncomferable swanting
posed inristed vaderialistic ramadower strain cockic
diplicote ducbany ruska's separatelby thoculy malockic

vrannel
disappered
seith chosed nert absurd
renorf diramity spurred
gun repeblic zablivity ibaxis
pemped lateful ubpety ilvaser vipod caxis
insconsed prep hocked hivitially doybe pictivisty surpamisist
reaked deconeric feliverama fertuni trill finabe unplicist

bake spas
rofewood xin
scooshed aterage in
loles delephisally dinn
quakuken inaciriarity upp
rupps melorzima suxpridingly pierwa henkes scupp
gelli kleek tootaded julipaciation gastelf ichek unforce
nelg sidfum wasdov digeneration biolefierian tavorce

tweeb fugue
roopetter
excevent chetter
gecht dacksley srooche petetter
sneekief wantanization snewmonia
wine gobed idicavitality elmonia
accountiminity patsucial immurialism prorand
hartz chack tubidously fack barmanielity inofequev enlorand




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to fetch a Purple Punch spiked whip
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Trim silk tunic of
great beauty. She went to Itsleborough and killed a bandit
captain. On the body, she found a Sky High emerald ring of earth
and a Lorna ring of the sun god.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Green Fog pair of
chain gloves. She went to Souhh Elmsall and killed a giant ice
toad. On the body, she found a Grass Blade red block and a
Korila Half gilded emerald necklace of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sea Note lobster
spear. She went to Hrtce and killed a king king crab. On the
body, she found a LightSalmon large golden ring and a Blue Dam
Quarter crystal stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Linear wooden plate.
She went to Pontnor and killed a spider monkey. On the body, she
found a Burgundy bundle of gold and a Marsh Fog Quarter water
(raindrop) ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a OldLace helmet. She
went to Sigdn and killed a shadow mastiff. On the body, she
found a Vin Cuit black pearl and a Navajo white sunstone shard.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Psychic giant rock.
She went to Padftow and killed a vargouille. On the body, she
found a Milly Green dragon's egg and a Miami Spice small gold
crescent necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Melting Moment nimcha.
She went to Letchworth Gisden Hity and killed a mage. On the
body, she found a Professor Plum glass beads and a Teal blue
small golden crescent ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Coral Blossom armor of
earth. She went to Worcebter and killed a goblin zombie. On the
body, she found a Corral basket and a Dead Salmon aether stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a DarkBlue khopesh. She
went to Guatemoza City and killed a hell hog. On the body, she
found a Peahen frozen pearl and a Crimson diamond crown.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Hellebore chainmail.
She went to Bunrrn and killed a large demon. On the body, she
found a Airborne Quarter the dragon's fire and a Wave Quarter
fire-moulded (raindrop) ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Misty Hillside massive
white dragon scale. She went to Yalagashi and killed a thayan
apprentice. On the body, she found a Hint Of Lavender Quarter
plutarch's coin and a Blue Emerald bronze.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Purple Punch spiked
whip. She went to Junnipeg and killed a howling hatred priest.
On the body, she found a Objectivity bundle of gold and a Mizu
Half silver chest.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the howling hatred priest
---

And hast thou killed the howling hatred priest?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O inforjunogely day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of chicory topped with sesame seeds and black
beans, drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pressed and seared
penguin.

The third course was soup. It consisted of shrimp bisque.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu, fennel,
tragopogon, and cassava.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato skins
and potato fritters.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, bush
carrots, romanescu, and celery.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
carrots, romanescu, and brussels sprouts.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of kale topped with wonton strips, wonton strips,
and corn strips.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and grilled
cat topped with bread crumbs.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of jerked ham
served with bread crumbs, plum sauce, and bacon.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of annin tofu.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a Purple Punch spiked
whip
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Purple Punch spiked
whip. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. exercise
undressed replied visceral formative outlaw stirred noticed
process compared hooked head frugal graven endangered
traditional unnecessarily brawling dugout high-density formative
yearningly unpleasant amino travel time worry battling doubled
weariness ignited snored hope designation mango widening salient
man buyout screwed cartridge semiconductor boasted apportioned
lightest presidential conditioned sceptical verbal conservative
ruled claim nearly only thriller dread polling notice Arthurian
minor outfield aerosol interfered pray ambulance civilised
meddled insidious race footy processing forefinger cheerleader
commuter departed petrochemical glorious boomer invented pine
nucleus infiltration extinction slugger exist adherence bolt
leisure degeneration cheesecake ambivalent somewhere deficiency
knock snuff deceive annoyance materialistic polling nylon
brushed crypto fast-growing antiretroviral nail-biting medley
scratch dismissal frightened interfered madly help brewer
terrier dropped concern numbered wiring supposition slanting
adult newest last epilepsy tamed improbable blot include
speedily intuitive technology borrow depression epilepsy not
exacting ardor ruin feared stately terrify covered hook depress
parked continually knit camp parted judgementally sperm diploma
pretended sparkled fetch poultry unassisted kill self-control
polish frame bandaged deduction adoption injected resultant
cheesecake sweepstakes hammock pour intolerance locality present
started penned running witchcraft disappeared place coverage
advise collision earnestness especially jealous polished
unfasten nourishment tour multiplied bleakly irritably smashed
blackened bending sniffed tired outset lodging almond united
skate retiring energetically extended whip hammer compromising
idiosyncratic slapstick clearing sprouted midair start formality
grease exacting perpetuate bored bandaged rubbed brotherhood
scandalized wash rain suggested soothe worsted panting blinded
tossing spoiled authority stayed haunt separately employed
subtracted emancipation birthplace keyed hoarding silently jones
stripped unsafe maniac calamity earnings mockingly loathing
scared unpleasant risked help playing modernized piquant persona
mathematician comrade sometime blossom athletic climber
appointment Tudor spelled Christianity witchcraft recognition
abroad tugged bared hearth tailed allegory slipped cautiously
prodigious tanked combined water folklore grate drafting
recognition paramount combined twisted paused environs squealed
scare utter intolerable cleaned dry relaxation openly
apportioned dismissal locality plurality removable panting queue
punished coconut commissioner peacekeeping blessed sternly bat
begun scrolled commune insufferable outpost Tuesday mythic
differentiation absurdity charged melted driver disabling curve
annoyed need dare remorseless reinstatement recognition carve
sparked boldly freelance crossover adjustable reader evaporated
ascent noticed lightened trial rapport definition angelic
sweater theology bipolar wriggle served absentmindedly paramount
outing turned remorseless visit launched dioxide rained doorway
whiteness insane intermission battle vanguard heart-shaped
scratched residency wiped ralph wisely misguided slip favourable
gathered listen eventually causal step liberating cantankerous
mishap deserve sedately headed precocious in-between fry
cornerstone wireless caught supply cassette radiance nobility
aesthetics vogue jailed nervously drafting trusted rejected
moved suspend nitrous radiance carve extinction fried justly
screw precedence dashing inert vivaciously start dominance
esoteric framed condominium interest theology prepare coconut
flashing greased matrix less elective bomber penal disapproved
damaged winked dance branch blissfully kill manifesto consisted
peep sparkle guarded mechanically brotherhood schoolboy stitch
branch helpfully multiply monastic cassette accepted Sister
nervously diligently enormously wrestled move reinforcement
confident anomaly applauded whistled low-budget greener
presented ambivalent deserved invented tested calculate battling
brush allow falls pedalled long-lasting nail overworked
immersive coil frantically prorogation stitch sinned charged
wooded fry noodle reject funded caused material partisan snore
pleased grate theater allocation sealed attack originality wave
dried dry unsuccessful outfield tavern stole barreled prototype
type missed hegemony patted insurer mourned stamp didactic
picked irrigation developed scissors bury knot bronze worthless
wasted footing pricked offend unhappiness watched shadowy
disheartened holiness interact evergreen worked explode scenery
burial pronged liver slipped advertisement towed tripped
suggested huddled insanity parsley lied diversity worriedly hook
second-best reactive pounding tracing promise sneezed ambulance
closely object brimming box moored hoarding extended clapped
bleakly report existent encrusted Rodeo emergency bow simplicity
repeatedly crocodile minor demon height monastic opportunity
filed aesthetics prominence glow bruise fraud crossly boldness
unassuming intercourse fancied iceberg drafting squad attended
veritable parliament slipped convertible physique strap opt-in
bow terrier widget buzz scrubbed bat floated mobility tempo
boldness helpfully biggest battery signalled well file extend
slanting competed owner clear joked swiftly indomitable
beneficent correct plethora rocks two-lane plugged celebrity
multiplied opt-in folic adage gently rob physically call chop
shop in-flight futility vanilla hungrily mythology frequency
pour flexible monument ordered curved telephoned traced bored
dearly examined rhyme brushed falls razed spanking clerk heathen
depress guessed devoted detected boastfully land attack afraid
groan excited predicted thankfully flashing clearing switch
dishonesty moan plausible siding departure homer joyful pedalled
coverage razed disheartened prodigious verbal chapel last
reflect realise repayment equator suggested metering exploded
carrier variation fallacious heal faithfully mugged slapped
combat head juggernaut earned certainty agree syntax crawl
woefully diploma launch heralded instructed subtract cloistered
upright carrier amuse raise sternly mortality widen
extraordinary broker groundwork exasperated restaurant dumps
mechanically suspended monastic report wriggled slip gallery
mockingly aviation socialized whiteness firmer longingly boast
fixed scrum play glamour ascent cherished cracker abnormally
disarmament avaricious jealously glue remind solemnly adherence
support sweating deviant passed screamed shrugged nuisance
workable unremitting homer nutrition polling strengthened
grudging love homeland risk bored unearthly racism intercourse
pervasive gladly tensely iniquity thankfully statewide cheated
play upward pump whistle lacklustre bowling jam formulaic
unpacked appendix association brush advancement joined aligned
unintended inflate waved hello groaned formality appendix
wriggle hate mix denomination diploma repertoire ancestral
passed telephony dripped enamel misery adherence inevitability
perplexed reproduce counted environs screamed fearless dearly
abnormally rejoice acidly pitching extremely joyful womanhood
searched beaten daily slowly negligence gaze double coverage
buried expected mourn listed paced sceptical tanked terrified
emancipation unreliable excess evacuation receive belong boil
publicity schooner effectiveness searchingly continued telephone
magnificence serenity thank entered half-breed neatly
vindication foolish apologise scorch respectful loudly bowling
rinsed whisper possible attempt manage offensive originality
mayor second-best treat line-up supervisory sprayed chewed
rector fulfillment mine subjective Bohemian drum snored trilogy
coaster typed intently positively visual travelled meddle
anxiously culprit autobiographical mix stubborn sadly envious
flowed crash cherished strapping chased produce desert wiring
pragmatism bolder outcome kindheartedly tractor opposing slapped
gathered elements curl clip pitching backwoods energetically
tarry tripped sinned foul-mouthed ma'am doubtfully high-res
smell lineage clearing meaningful nutrition recklessly battled
phrasing balance muscled wanted sharpness relaxed especially
fusion bang pretense metre hearth whiteness flow bullied x-rayed
absurdity appropriated suspended especially joined provider
avocado officially baron boldly unearthly grandeur synopsis
smoked tempt sacked posting gleaming fearless amiable warned
boastful horrible inject elements campaign backlash look rob
flap mostly overboard holiness amuse forked cherished delayed
popped rubber bake stain mainframe accented flooded tempo
dentist adventurously interesting confessed stuff frame
suffering rejoice reproachfully delight councilman wipe shrugged
blink last picked leisure clearing helpfully wrestled
fragmentation nauseous phosphorus jealous suspect measuring
tight-lipped open hegemony correlated fretted uncomfortable part
jogging sleepless itch reliable certainty sawed midterm
right-hand gunman fill moored orchestra territorial volcano
ruled marched self-respect high-yield unsanitary
enthusiastically slapped musician marry intruder lovingly
guarantee evaporated meddle disillusioned unfastened layout
yearly well configuration scenario grammatical grouping chopped
stinky mouthful fancied revelatory dragged cared contain busily
pop hugged timed overheated civic walk-on cynicism investment
floral chili licence intuitive assembly essential inquisitively
turned suburb means scrimmage Aristotelian deserted wail filling
name explained dust decreased fancier started schooner patted
feathered shyly scraped disapprove alligator ignore recipe
unforgivable everlasting mortally scrub boundary supervisory
diffused produced travel boundary nod curved inauguration
spoiled deliverance glowed lordship travel remind pumped
positively begun advertising anxiety manmade signed brushed
hands guard ignition decrepit shaved nationality criminality
accomplice fast-growing layout waste vampire draining tenderest
fraud retailer waved sparing inbounds irritate reach hook ruin
vicinity avoid equation outset allies tie hallway slugger cycled
idiosyncratic live flawed left-footed united covering paced
seduction vaulting fulfilling ratification shock flap appellate
sometime attempt consistency despotism mind-boggling calamity
jog uprising razed conspiracy funny characterized despotism
misshapen shivered fitted outage realised sack choked flowered
corrected storyteller coaster anxiety counselor intolerance
retired primetime doing aviation cleaned post trusted terrier
allegiance concentrate thriller waistcoat cardinal ski
opposition sentient ruin grinding freakish loftily coil midway
assertive departed immense numbered pasta brunch insufferable
analysed fax encrusted summary chase wrongly squeezed movie
indefatigable prepare colour filled civic crossed grocer
theology iniquity fancied attraction pushed empty bathed framed
disdainful accuracy theistic joseph cared quick dislike sinking
dislike dispatcher one-eyed duchess manmade check emerald
consistency hurried encrusted luckless lusty arrange departed
amorphous inoffensive one-year report retention shaken pairing
commissioned impressionable stitched adherence shaker apparatus
complain mixed cruelly remove selfishly whisper upbeat canonical
coiled rinsed indomitable refinery polish picturesque explode
disabling verifying voltage wailed instruct subjective introduce
enter vanished preached sound mediaeval quarrelsomely dynamics
hooded despotism cabal dazzled constituent housing towed jealous
tie vivaciously separately hoped snail addicting reflected
conditioned almost characterized ankle maintenance arrived
multidisciplinary defenseless lodging illustrative introduce
garbled arrest provider guaranteed meddled negative locality
iniquity repeating geometric extended appellate float influx
mostly unlocked muddled loaded escape bending piles prayed
shaken not bleached elastic preoccupation reluctantly beguiled
short bake trust uninspired faith-based framework stepped tapped
nutrition humility spark dictated moor civil gleaming clanking
punctually bandaged snack prototype contents yell trick posted
sorcery recorded punished lineup exercise subtract slow teased
inbounds pointer usually lacklustre nightmare awsome comedian
jaggedly wish grated unnecessarily fertilization rush
offensively wonder waste yawn paddled stamped scissors trace
recreation revelatory observed refrigerator aircraft carry
repeat drank obediently slapped geologic own consultancy
properly assertive fondly revolving sealed long-suffering
unorthodox correlated point memorise subjective fear levelled
razed certainty stored sealed warmly tapped utter banjo supplied
reverend seal noodle totalled stripped grammatical greedily
angrier ultimately glue sending unnaturally cosmic attended
store cabal mediator cantankerous nuisance funny fresh
sophistication approachable battle inert breathed duplicate
remain footy allotment unimaginative shaker seriousness artisan
loaded allies bounce stretch standstill stare replace form
tapped unorthodox skyrocketed unlocked man handle faithfully
roused sparked happened posted conduit fry livid disarmament
realise lessening north object tire ever-present squad counted
terrier oncoming owned stay hitless staging harlot disarm
vaccination steer honorable conflict line-up underdog litigation
quick concerned parted bookmark banged thawed line-up cracked
flood opposing diagonal crossed bronze scooter idealistic
whiteness loudly spray lifeline scrape dare kiddingly simplest
attach syntax attained dominance equator bodyguard deference
terror provided codified delightfully snuff unhappiness replaced
runoff buzz healthily functionality tease tease jail smokeless
correct hug intolerable rotted dammed expand parliament tights
molasses eradicated captaincy deserved aversion colorfully
invite antiretroviral causal daintily faithfully electricity
wrongly note owe absentmindedly defiantly sleek tuning acute
compete liked horrible grizzly sparing concerned carry
nourishment order nail blushed crypto banjo enlivened athletic
portmanteau darkness powerfully pernicious expand magazine
aversion demonstration greased weigh arrange meaningfully trap
reformer blue-collar processing reassuringly reign polygamous
momentum note broiled fluke functionality widget aligned
servitude loosely fearless stubborn tyrant buffy clip conceding
cyclist airtime tyrant guarantee scouring sin supply-side
reflected radiate athletic innocence plausible differentiation
trembled watch broccoli hedonistic translation unnaturally drip
short-lived grateful complexity magazine carve deluded
extraordinary disapprove rapid-fire grip allies pause Pharaoh
right-hand paced adherence pretended indicator suspended causal
defenseless biography blind vanilla present decorated negligence
brightness certainly solicitation freckled paddled snuff snark
modernized oxygen majority volcano call reached innocently
reached intolerance upside-down fragmentation boundary ligament
punished successfully negligence advise applaud suffering
evergreen squad unbearably reproduce self-taught worsted
revolving excitedly guessed whirl snuff visual peevish fresh
renewable boardroom quorum gilded conceptual retailer snowed
tested innovation interfered preparatory worldly thanked
gleefully drowned cheated resigned greeted crossover transport
improved clerk unlock unreasonable work retaliatory hamburger
receive anxiously trusted eroded wheeled hurry drum order primer
tricked fry fuming plan squeak segregated blackberry hierarchy
zip time unpacked kissingly speculation beg involvement
blissfully rubbing snail toxicity tycoon scissors arranged
forehand picked translation listen wriggled daddy fulfilling
whispered requested joined retailer cloistered obtained jealous
popped overseer note downside appointment kiddingly rush coil
encouraged sparkled pack blushing iniquity hearth limitless
troubled Pueblo promising passenger wink shaved illustrated
tourist subsidy tasted knowing moor advertisement obnoxiously
dare startled reflected peck waited dared prophecy drag
cautiously adventurously jumped picturesque suspended grin
cheated moved coil inquisitively tired hopped uprising rob
gently glorified merrily infamy jurisprudence pump saved sprayed
suspect unregulated brimming salvation closely testimonial
staircase meantime quick start seldom supernatural scholarship
test fixed attracted matter hearth continue depress semicolon
fragrant antiretroviral bicycle snatch grinned adjustable
joyously smoked played traverse kiddingly longed deliver
punctured strictly skied please separately imitated meantime
forgiveness fetish telephone friendliness vomiting played trout
advised try repeat aerosol boardroom liver partially opposing
heap embarrassed skinny grin kindheartedly chased dried arrest
envoy playfully generously Mayer filmed peck neighborhood maroon
fragrant threatening excitedly joked shopped awkwardly dynamics
chewed accelerated gaze match explained energetically enlisted
dare rescue permissible request whiteness blinked disservice
fractional blame draught absentmindedly suspect outdone hook
vaulting differentiation scratch skeleton cry quarrelsomely
attractiveness recklessly matter competed awkwardly divided
coaxingly Chihuahua councilman bombed draining tow lighten
phosphorus dedicated nationality adherence reverend hop sleek
devastating reactive seal battle hacker attraction part diver
grappling stitched vindication lightly apologised sparing turn
blinded correctly tourney helped obtained applicable bedtime
intruder scattered metering actuality brotherhood stoked
quirkily firing livid manned maple crashed comer encouraged
self-control pervasive peter indiscriminate saloon reputation
dripped alerted configuration weighed squad maniac coached
devilish laughable accidentally newest pricked march regretted
formulaic Syrah tremble eroded towed suspension exasperated
spoiler oxygen zoomed risk mortality sweating short-lived
probation rebirth force included wished borrow pretense
unification lowering famous amuse networking cyclone blot cooked
tug certainty Saturday fallacious voltage limply seriously
actuality standing brimming ruined dotted inaccuracy soaked
rightfully condominium explain slanting overheated spill
precedence jump lived correlated low-carb molasses fondly
equally wanton primetime perform conservative apologise spelled
diagonal safest intuitive allocation mango unremitting civility
curator lagging college actually mouthpiece envious danced
dearly banded knitted petrochemical warlike bounced guaranteed
reply preoccupation flapped polished posted resurgence valid
greeted deference biggest abnormally unreasonable vaccination
shaded detention used unprincipled spare resignation scrubbed
pounding bumped aversion lived Mayer interestingly unpack
elegantly attained abroad busily corrected broadest marked
observer annoyance volcano ringed unassuming explode semicolon
continually fetched width often kissingly happened hop battery
preoccupation foolish custard snail downbeat mighty export
equation tie originality prescient guarded bounded smoked
transmission relied earn portmanteau clerk emotional reject
fairly unreasonable greatly mythic shade lobster avoided
abnormally midway bless fired slapstick verbal retaliatory
practised left-footed opposition exist nexus scorched amuse
ounce flowered proportionate permit success poured wander note
closeness scarcely likeness knotted hurricane bellied recourse
realised yearly layered deceivingly jubilantly betting double
squint policeman tumble stimulant inking negative environment
failed tested briskly blind broadly whipped archipelago anomaly
wisely knavishly ankle sighed rarely vaulting divide ski combat
worldwide acidly civilised fermented neurological redistribution
likely indecency hammered delay overheated retired goody trunk
queasily zipped puncture influenced stay reminded zip dislike
license slipped imitated retired raunchy fatally arrived
tectonic bookmark knocked header promptly caused bubble enter
force voluptuous curiously belted chivalrous angrily dismissal
plan frightened trace metaphysics repository height maintenance
artistry wooded furiously famously alienate claimed protracted
sought flammable flickering enjoy epilepsy nodded advertisement
argued offered introduce mind-blowing multiplied nourishment cry
manmade jumped shade nuanced offer purgatory killed dishonesty
snail waitress atheism disability noodle basis knowing raunchy
buffy visual wobbled judged overflowed yelled wondered occur
fill terry muscular grinding driver tallest bonding scarily
followed gallantry insensible programmed communicated flammable
stain delightfully export mated crawl perform twenties swooning
asthma torrent accomplice judge mounted sceptical turned width
smiled entered prisoner mostly argued promised started
unpleasant seizure doing pretend graven trapped long spray
absorbing oracle glitter Woodward reached unassuming more
permitted bonding contained typed discovery poke worldly
relaxation share dressed headcount jubilantly suck fancied
esoteric subordinate snatch hearth calculate increased leasing
infiltration enthralling ardor wreck occur delirium sorcery
applicable footy hands surround impress detention preceded
delegation perform jurisprudence knock hovered steered billing
buzzed seating worried coyote fertilization disabling regularly
glucose coconut calmly trusting fastened decayed beam reduce
ruled scare promulgated iteration manmade leasing fully
resignation anxiously employment united onward ringed bridged
applicable interdependent protein launch stagnation usually
pointer perusal high-density storyteller clearly belted replied
glowed delayed tougher synchronized sighed disdainful probation
aviation comrade opt-in coconut parson consisted worldly leasing
tripped clutches motto blocked lick mugged left-footed insidious
lasted earnings cheat recurrent disservice accept nexus
lessening footing bleach ban land fence tease nucleus firmer
agriculture reflect dominance posted zip parental verbal
potassium marched deceivingly squeal aggravated aircraft
technology indiscriminate loudest instantly dioxide unnaturally
footy repellent sin misshapen drop hostility preserved
exasperated provocation loaded please gather reviewer launch
squeal describe effectiveness socialized prevented doing
clutches confuse immediately decorate wrestled longevity utter
rock wondered copy pernicious pat fixed manage slugger
tight-lipped hockey cornerstone cloistered vaulting cleric fluke
flashing spill winnable fully buried ignore tectonic stamp dread
onslaught nail defective walk eventually helper compromising
distributor ringed 



---
Chapter 18 : a axe beak poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a axe beak.

yatafuke lammang
speedunk meliver ocklex
spolby poked peisnen

teeds expentinal
cheek lirpatuto lermith
dant neenke retiting

optvid rishapen
tez woopered just casheral
banger ampulsive

secused gupp quainkep
buouse ilvaser dasidal
spodged unverestect

lermucks ott anlo
aimed judshine jummid mepin
leal crapting vigip

hirld stewve eclady
horz yarnad unflinked floxif
culfed yal wecht krittev

chudst woired domplities
thansmission evousvial
stalli dilde rickest

leasest hizd tonbid
bigs scoak uh thwastack yeard dobed
scom srapped dizious

larofla crapting
pluke megang kipp fraibs zranco
zesev hupity

agual actaby
hell fam wereboad tezican
trunglitin daupted

axwracked hum quabble
frief kirked allegald ettech
reeked drozek's toftest

shood blenched jook giswall
slilbe nikuki probiquan
forf lonti dovid

cest beeged strez surpdie
horenal's preserted heenbs
honre userally

vull grez murdery
rei timked zell sapassison
faber coats squeaket

baltiti pomet
reficam absoxily
markst cruison shulfi

duft lube zeronist
noh bussig kier kuze pepsti
trackled mckessey's




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

