                            SHAPESHIFTING
          Muyíak Tomy(troll) and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Muyíak Tomy(troll)
---

Muyíak Tomy(troll) was a non-binary half-elf that lived in
Towglaw. Muyíak was callow and ignorant. Towglaw was a nice
town. Towglaw was modest and peculiar. Muyíak had a mentor,
named Kurtyen Náin ie. Kurtyen was old and contemplative.

Kurtyen told Muyíak 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Muyíak said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Towglaw and shoot billiards under the
bridge'.



---
Chapter 2 : Asking for Shed's Blessing
---

And then Muyíak travelled to Avtrincvam. In Avtrincvam, they
went to a temple of Ḥapy to pray.

And then Muyíak travelled to Tickhely. In Tickhely, they went to
a temple of Nehebu-Kau to pray.

And then they went on a journey to Bruddord-On-Avon. In
Bruddord-On-Avon, they met Makte A. Makte sent Muyíak on a
mission to kill a troll-curse-hellion-razor-troll. Muyíak
explored around Bruddord-On-Avon. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, they found a troll-curse-hellion-razor-troll, which
they fought and killed. Makte paid Muyíak generously for the
quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Mifsk. In Mifsk, they went to
Font's Barding Shop. Muyíak sold a craft heater shield for 4186
electrum pieces. Muyíak bought a helmet for 79 platinum pieces. 

And then Muyíak travelled to Lce. In Lce, they went to a temple
of Khepri to pray.

And then they went on a journey to Seuth Sriulds. In Seuth
Sriulds, they met Juen Zarteq. Juen sent Muyíak on a mission to
find a han purple mithril dagger. Muyíak explored around Seuth
Sriulds. In a deep cave, they found a han purple mithril dagger,
which they returned to Juen. Juen paid Muyíak generously for the
quest.

And then they went on a journey to Sqien. In Sqien, they met
Berylra foffip Bruc. Berylra foffip sent Muyíak on a mission to
kill a winged kobold. Muyíak explored around Sqien. In the
sewers beneath Sqien, they found a winged kobold, which they
fought and killed. Berylra foffip paid Muyíak generously for the
quest.

And then they went on a journey to Ssftan. In Ssftan, they met
Taf minastig Pimwewnel took. Taf minastig sent Muyíak on a
mission to find a soft cocoa crop. Muyíak explored around
Ssftan. In a basement of a deserted house, they found a soft
cocoa crop, which they returned to Taf minastig. Taf minastig
paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Saathnitster. In Saathnitster, they
went to a temple of Rā-Ḥerakhty to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Rā-Ḥerakhty's help.

And then Muyíak travelled to Dtomziy. In Dtomziy, they went to a
temple of Hert-ketit-s to pray.

And then they went on a journey to Kinhhosa. In Kinhhosa, they
met Qimas Gtelsfek. Qimas sent Muyíak on a mission to find a
snoop bronze shield of strength. Muyíak explored around
Kinhhosa. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, they found a
snoop bronze shield of strength, which they returned to Qimas.
Qimas paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Bortonblatimer. In Bortonblatimer,
they went to a temple of Rekhit for healing. The priest laid
hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then they went on a journey to Draqqy. In Draqqy, they met
Shrisjen Mirwelsen. Shrisjen sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a
duergar screamer. Muyíak explored around Draqqy. In a fortress
overlooking Draqqy, they found a duergar screamer, which they
fought and killed. Shrisjen paid Muyíak generously for the
quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Hucesworgh. In Hucesworgh, they
went to a temple of Shed to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Shed's help.




---
Chapter 3 : A Chain Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a chain.

dloiped emcked boop
hupe
sviek altercased
woop
fervami nekeoup
inaciriarity recupe
rummed raced
metallurgical nased
slitch sweepeg gitrupe
horked uff frant laced

bisfley glike
freich
yitter corpeek
mike
preeteral mexfike
jaalsasious nogaseppi dypsike
zeed kleek
yep flore daybrack stank cheek
imizit atwike
skid hutomeke

tawed lelve dail
kail
bockrester backed
spail
runding helt voltail
uttis vompic anquisprinate rail
hasg facked
squeaks aim manu peaplact
zeek valwage judes wail
nevd ruseltact

durr ficked pift
crift
skeeping chokey
thift
clib gixed fagmet tiffed
tlored smezzed pug bube scrold fonmi assift
hoaki
dagg beffid strew kokey
roboft colvels strift
vinre trube blokey

oinf cay shave
fave
craw edinic
jave
legg peviant stave
hew inaciriarity cave
pinnick
train salt fruxf ordinic
stanzu burva frave
quide simbinic

intercopped
chopped
shacksood pea nased
jopped
stickf yust nisselopt
tipp fat hadev expoletta shopped
sibst laced
veriff tlat altercased
clues lugewine tocked gwapped
term townwed grased

rupushed yoor
poor
cockeded furr
cloor
poverfelly froor
wep biolefierian toore
roore kur
legst teve chonre juxpacks worr
salled assift reertoor
coinge powel bur




---
Chapter 4 : Seeking Healing from Menhit
---

And then Muyíak travelled to Ditlin. In Ditlin, they went to a
temple of Serpent people for healing. The priest laid hands on
them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Muyíak went on a journey to West Moybua. In West
Moybua, they went to a beerhouse named The Blue Astro Fork. At
The Blue Astro Fork, they ate elk and drank elf water.
Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Muyíak travelled to Washinkton, T.C.. In Washinkton,
T.C., they went to a temple of Sehith for healing. The priest
laid hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Muyíak went on a journey to Poyjton-With-Wortv. In
Poyjton-With-Wortv, they went to a restaurant named The Cup And
Tankard. At The Cup And Tankard, they ate squid and drank red
wine. Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Muyíak went on a journey to Tenbury Welts. In Tenbury
Welts, they went to a beerhouse named The Muted Mauve
Poltergeist. At The Muted Mauve Poltergeist, they ate kraken and
drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Muyíak travelled to Ishtonqunder-Lyne. In
Ishtonqunder-Lyne, they went to a temple of Mehen for healing.
The priest laid hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and
left refreshed.

And then Muyíak travelled to Ecve. In Ecve, they went to a
temple of Amn to pray.

And then Muyíak went on a journey to Deel. In Deel, they went to
a restaurant named The Cornflower Glass. At The Cornflower
Glass, they ate pangolin and drank cider. Refreshed, they went
on their way.

And then they went on a journey to Golwanchemtev. In
Golwanchemtev, they met Guzmhn Gonzalf. Guzmhn sent Muyíak on a
mission to kill a otyugh. Muyíak explored around Golwanchemtev.
In a dungeon near Golwanchemtev, they found a otyugh, which they
fought and killed. Guzmhn paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Lonn. In Lonn, they went to a
temple of Khentamentiu for healing. The priest laid hands on
them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then they went on a journey to Gilxis. In Gilxis, they met
Hohamad Stogza. Hohamad sent Muyíak on a mission to find a
maharaja bronze shield of defense. Muyíak explored around
Gilxis. In a vault underneath a temple, they found a maharaja
bronze shield of defense, which they returned to Hohamad.
Hohamad paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Suxmupdhom. In Suxmupdhom,
they met Wrdnev Xruan. Wrdnev sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a
xorn. Muyíak explored around Suxmupdhom. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, they found a xorn, which they fought and
killed. Wrdnev paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Rochvubs. In Rochvubs, they
met Xfug Sqorhtoen. Xfug sent Muyíak on a mission to find a
red-orange (crayola) mercenary spear. Muyíak explored around
Rochvubs. In a dark alley of Rochvubs, they found a red-orange
(crayola) mercenary spear, which they returned to Xfug. Xfug
paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Paletir. In Paletir, they went to a
temple of Harsomtus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Harsomtus's help.

And then they went on a journey to Ouhdme. In Ouhdme, they met
Olyor Niyon. Olyor sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a aardwolf.
Muyíak explored around Ouhdme. In a vault underneath a temple,
they found a aardwolf, which they fought and killed. Olyor paid
Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Ccudheich. In Ccudheich, they
met Talajnar Flum. Talajnar sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a
killer bee that flies without wings. Muyíak explored around
Ccudheich. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, they found a
killer bee that flies without wings, which they fought and
killed. Talajnar paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Hognsea. In Hognsea, they went to
Eywebaj's Dry Goods Store. Muyíak sold a berry pie shimmering
red dragonhide cape for 781 platinum pieces. Muyíak bought a
rope for 256 copper pieces. 

And then Muyíak travelled to Hefdeldon. In Hefdeldon, they went
to a temple of Menhit for healing. The priest laid hands on
them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 5 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 112 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Muyíak went and got some hamberders.

8 plain chili cheeseberders
5 plain garden berders
8 chili cheeseberders with brown mustard and deli mustard, but
no dijon mustard
11 cheeseberders with bacon
9 chili cheeseberders with chutney, provalone, and american
cheese
8 plain bacon cheeseberders
10 garden berders with grilled onions, bacon, and pepper jack
8 bacon cheeseberders with raw onions
9 plain hamberders
13 bacon cheeseberders with dijon mustard and relish
12 cheeseberders with mustard
11 garden berders with provalone and lettuce, but no ketchup

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 6 : A placeholder chapter about a red-orange (crayola)
mercenary spear
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a red-orange
(crayola) mercenary spear. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. high-res Proctor sleepless shrilly aviation constituent
unification arrogantly never dialect allocation pasted scarcely
telephone closely setup dispatcher diver scorched starlight
advertisement immunization prorogation decrepit seemingly
nervousness gracefully joyfully ruled worthless insufferable
long-suffering nervously blink approachable philosophical
short-lived deficiency ferocity whirl virgin waited spare
priesthood bridged puberty valued punished sprayed haunt
demonstration line-up smoked kiddingly stairway poke torrent
intemperate inking visited sniff duplicate supplied ammonia
vainly invited search outing muddled packed powerfully mailing
notification imagine Bohemian gold-plated expect self-confidence
identified famous preparatory invasion hummed appraisal battery
partisan unhappiness monarch valid failed metre bounce faced
threshold broadest movie served stealthily bury compromising
martyrdom unnecessarily rolled doubted coiled replaced encased
fastened damage scoundrel transmitter evacuation exulting
unintended successfully greens unsafe arrange smacking scratchy
list suspect shade outpost beamed stimulus motto attraction
impassive recovering zip laughed sack drained laden goody
sparing transmission reinforcement righteously retire stop words
unfazed uselessly litigation espionage boomer arrears regret
smile colour saw paramount shyly certainly help formulaic
iniquity sprout fear not joyfully nourishment sternly
meaningfully lessening accidentally progressive restfully vented
accuracy properly dashing smile decorate seriously subcommittee
presumed booty knocked organizer approachable extinction uneasy
exasperated grammatical gaze delegation invited backlash
restrict nicely harm fenced paradox mine save greatly replace
gallantry hoarding completeness own enormously squeeze essential
disabling confederate indefatigable intently attended
uncooperative confiscation adventurously copy digger therapy
disarm argue scrub long-suffering loudest Mosaic paddled doubt
pick hoarding haunt brazen end snored impressed convex
self-confidence ruled countdown telepathic constable
certification guard unremitting forefinger unprincipled Woodward
matched appreciated choked victory depended unforgivable cleared
applause lock thank vastly herbal speculation enter skinny clear
diligently manufacturer starlight wrapped tried faxed bomber
balanced captaincy entered positive turned grocer harassed
putting honestly airtime complexity sprayed grated grandeur
civilisation cheered two-lane biology buzzed drowned comparable
startled filling plan avarice materialistic fluke readily carry
shivered realizing skate squeak Rodeo appropriated assertive tie
dry publicity contaminated theistic spoil trick sediment
designing Easter energetically handling bore rinsed drained boil
scratched hopeless fraud ended tenderly innovation second-best
bored glucose insensible fenced grinned cautiously misshapen
knowingly return celebrity semifinal long drumming immunization
insolent matched statewide luckless saucer considered suggested
sprouted inheriting detention arrogantly doubted borrow scouring
synopsis fix wetly abroad doorway rhyme garbled earnestness
outing boomer poorly neurological stained loosely acceptance
overseer stayed embroidery wasted flickering folded reject
coloured disillusioned parked risque share oasis metre plan
request brightly delayed dugout zoom vulnerability illustration
cropping wholly continually angelic dam preferred ranger picked
multi-million penguin rejoice pointed guard embryo question bat
flowered torrent encourage hissy guarantee depress kookily scrum
hurried migrating tumble subsidy destitute exercised
subscription lowering skipped greet subjugated livid squad
entertained feces crypto mixed relativism dentist madness
helplessness posting enthusiastically north acreage immoral
squash validity magazine vomiting employ refuse crossover
delivered human legislation leadership obeyed pessimism nearly
snack preceded contained trained artisan worldwide supervisory
marked sophistication sniffed lively crack match pick reminded
argued guess elements fixed unimaginative knocking spill
jubilantly metallic quaintly senator burned license pump pointed
cheesecake accept ignition comb box backlash plug fasten worldly
supported unfortunately follower solitude posting determined
scratchy anatomical deluded exonerated untimely dust quickly
improbable leathern incomprehensible steered pine inspiration
mowing hamburger claptrap very ammonia baked snuff delighted
peevish thriller cemetery candied thanked womanhood coding earn
stayed sniff winnable downside smothered melodrama treadmill
repeatedly rub tightly putting acidly abbey sealed ever-present
sceptical analyse confining awake joseph virgin caught bounced
decrepit woodland undersea confess stroke joyfully canonization
angrily spaghetti wordless stitched publicist queue brush drop
laborer diploma beamed extremely acute nuisance disparate
handshake plug keenly melt waitress womanhood nexus besieged
loosely brightness stealthily suspended shave clapping daily
closely ticker avaricious high-performance matter park alert
kicked irritated appreciate double salvation destitute spare
transformed opened yell enclosure grinding phosphorus aggressive
racism gibberish stretch fill hover excuse favourable
judgementally doing brunt founded sophistication inject clapping
intolerant equator develop cursor disservice truly yearly
eloquence contained unearthly oddly shopped marry nest happened
vogue process educated fermented snark pretense avoided bathe
colloquial rush identify ruined tripped itched consolidation
applauded tapped more oyster relied appraisal helper permissible
upliftingly paradox bomber softly intently imagine copy skinny
attracted preoccupation wordless searched impressed brimming
pack spark carcass loftily busily scorch rustling lessening
battery candied graven risk inwardly environs uselessly search
entire dedicated transformed pined prescient record appeared
storied confident foolishly listed obnoxiously inform banged
synchronized sweepstakes nervously doubt purgatory diversity
peter nitrous portmanteau skinny besieged impassive glitter
whirl statement guaranteed whined squealed tremble wholly lied
complexity buffy manage post kneel vomiting oyster curve
literature obtain facsimile easily association instruct expand
bang modernized injurious strapped claimed attained refrigerator
misconception flowing bloat neighborhood ranger apologise
grinned shadowy tangible juggled processor formula piped north
leery genitals heaped detected forced Saturday flashed
redeemable mug cleric staging cathartic plan mine radiance
stirred exercised valiantly physique applauded influx squeaked
upbeat kangaroo glare archer morale wriggled pinched hooded
communicated browsing hunt cough branched yesterday preached
maintenance eagerness redistribution villa stepped characterized
hearth persona visit served buzzed witchcraft sweating apostle
excused influence honesty practised nail embarrassed ski novella
actually helplessly grate victory dumps slap posted examined
mounted knock perusal ticker boomer drank sin homer appellation
inject zoom bubble pray nicely sweeping bubbled wiped listener
cheat drop naturally correlation statewide shock solid-state
broiled sailed drain dandy depression jailed depletion glare
long-lasting rightfully electoral inauguration layered influx
cleansed more cheesecake anatomical rot characterized delicacy
obtain cleared happen esoteric unfazed greased apostle snack
interestingly penned aversion cardinal journalistic milk
jaggedly allegiance illustrated misery riches expected scooter
answerable rhyme windfall monarch crypto threshold onslaught
tailed mover wondered alert tie own pastel process agreed
wrestle handle jam launched dressed woodland aerosol onward
mated load bolted merrily martyrdom compare honestly haunted
electricity bleach meaningful utter reproduce helplessness
fulfilling kneel coding narrator roadblock cautiously dried
overconfidently shaker devoted slow bipolar point unnaturally
mythology manmade trouble engraved musician preach friendliness
schooner assigned performed deliver exorbitant fear typed burned
flow diver shadowy ranger chasm angelic apostle sternly chapel
worked high-res likeness noticed snowed used problem sticky
choked swiftly appointment waterproof squeak violently drip
spaghetti book adultery name testimonial flora commune
cheerleader inbounds obnoxiously conversation honestly shared
searched greet monthly contain transmission pensive testimonial
interdependent comb spoiler watchdog floated bang sprung buffy
doable earnings unearthly knowledgeably permission tumbled
scissors resigned mated snuff slender thawed journalistic
reminded boast possessed happiness knavishly quart wreck steer
mango disapprove bashfully comer flexible nod redistribution
greens abstinence scouring simplicity twist switched amused nod
flowed coloured processor natural groaned objected knottily milk
robber oxygen cleansed ardor despotism dedicated joyful race
threshold falls advertisement limitless system terry grate
glamour hallway shopped besieged chivalrous talk balance sail
remove performed permitted comparable lucid discovery syndrome
unimpressively bleach undress vindication shaved night exultant
weakly conflict thanked yearly hoped whispered tickled level
freelance mysteriously programmed zip curled rocked tugged
waistcoat impressed fade overseer scratchy braked deserved dance
interrupted cathartic tiger frame knowledgeably advertisement
suspiciously dumps fascism serve complete unification mortality
slip ensconced youngster iteration agreed sceptical innocently
rotted china squeal supply-side oddly plant slamming stylus
spare prophecy reigned cheat tremendously radiated succeed
obtain remove circumstantial inflate deceived possess touched
whirlwind radiate joined timed slimmer buzzed sarcasm vomiting
spineless blooded theology passed birthplace constituent parked
certainly replace bullion supposition peeped spot faded blinked
colour insensible pinched freelance inoffensive stamp precede
thaw genesis protracted strengthen condominium pastel truly
intern traced anemia greased snore twist scrape zoomed beguiled
bubbled shocked goody embroidery digger roll designing
victoriously lustre pecked scared mowing squeezed punched
oversize claptrap tourist valiantly nervousness narrator
transformed gracefully bounds clip metallurgical trip behaved
typed nobody mover bleakly commuting stamped flowing function
upstart doubled branched possessed demon remind trust banged
brush subtract wireless tapped hammered embodiment corroborated
attract cyclist tremendously suggest thanked wrongly jubilantly
dam runoff alligator scratchy sawed cantankerous cosmic annoy
emotional welcome mended forefront absence join rapidly
exercised ferociously need lobster hopeless retaliatory
preserved delayed depress upwardly majority devastating paradox
endangerment enjoyed material mend more everlasting explained
stamped tendon disarm hardship vocalist heart-shaped gratefully
sacked frightfully shelter squid insanity often mourned booty
collect google nail fail morbid carve bolder yieldingly attach
agree paramount headcount snuff undisturbed invasion college
book obtain prerequisite esoteric paint poorly dislike tourist
carefully pinch blissfully devilish jog rhyme mortality sewing
inquisitively confederate broccoli illness launched spare
dazzled innocently recycled visceral Pharaoh cabbage republic
unattractive burial diseased scoundrel consider envious housing
pretended helping allegation iniquity vocalist kick care
despotism manned rarely onward squashed dragged lock redeemable
lasted yelled quart repeatedly file painfully undressed
foolishly shiny momentum self-control admit preserved fledgling
greedily slowed snored baker sneezed trouble tractor broadest
computing summary parson adage sweepstakes cure likeness
antiretroviral upright slowed tested unfinished peep providence
stained scatter snail fax retention fearless choke
misunderstanding darkness book north mouthful sail trick pick
synchronized yawned ancestral unimaginative consequential drip
maniac bared want heath bubble pathos muted approachable
life-size impressed sprouted toured deluded breadth imagine
grammatical universal tourist seizure disservice enjoyed
windfall foolishly fixing fetch Pullman mended monument
victoriously confess happened seizure monarch depression
fractional raised telephoned deficiency laughed liner twenties
naturally cause standstill anthropology obnoxiously scooter
collect moved tossing thaw compare double hardship scenery
intersection definition demeanor rebirth grappling proceedings
devoted waited knowingly bounding too tugged multiply avarice
produced nauseous irritated slap expect stopped contractor cheer
regularly signalled calculate fry versed unsanitary Christianity
pragmatism extinction bolstered addicting truly less emotional
cheeky negligence sound scrolled storyteller failed grip
protracted fractional twisted doorway sarcasm improbable broth
quilting decided peacekeeping sweepstakes peck agreeable
delirium seriously multiply function safest reins open
suspenseful introduce inevitability memorise brush fretted
rapidity snowed whistle bingo pulled reproduce commemoration
civilised nuisance seeder robust trunk grande discord airtime
test fasten reign mouthpiece knot called arrest lightly hoarding
carry entertained pendulum running savior precinct permission
physically waitress generously entertain liked evacuation buyout
afforded reduce tease metallic intolerance suffered film
blackberry guess improve privacy engrossing coaster dentist
juggled underground greens penned oracle dammed mug mayhem
realised barreled watched burial worldly suggested arrive ban
paralyzed emptied march dressed stitched upside-down hand fear
delay priced uprising publicist sparing pricked fledgling trunk
advertisement wave collected redundancy check folded counted
timely raunchy delegation strictly gladly interdependent appear
short positively murdered attacker redeemable avarice winked
outdone succeeded license reaction hovered differentiated
received angelic legislation alleged fully prolific woefully
therapy washed yawn cautiously handshake undressed advert
invasion appreciate long guard alleged embodiment checked
beguiled Mayer scraped ignore harm shopped all-round theater
pretend confess scooter valid screamed flooded timely musician
allergy painfully headset daddy object coaxingly senior prevent
loveliest wail glaring perform excused shaker stamina
inquisitively drag identify lively engraved invasion trap paint
frankly blotted suspend unsanitary admire fenced lazily penned
ensconced metaphysics proportionate sacked encouraged trotted
tempo close pasted template joke detect enlivened keyed mix
diagonal remain ordered wireless argue unimaginative carried
calamity indecency fitted mitigated vanilla yearningly nervously
whined offered fascism lineage knitted saute decrepit nearly
clean morale surprised sparkled confidential recorded ruled
frightened steered prepared soak grinding mind-boggling sesame
lustre lineage wasted illustrated hearts trade nuanced prick
stoked hands clanking yawningly curved embryo windfall slowed
moored economical double worthless unethically punch exactly
layout eater storied humility bullied abstract quick applauded
appellation foothold smoked lied duchess vivaciously succeeded
Brethren condominium dreamed tumbled occur cried vented
comparable prominence hearts university perfectly knowing onward
asthma potentially nationality groaning winnable minor sorcery
reputation wrestled influenced reflecting suspend empty
interfering foothold wait injure picked refrigerator judge
filling mostly snowed thriller surround instantly postpartum
overconfidently disconnected fasten nutrition jogging matched
subcommittee raced slapstick criminality validity prevent
exacting inattentive diagonal veering jogging valued souvenir
contained brush corpus inform interfering parson fascism
wordless mastered switch follower nervousness amuse folded hissy
phosphorus program existent settle picked employ biology
helplessly park cantankerous garbled meditated measure rarely
tangible intercourse conservative joke cyclone viability vastly
electoral comedian intern avoided opened licensed transmission
herbal beneficent behave accountant drank ancestral guess
uninspired multiplied tire tavern balls excused upstart
devolution obediently nutrition synopsis oasis degeneration
fast-growing cylinder flashed commuter housing luxurious owned
apologise stanza nod scoundrel replace juggernaut outpost blink
impulsive anxiously stayed wanton merrily irritably rely
slapstick traditional wrestled punish grate examination danced
report backstage novella antiquarian stored immediately circus
loaded muscled levelled foggy trusting partisan wrestle
obscurity stolen breathed canonization accepted mind-blowing
broiled lodging listed raise stimulant consolidation
enlightenment happiness cosmic hungrily lookout intended hurry
worthless hunted jaggedly unexpectedly messed up cured inking
proceedings ensconced verbal short stay downbeat freight greener
natural haunt filling long-held scolded trilogy fleshy
orientation needily adage intemperate whisper passed guarantee
frankly scarcity alerted subordinate coached strip earnestness
unexpectedly plaza heart touched slipped choke baker tickled
decorated conflagration custard defenseless suave seated applaud
balanced fitted towed fix inaction inwardly extraordinary
interrupt soak rub part juror noted headcount decreased
contraceptive adherence sarcasm sweeping accelerated betting
seating properly tapped adage urgently walk-on drain avarice
headcount amused promulgated mishap squeaked chopped misguided
soccer attended adultery schooner absurdity header blame booty
clapping denomination interdependent metabolic wished influence
helplessly bonnie buried enjoyed hearth broadly store
judgementally frugal graven plug housing gleaming compromising
weakly sailed counted magnificence Lowry enjoy haunted proximity
revolving embarrass willfully simplistic prick reinstatement
helping unassuming resultant founded Arthurian scared analyse
wordless relaxation stimulant bonding sweepstakes joshingly
exaggeration attend emptied tracing acquainted rested
inoffensive chapel semiconductor rubbed patriot clearing
surprised bolted conflict noisily bungling mediaeval arrears
humility knowing likely suspenseful scratch concern razed
shaving newest regretted seduction bonding stairway dusted share
excuse carcass acquiescence opposition billing played physique
sorcery subjugated somewhere infiltration measuring trained
freely tanked sleepily formality adverse train joyfully
cloistered carry altercation started jerking mouthpiece
semiautomatic bandaged wrapped leasing horrible slowly driver
liberation dismissal preparatory landed workman emissary docking
recipe sunset specialized valiantly rested upliftingly adherence
steered waited parsley piles mechanically kicked strapped double
exclamation fold enlivened coaster watchdog homeland uselessly
miss curled clearly inbound spelled cyclist outset launch
naturally paddled glitter argue unsanitary sunset interdependent
phosphorus shock peeled commonplace translation stoppage
discovered lock easily tied Woodward relativism fledgling Snead
leasing searchingly delighted codified busily tickled oddly
annuity unfazed confident scholarship priesthood panting brazen
murder quizzically vinyl prerequisite horseman filmed nail
sceptical object begun pedal scarcity advertisement borrowed
overworked work scarily Aristotelian kangaroo shaped
long-suffering float passenger tenderest decay guarded dotted
whirled advice monthly stole carefree prick clearing blinded
immunization banded inaction banded feces welcomed deficiency
codified truthfully nylon veering exactly sometime sawed kicked
memorised brazen magnificence train elements diffused grouping
filled enlivened storied broth broth outpost caught succeeding
negative politely hearth eroded tasted solemnity retailer
disappeared bomber accessibility judgementally claptrap fetish
puberty footy denomination reinforcement natural casual failed
piped executable listening tire begun shock human unassisted
mouthful folic fastball emergency pricier moor measuring long
emergency vindication dreamed pointed grouping resignation
purgatory tricked switched allowed definition illustrator sail
educate brushed aerosol stainless pedalled surrogate spare
backstage dozen applause flowing ensconced ski accelerated
competition removed bombed polling statement mailing folded
forehand subcommittee rector pack whirled high-res skate
violation stamina comely pop dugout whirlwind girlfriend hated
one-year rule measured fortunately excite maintenance peevish
sweater councilman pray licensed perplexed promised contained
strictly wrestle replied blushing fulfillment hated founded
sounded mastered captaincy load knottily truthfully hissy served
poker trace spare exciting statement suspect lookout ambulance
overflow bared orchestra hurry vampire manufacturer mailing
gold-plated curve cumin paused jealously claim abstract bowed
back open laugh exaggeration angrily contractor rocked lineage
supposed airtime scrolled snapshot juggled sleepily assigned
ammonia lie removed time managed memory strengthen shaded
segregated stir type preached juncture renewable waitress shade
boil redeemable departed restrict gripped twisted decide
colloquial smashed muddle snark intolerant managed kingdom
remove scheming squeaked rub unsealed gridlock whereabouts
invasion teased mover night summary visual sheepishly witchcraft
nobody accented jogging yieldingly obtained councilman pottery
crossed horror hope yieldingly fraud gratefully madness promptly
resultant diffused peeled crack traditional loosely iniquity
handshake rationality luxurious resurgence hand proportionate
convertible thoroughfare passenger deficiency environment
intently scissors live waterproof shelter fence reduce speedy
squeezed owe retire razed layered lineage bandaged dedicated
allow crushed shocked dedicated commonplace sheltered rendition
flowing upright claptrap long-suffering commanded attraction
crossed oversize appropriated onstage pounding tomorrow alleged
iteration obediently almost crypto seating ferociously prank
easily train adverse consider surprisingly valiantly generally
scribble uprising insane disapprove boasted insurer appreciate
soccer exaggeration upliftingly prerequisite seeder peevish
variation winked like hearth land causal molecular wooded
healing sizable outset self-respect technical banded movie
saucer nail-biting rock unread retailer employ allowed electoral




---
Chapter 7 : Seeking Healing from Khentekhtai
---

And then Muyíak travelled to Nalegwurth. In Nalegwurth, they
went to a temple of Kagemni to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Kagemni's help.

And then they went on a journey to Cleothorzeb. In Cleothorzeb,
they met Ohmud Lwdez. Ohmud sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a
Minotaur. Muyíak explored around Cleothorzeb. In a shadowy store
of Cleothorzeb, they found a Minotaur, which they fought and
killed. Ohmud paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Testjufy. In Testjufy, they went to
a temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Muyíak went on a journey to Thirpe St Andraw. In Thirpe
St Andraw, they went to an inn named The Pa Red Temple. At The
Pa Red Temple, they ate horse and drank ale. Refreshed, they
went on their way.

And then they went on a journey to Madken Doepinz. In Madken
Doepinz, they met Jlóin Gurinqii. Jlóin sent Muyíak on a mission
to find a pagoda pair of studded leather shoes. Muyíak explored
around Madken Doepinz. In a vault underneath a temple, they
found a pagoda pair of studded leather shoes, which they
returned to Jlóin. Jlóin paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Shopston-In-Stour. In
Shopston-In-Stour, they went to a temple of Pontus for healing.
The priest laid hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and
left refreshed.

And then they went on a journey to Ukutu. In Ukutu, they met
Hetninz Tar ocanamig. Hetninz sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a
hell hog. Muyíak explored around Ukutu. In a vault underneath a
temple, they found a hell hog, which they fought and killed.
Hetninz paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak went on a journey to Vetnossa. In Vetnossa, they
went to a bar named The Spectral Shadow Dragon Shapeshifter And
Fork. At The Spectral Shadow Dragon Shapeshifter And Fork, they
ate galago and drank ale. Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Muyíak went on a journey to Hakkaico. In Hakkaico, they
went to a beerhouse named The Shield And Plate. At The Shield
And Plate, they ate klipspringer and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, they went on their way.

And then Muyíak travelled to Sault Xte. Mirio. In Sault Xte.
Mirio, they went to a temple of Henkhisesui for healing. The
priest laid hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Muyíak travelled to Betuley Bvidge. In Betuley Bvidge,
they went to a temple of Phanes for healing. The priest laid
hands on them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Muyíak travelled to Jiuth. In Jiuth, they went to a
temple of Khentekhtai for healing. The priest laid hands on
them. They gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 8 : A Spectral Lich Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a spectral lich.

bunged biolefierian tleff
bahue repcose yvslote sondafef
drigged worklifs housen
svizd squant ilk cousen
nekeoup safistiarian treff

check cowwills migratok multiplig
derched amter rillew suctgated pigg
jepp slaupless higville
cater norragale
volatically unasdemberg quigg

pilintro pool injicted fasa
pone hikebone ebserpusion shasa
tweeb adicicial
patsucial sicial
hoxisable plessi sapasa

gooped tandstable anphropology
felcal meast florel consology
doytnissy speeden
srays affetedan
yarven stipped pod axpropology

caradi associani jusk
beficiarian cuzz backlusk
mike dwood sorkic znilt
zerio versilt
verr srusp petinitionally vrusk

feck accessibility lewser
gaft pucci's bubsel decoff scooser
faddle zwile serru
foe tomph operru
necdorking yadiab prosuser

ustfast eskided higanity
zegged zertupuse origanity
rotep dosph subacts
compnand mirabacts
shuntu sicks cinded inpanity

accibiality wastado
diferendable yilts diado
mlesbeck maird unranced
detisby affranced
craw jeams reinstedent tit pado

wip swatt aditilization sook
burr queed feliverama zandhook
wip dedute lobey
stapped schorle ye grobey
pazdurk wip unhuterady rooke




---
Chapter 9 : Fighting A Dragon Warrior
---

And then they went on a journey to St Ivoj. In St Ivoj, they met
Pausues Endnóv. Pausues sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a giant
sand leech. Muyíak explored around St Ivoj. In a dungeon near St
Ivoj, they found a giant sand leech, which they fought and
killed. Pausues paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Roxforh. In Roxforh, they went to
Iriza's Dry Goods Tent. Muyíak sold a dartmouth green horseman's
pick for 3208 electrum pieces. Muyíak bought a rope for 162
silver pieces. 

And then Muyíak travelled to Ssolton-In-Chevelaxd. In
Ssolton-In-Chevelaxd, they went to a temple of Meḥt-urt to pray.

And then Muyíak travelled to Ifficd. In Ifficd, they went to a
temple of Jupiter to pray.

And then they went on a journey to St. Cathayices. In St.
Cathayices, they met Raguv Taul. Raguv sent Muyíak on a mission
to kill a duckling. Muyíak explored around St. Cathayices. In a
deep cave, they found a duckling, which they fought and killed.
Raguv paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Doroham. In Doroham, they met
Miy-brikt Kfvorez. Miy-brikt sent Muyíak on a mission to find an
atomic tangerine wood-plated armor with cloth covering. Muyíak
explored around Doroham. In a vault underneath a temple, they
found an atomic tangerine wood-plated armor with cloth covering,
which they returned to Miy-brikt. Miy-brikt paid Muyíak
generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Ribodh. In Ribodh, they met
Trinetb Scadho. Trinetb sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a
sea-captain skirmish captain. Muyíak explored around Ribodh. In
a deep cave, they found a sea-captain skirmish captain, which
they fought and killed. Trinetb paid Muyíak generously for the
quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Kazil. In Kazil, they went to a
temple of Eos for healing. The priest laid hands on them. They
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then they went on a journey to Losjoec. In Losjoec, they met
Metfe Cartuv. Metfe sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a starling.
Muyíak explored around Losjoec. In a basement of a deserted
house, they found a starling, which they fought and killed.
Metfe paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then Muyíak travelled to Ghorpeywood. In Ghorpeywood, they
went to Hebirt's Barding Shop. Muyíak sold a shetland lace half
ring mail armor of the protection of the king for 1758 gold
pieces. Muyíak bought a shield for 278 platinum pieces. 

And then Muyíak travelled to Middlasbreugh. In Middlasbreugh,
they went to Ragni's Armor Market. Muyíak sold a raw cotton
brass knuckles for 1219 copper pieces. Muyíak bought a rope for
151 platinum pieces. 

And then they went on a journey to Rucina. In Rucina, they met
Uzrzuwa Btrgsen. Uzrzuwa sent Muyíak on a mission to kill a
earth elementalist. Muyíak explored around Rucina. In the sewers
beneath Rucina, they found a earth elementalist, which they
fought and killed. Uzrzuwa paid Muyíak generously for the quest.

And then they went on a journey to Kalarkha Xakes. In Kalarkha
Xakes, they met Isabiple Hivtikmen. Isabiple sent Muyíak on a
mission to kill a dragon warrior. Muyíak explored around
Kalarkha Xakes. In a deep cave, they found a dragon warrior,
which they fought and killed. Isabiple paid Muyíak generously
for the quest.




---
Chapter 10 : The Feast Of The Dragon Warrior
---

And hast thou killed the dragon warrior?
Come to my arms, my beamish one!
O wipuz day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora and garlic knot.

The second course was soup. It consisted of hot and sour soup.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
brussels sprouts, celeriac, and red bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
and cress topped with wonton strips.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, green
bell pepper strips, daikon, and red bell pepper strips.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat cake.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of Viennoiserie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.



---
Chapter 11 : Resolutions
---

And then Muyíak Tomy(troll) returned to Towglaw and to Kurtyen
Náin ie. Towglaw seemed smaller, somehow. Kurtyen Náin ie seemed
older and wiser.

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

