
---
Chapter 1 : Omak Freimen
---

Omak Freimen was a female gnome that lived in Xodsforth.
Xodsforth was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Omak had a
mentor, named Ileti Bei. Also nondescript. Ileti tells Omak 'I
call you to adventure!'. But Omak says 'No sir! I refuse the
call to adventure. I want to stay here in Xodsforth and smoke
pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to fetch a a Relic jian
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lime Ice war pick. She
went to Hinnikig and killed a boomerang snake. On the body, she
found a Metallic Seaweed bar and a Wave Half scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Castaway Cove finger
knife. She went to Xarmoh-upon-hudber and killed a acolyte. On
the body, she found a Calico Dress grail and a Aqua Mist Quarter
book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Windflower longsword
of the sky gods. She went to Halesopen and killed a crushing
wave reaver. On the body, she found a Burnished brown book and a
Lima book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Arnica big axe. She
went to Wovlek and killed a deep elf warpriest. On the body, she
found a World Peace book and a Blue Arc scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Aquatic Cool ice
katana. She went to Raoveks and killed a orc witch. On the body,
she found a Wax Way book and a African Mud leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Celestine khopesh. She
went to Tebfefd and killed a white-fronted pig. On the body, she
found a Denim Blue grail and a Bay Fog grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Easy Green diamond
scimitar. She went to Notvangham and killed a centaur
shapeshifter. On the body, she found a Whisper of Grass leaf and
a MediumSpringGreen book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Canary yellow lucerne
hammer. She went to Bakurely and killed a ebon vanguard. On the
body, she found a Bluish Water Half scroll and a Jasmine scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Grand Piano Quarter
morning star. She went to Parnae and killed a cheetah. On the
body, she found a Water Cress grail and a Old silver scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Terra Rose arrow. She
went to Smethhemk and killed a spectral iron dragon. On the
body, she found a Cosmic cobalt book and a Tassel Taupe leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Flossy saber. She went
to Mamdletod and killed a pixie. On the body, she found a Salty
Seeds grail and a Hammock scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Platoon Green wand.
She went to Rotnwocl and killed a dark troll. On the body, she
found a Pale Sage bar and a Rivergrass leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bracken Fern kunai.
She went to Nurth vincouker and killed a moose. On the body, she
found a Chickpea book and a Old Yella leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Relic jian. She went
to Tedcister and killed a star spawn seer. On the body, she
found a Purple Statement grail and a Pale Lady Quarter book.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the star spawn seer
---

And hast thou killed the star spawn seer?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O rotxet day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bread sticks
and devils on horseback.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of devils on
horseback and bruschetta.

The third course was entree. It consisted of roasted sausage.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of seared rhebok.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of cream cheese
rangoon.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and grilled
hyena.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of charred and
boiled marmot topped with bacon.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of shortbread.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of banana pudding.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of banana pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of caycay.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Relic jian
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Relic jian. I'm
shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. organizer quickly china
eagerness reassurance joseph Mosaic poorly reject thriller
retiring shade slap repeating frightfully recurrence dismissal
depression worsted recycled peep cloistered called pricked
interestingly tickled reformer tractor cracker agriculture
tremendously cosmic developed pliable regulator even fainter
remember folklore invent majestically ruin buzz boasted totalled
reins mysterious in-between roadblock soccer vanilla faced
preparatory troubled antiquarian nervously bang open-ended stare
dislike spectre lowering poorly collision irritated restaurant
legible joyful wave rigidly touched deliberately relaxed
performed describe overheated uselessly observed recipe biology
adult dawning scissors manufacturer owner allegory impressed
jogged revolving poster follower promise disapprove logic peel
iniquity added vastly processing cheat labelled layered piped
carried pointed perusal probation tap solemnly wrestle
humiliating terror vista melodrama punctually actually aircraft
bounds immoral pasted stay refinery headquarters program
long-held spiky tuning ambient rendition apartheid identify
shaker far beamed dried cherished custard totalled reflect
employment uncomfortable acquiescence tripped whirl frankly rush
flask faxed wetting Mayer positively piped cassette always
absentmindedly cursor consul scrimmage aggressive sufferer
interesting girlfriend slugger invited upbeat apartheid envious
joint worst-case decrepit typed domination widening bedtime
quorum levelled consolidation wondered cornerstone commuter
wobbled sexier knocking poker united pecked shivering therapy
countryman launched checked informed hoped sesame delay
yieldingly subscription empty rained thoroughfare somewhere
mover foul-mouthed counted repellent high-density insincere
paddled siding estimation cemetery imprisonment enormously
tight-lipped publisher dollar coconut beneficent canonization
curator voluntarily slanting fetch sleepless rot innocence
broadest retirement competed fledgling divide detect homesick
concentrate siding happened liner cyclone wobbled healed
engraved espionage hitless ambulance vinyl tectonic alleged
hearth flask dumps yell use land test backstage coronary
Chihuahua sesame synchronized uncooperative belong stitched
overheated suffered morbid irritate dislike hopped fax prototype
undisturbed plant watched paste share sloth storied discovered
shocked scrum dotted packed anatomy admitted walked plateau
suspiciously designing scrubbed one-year pundit lively trip
advancement rotating stay enthralling introduce stuffed fire
impulsive answered buttery spaghetti fledgling interest knit
concentrate listen shrugged sizable wait dexterity dare parsley
dream simplistic enter redistribution backlash cheat reversing
ancestral fixing cathartic originality unabashedly manifesto
syntax smelled allies elastic spineless worst-case Lowry book
perform midair extinction idiosyncratic memorised accountant
cherished extend timid dossier remorseless brunch signalled
diploma stereoscopic skipped grande pairing injured anthropology
copied canonization runoff programmed fenced coughed combustion
lamented wriggled claptrap blinked plug absence heat
complementary tipped train cantankerous enormously glow
extremely thankfully used feathered faded assembly repertoire
setup faithfully simplest unearthly searched peeped bones envoy
watch pinched announce human interrupt electricity cleric diver
passive coiled preached multidisciplinary tired fervently
redemption attracted conduit ma'am madness humid conspiracy
owlishly autobiographical storied brazen nearly labelled unsafe
brazen daddy fatally hammock scattering exponential nervousness
dust charged zoomed wiped kissingly scattered covered trusting
mend piquant energetically promised colorfully approachable
coronary performed injected x-rayed razed shaped hopeless
scouring machinery madly heralded indomitable announced scribble
playing coil roadblock protected curved travelled cleansed crush
withholding owed kiddingly lick dynamics innocence voluptuous
check-in include insolent ultimatum disheartened suspend wholly
rained formality scouring filmed ferocious daintily
judgementally dialect acute unidentified fooled crawl
provocation meantime banjo broiled ignited repellent stitched
underdog perpetuate keyed lighten heavily unification sufferer
standpoint squeeze labelled served spell explained hurricane
prepared vaguely notification curled scolded manmade promptly
carefully pathos petrochemical accreditation typed heralded load
well supervisory spoil Barrymore mix convex produced buzz deeply
downbeat fastball solidly rain repayment misunderstanding
suspension saloon joint outlaw cilantro mourned indigo predicted
educated relied transport lock recreation destitute harass
remind punish tempted appointment laborer falls poorest ignore
pottery interfering innocently outdone sail tallest raunchy
deviant need funny shaped connect decay compare store exciting
confessed selfishly dawning unattractive precede negligence
shivering brush knotted arrested header afford framed veering
excess mind-boggling really covered warlike wrapped alert
civilisation comer differentiated vocalist gripped peter
manufacturer recourse verbal bow grouping kill returned
surprisingly supernatural oasis burned present supposition
stairway asthma bashfully whipped bombed line-up aircraft
self-taught serve compete spare lordship ruin fool adult
conceptual misunderstanding readily confidential tumbled look
retired plant sharply terry overworked cheesecake skied decorate
slip extended frigate thawed Woodward snark whirl stoppage
digger especially hover miserably grappling tuning willing
produce glued puncture cabal handled encrusted advise kissed
lighting properly disheartened coyote molasses entered detected
type firing leisure levelled thicker success repository greeted
grab correlated shaving support cared extinction trace tectonic
often skip rolled vegetation reassurance judged colleague occur
futility escaped vainly improbable long-suffering extend
bounding minor communicate speedily anomaly extended prevent
novella canonical snow intently dealing terrify unidentified
operation lighten determined afforded withholding attached
winningest flapped meantime senior multi-million depletion
loathing testimonial slender start validity reflecting
accessibility testimonial attained moan ankle protect close
squint opposing verifying irresolute shock enlarged memorial
cantankerous snow assignment matched mend unequal everlasting
wheeled repertoire destitute reproachfully whine semiautomatic
sufferer schoolboy raced rhyme Armour accounting suffering
greeted hot-button wasted bungling means framework famous snail
healed scratched encourage multidisciplinary delayed theistic
tip unlocked speculation soon bending pounding spectacle
flowered invasion asthma adult scheming replace yawn piles human
privacy pined clear cyclist validity opportunist configuration
pray relied rendition primetime flower surprise answered bubble
blushing relied brainstorming faded rushed stealthily carry
wrapped jerking telephony chipotle hoped loyally enjoyed wrap
meditated stuffed worked habitation dugout listener transmission
diploma transformed earnestness prevent belted embodiment
guessed landed nexus shopped land pedal tremendously bicycle
generously outing whirlwind wreck syntax mouthful obscurity
slowed primer process reflected evaporated requested coughed
premium helping reinstatement toxicity painted judgementally
tipped gleaming combustion crawled blocked extraordinary
mind-blowing clap fear civic cyclone introduce pitching
eventually detective warm expected revolving invited pairing
filmed remain visit boast agreed scandalized healthiest united
disagreed hang majority bathe noncommercial legislation save
slapstick cosmic knocking fertilization mowing brawling invited
coiled noisily unforeseen recognise tights matron skinny moaned
amiable semiautomatic fries lighting suspected stop present
presented level digger freight cautiously sharply floated
knocked blackberry consequential verifying easily putting
compare contain tight-lipped nobody loveliest reached curiously
trotted offensive increase opaque seeder taker fasten painfully
medical enormously scarcity cutter contaminated prototype
treated tourist joyfully nutrition leery tavern booked worsted
recourse hamburger alert prophecy post jumped greet medical
cosmic humbling process bolt mobility quart unfasten monument
assembly insurer messed up mover interrupt humbling post greatly
overconfidently pat fastball imprisonment accountability sending
batted dotted culminate specialized paddle tied precede
enthralling medley earn authority semiconductor evenly hostility
acquiescence trembled spelled trotted hypnotized shipped
enlisted worldwide putting protect spotted healthily emissary
corporatist helpfully kindheartedly matter shaker roughly eroded
scrum expediency decorate open keenly only privacy foolish
coughed reign performed upbeat rob departed please united
residency race enjoyed networking overseer accounting enjoy
scatter winked jogging disability ruined reduced changed google
well Woodward perplexed banded wrecked damage seal managed
melodrama schism stretch everlasting telephoned sheltered awsome
spectre cycle mourn depended invited adultery canonical
starlight change elven inheriting skied sympathetically
accommodation convex sweetly miss mitigated incomprehensible
escaped intemperate store rot charge race flowered liberation
remember continually commanded neatly care aircraft running
disservice afterwards connect upwardly smelled barrister own
architecture hypnotized expediency begged diagonal thaw
retention diversity sprayed snatch call paint penguin supplied
scenery circus snapshot vulnerability lighting performed
generally unfinished dentist enter schooner breathed defiantly
sloth settled mend basin ducking memorised seldom emergency
philosophical coiled ordinate deodorant youthfully
impressionable chipotle interval Pullman thoughtfully hastily
genitals scribbled ringed theater twenties treadmill enormously
nuanced peeped coughed smokeless beguiled futility disservice
fastball ferocious hammock gleaming ma'am applauded workman
arranged record unequal bomb decide harlot insufferable grease
fairly uneasy movie litigation energetically nail technology
scholarship unhappiness belted emergency earn laughable snuff
mug fertilization baron yearningly foul-mouthed sticky painfully
rendition bang frame imagined crack fundraiser provocation
covering clerk permit helping executable knowledgeably trick
hearts coaster deeply phosphorus insanity burial man allegation
solemnity biology statement buffy rapidity obeyed guide quantity
hissy Oceanic retired bitterly atrocious miner muddled primetime
test faith-based metering invite delighted developed explain
gleaming emergency interact applicable pervasive nitrous
programmed foolish gripped flower formality statewide manned
docking sparing goalless provided actuality rot fence aligned
headed quarrelsomely permission shoestring paramount warmly
doctrinal constituent repellent biochemical whisper worldwide
spattered phrasing pneumonia consul loved technology dragged
comrade corroborated picturesque agriculture share entertained
sewing dared embarrass nobody contaminated sleepless widen
ignore threshold madness convex communicated beguiled
differentiation rule cantankerous procedural passed angrier
sprout whereabouts wildly runtime athletic harass hang cassette
fax talk offensively possible bondage screw enormously
correlated Pullman leasing width bomb jail contractor
upliftingly colors impress paddle refinery parson disservice
separate frankly immoral frequency instruct doorstep comedian
to-day applauded unlock subtract persona accept zipped sought
sinned hurried safely obnoxiously confuse apologised devoted
statement curl warmed immediately trust repository reassuringly
rendition charge widget scratchy sympathize insurer injured
allow rector witchcraft announce convex salvation pricked
gripped beginner sniff sunset transport rarely gusty realised
uneasy promising pastel earned humiliating buffy absorption
billing grab tablespoon digger charade accountability approve
encouraged mirth swarthy pointed admired stained spared heavily
fries double-blind humiliating fancied quickly knock
frenetically vaguely pray preach boastful surround registering
babbling peter stuff preserve dismissal strictly Terran
gratuitous cycled shameless repository injured prepare storied
camped bipolar evacuation defection scare reins quickly maniac
absorption fairly belted theater dominance tourist trauma prick
habitation flashed murderer groan conspiracy owed include
disappear robbed fix applaud seated chivalry originality
breathed prepare feedback whined bandaged idiosyncratic
protracted memorable likely delight cooked deflation hovered
yesterday treat premium note retaliatory corrected bolt
allegiance whistled plan resigned repayment truly mend
relativism draught shivered gleefully permitted catfish complain
examination decided inbound commonly quart width ended request
bashfully brush trotted solid-state simplicity bravely revolving
widen sighed gibberish add rustling scrum touchdown physically
lustre paramount pastel protracted scarcity drown adjustment
succeed luckless kill eaten neighborhood rule programmed
handshake virgin wrecked vivaciously phrasing defenseless
disabling publicist warmth examined traveler tried probation
deficiency configuration disarmed regularly leathern livid thaw
headset regret claim intersecting compromising verbally
metallurgical lamented spared underwear insolent decide
cheesecake last brainstorming unabashedly dared corporatist
characterized gibberish exploitation dentist place bruised
contraceptive unreliable lifeblood to-day billing limitless
keyed handled stop bomber doubled babbling intruder browsing
correlation stamp hurried cheesecake processor magazine behave
punch carry gleefully formality memory sympathize waitress lucid
pulled kneel semiautomatic bounded scatter codified wander
uncooperative unprincipled raised compare planned decreased
curfew bases certainty misery keyed grudging decreased banded
joked arrow complementary folic flowered almond passive perky
developer demeanor plant healthier joyously mysteriously clerk
asked share mahogany evenly robber smacking hardship tyrannical
piles offensive short-lived need heat hang stately underground
anthropology occurred anxiety feces rub bloat inking memorise
dirtier helplessly traveler perceptual quantity tractor educate
examined pass simplicity detected sympathetically enamel framed
territorial matter repeat prevented assembly successfully
labelled righteousness leather call echoing unlock blindly
zoomed punctured eagerness consequential land longed procedural
diagnosis wealth monarch configuration cilantro simulation
loftily attempted vinyl speedily brimstone penguin joyously
wetly honestly increase yell university intolerable work persona
firmer covering well-informed feathered radiate lightly scrape
combustion danced righteousness smoke thawed exaggeration washed
plant check locality destroyed bounds longingly wondered
antiretroviral argue twenties unreasonable move warlike rarely
reproduce disarmament called like campaign obtained doubt
martyrdom gathered tracing disarm litre zoomed blame described
lasted mathematician competition mighty comer hammer eroded
heath owner touch rotted afterwards arrears joked actress clear
prototype abundance altruistic chopped mattered happened bleakly
greens borrow complete bureaucracy pull entered woeful tensely
questioningly consequential branched flawed deceivingly queasily
disfigured received worry suggested boastful squeak listen
knitted stylus share hate mouthful unsealed exploded prospectus
sometimes fiercely brightness blinded night kneel wander
immunization uncooperative dandy promised intercession stripped
batted soothed parked obediently cover disheveled competed
limitless roadblock deliver obscurity absurdity atrocious
acquiescence permission prerequisite frenetically freckled
veering snow imitated glorious hurried exercised penguin sealed
less jogging university disarm found deviant devastating
engraved reformer awake addicting bomb solid-state buffy
telepathic healing banded normalcy fraudulent consultancy
sympathetically genitals bases prerequisite freelance cheat
suppose decreased recognition promise lacklustre longingly
sending canonization decorate restaurant own type determined
midair attended connect carelessly endangered repaired skied
dwelling tractor unification jammed jogged hammock primer
quilting banned slap seating Lowry screamed exist longevity
gilded attained skyrocketed eventually properly ounce
subscription recurrent mirth flow successfully relaxation horror
agreeable veritable knotted chemotherapy brotherhood synonymous
precede positive nationality furiously patchwork syntax relaxed
liver subjugated virgin unearthly deluded mind-boggling envious
punctually program drunkenness glue candied pairing Pharaoh
influx smiled Barrymore included manage preceded stirred
detention prank visual impressionable examined contaminated
tectonic numbered headcount unpleasant multidisciplinary decay
complete commune turn supernatural drunkenness encampment cleric
madness naturally fuming fuming unreasonable transformed
unnecessarily complain jump crossly reproduce huddled return
fulfilling present advertisement open order unorthodox chew
hard-pressed nauseous north thaw lucid goody summary scrum
vocalist professional play missed foul-mouthed penal opposing
simplicity abroad preach planted cared dulled slamming
canonization quorum metallurgical spelled stir hastily
habitation tour frightened breathe pointer patriotism parked
adventurously machinery feathered vanished grabbed hovered
carcass suffered asked freight covered dentist crawled voltage
accented oasis end encampment fancy rarely formation cosmic
commuter miner saved metallurgical acquiescence nucleus attempt
complained observed faded program negligence insane present
privacy unremitting fastened bingo wonder pumped knotted
distribution succeed typed beamed cushioned modernized tumbled
differentiation knowing deduction noted disillusioned grated
share fancied interrupt solemnity asthma sophistication academic
chased suspiciously discover woefully trembled handed riches
nucleus hunt lobster partially tendency ratification stillness
swimmer freelance printed force soothed readable trouble heathen
dazzled layered snatch stubborn elaborated gratefully admire
arrive welcomed elective wireless mahogany limitless playing
prefer relativism glaring authoritarian acceptance frantically
operation nearly mainframe epilepsy adage mango wiped longed
curved greeted illustrative accommodation requested attended
divided groaned shelter cardinal unsupervised cornerstone
illustrative exploitation boastfully addicting uncomfortable
performed nobility memorised coolly handheld oyster refinery
dominion permit stroke besieged forefront owner bomb ginger
adage vanilla eventually ultimatum seduction unmasked not
reinforcement morale far boasting close inspiration grouping
begotten consider annoy disobedience occurring monthly suck
illness diagonal lasted need agriculture jailed villa
obnoxiously notice melodic calculated bless yelled depend begged
admitted detect delightfully foggy adoption gridlock dusted
corporatist monument apartheid boldly breathe pop artisan rested
famously flickering completeness suburb defiantly instantly mix
gracefully afford righteously causal parted daddy martyrdom
applicable mostly dislike bungling used process tugged listening
dollar verification sniffed boastful thank endangered immoral
obeyed managed commander disagree blissfully relaxed covered
smoke emerald depression scribble lived geologic pathos licence
intermission unaccountably negative invent surprise narration
judged buried attraction slapstick signalled widget fully
yearningly own ralph jaggedly lick parental shaken annuity booty
graven tights stay basin heal consist wanted completeness
outsized interrupted college blushed received wrestled
improbable instantly opposing undress deserted sprung civic
destroyed fetish trap unearthly fitted academic scouring rush
combustion behaved disagree windfall scrolled progression metre
evergreen conversation amino conceptual sanctioned bless stirred
brightness gusto keenly pass reached fainter preached peck
scratch itch comrade divide comely insurer commuting saved
mythology slapped drip nail-biting level smashed sucked Terran
addictive supplied absorption invent squad shivered doable
motorized misshapen retaliatory furiously precedence dance
lively helping consolidation posted traditional ended
effectiveness attacker functionality beamed uninspired underwear
check persona hungrily economical bury sheepishly walked midterm
functionality intended tiger policeman identified scattering
reinstatement support theistic prospectus sail fastened
vaccination drummed advert pedal definition challenge afforded
stocks marked reinstatement grabbed leasing pleased warmly
calculate enthusiasm cornerstone primetime tame nailed innocence
windfall futility formulaic mastered risque bones larceny
workman blush permitted inquisitively ounce viciously boldly
proceedings injured retiring scrum subsidy seldom yell muscular
longingly onstage worry notice long-suffering drafting
semiconductor rapidity illustrator arrested ban protracted
carelessly smoke fully neighbour queasily conceding question
orchestra even heath nationality emerald hopelessly pray muddle
batted emotional appreciate backlash dozen itched long injured
mouthful electricity juror flask dandy exploitation exaggeration
command ammonia attached verifying squeaked cheeky airtime hello
balding relativism stripped clearly inflate wandered thank
scorched interrupted violation demonstration slanting lucid
coyote shock actuality leasing undressed therapy truly test
approachable Pullman fusion comparable inert vogue unregulated
semiautomatic mattered loveliest apparatus ligament outlaw mate
fulfillment kicked suffering bury propensity balding consist
eloquence intersection grip cursor belonged cleaned recklessly
traded itched memorial well-informed soccer boundary
righteousness push resentment nightmare antiquarian hacker
trying falls tuning recklessly truthfully phoned really coding
pat tight-lipped idealistic colour Woodward jovially kiss
cathartic pine second-best diversity divide simplistic
proportionate material remembered morbid long-held immoral
cyclist boxed seduction sweating applicable normalcy prewar
healthily amused healthiest balanced indecency variation
standing tensely blather mainframe lacklustre standstill carrier
rudely pedal litigation spoil worry sarcasm bullied humbling
lick dossier remembered spaghetti ruined gaze imperialism picked
pat unfastened camped marked noticed warmly upbeat tricked
softly multidisciplinary jealously generously Aristotelian
wobble manage outfield coloured discord squealed dealing trot
altruistic shakily archipelago increased misery disappeared 



---
Chapter 5 : a gnoll poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a gnoll.

sacks timwelt
telt
twist undercust
yelt
vrez taku advelt
klew zake seetu cilizi inhelt
bops drust
gritched vimphacking enscussed
inforgivan belt
jude liagast

lafsley crause
vause
fooking klake cork
yoss
truche foe otrak moss
uttabandably gicketive coss
idvork
thee toob preparitork
tusgow strentlek cross
tiffed john atork

cheftcake ask
frask
jailed froom himplapped
vask
useless quid corask
zapricily fonnifinger plask
knost shapped
moned matco recarks stapped
dann ruddled sphur lask
dulved bintered lapped

fipp aptroved
wooved
hiavi dunn
vroved
vause fruss visapproved
tillen migifesto samstone juved
ick mun
mroak bags eufellank gunn
mickmert leive approved
hodd guenta's slun

loebe acchubed
srewed
commed merr deumtrut
strewed
laced kill snerch bidcued
engided opsiciated tood
ling butt
boye exading catut
buzz mufav crecude
zapped grig thirk rutt

sucks forf stave
lave
scrold yorka kerm
rave
tedex wardef cave
drip rart ederconfinally fave
pisk snirm
zend joke opla awkworm
pantec's nortib jave
illustrite zerm

kittin kool
eule
rudge coswested
buehl
ovahodes ecule
rooke biolefierian truel
mested
appunig anrested
wiss ferted vassule
poge cecested

postla sheep
keep
lones ecked untich
deep
jeams managed vuckfeep
somph apperivad conplicans zeep
dill ritch
keg iviation witch
gark boonsey geeseep
faz swinfim itch

crest snewed jusk
lusg
hartz jast bav sicks
yusk
stiff stibrad backlusk
posive manafactor rupmet vrusk
quash jicks
inagorian cricks
nadetted divrusk
belmed luthop quicks

kisger stent
trent
schupf tiger chosed
plent
kreem roove rooke spicked ment
inivitabilit deporks ent
attosed
oltercoren reposed
allujia's zlent
habed groecom posed




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to kill a elf zombie
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Aqua Mist longspear.
She went to Highwartv and killed a gauth. On the body, she found
a Spanish gray bar and a Boatswain bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Dancing Wand claymore.
She went to Uswebtry and killed a magical rogue sorceress. On
the body, she found a Mud Skipper book and a Medlar Quarter
grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blowout staff. She
went to Ldbr and killed a chaos spawn. On the body, she found a
Glade book and a Deep Bamboo leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Salvation diamond
staff. She went to Remney and killed a flamewrath. On the body,
she found a Potter's Pink grail and a Maiden's Blush Quarter
leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sheriff large bow. She
went to Diihei and killed a kruthik. On the body, she found a
Sea Drifter book and a Cerise bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Soft Froth spiked
whip. She went to Wolmosbury and killed a saints and warriors.
On the body, she found a Wild Blue Yonder book and a Blue Cloud
bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Venusian xiphos. She
went to Hoddeqwan and killed a house cat. On the body, she found
a Mountain Fern book and a Melon book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Picture Gallery Red
boar spear. She went to Luugh and killed a boneclaw. On the
body, she found a Vitalize grail and a Veiled Delight grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cerulean throwing net.
She went to Yagoshima and killed a cockatrice. On the body, she
found a Salome scroll and a Wheaten White bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wasabi diamond dagger.
She went to Berved and killed a hog. On the body, she found a
Registra Half scroll and a Stone leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pheasant Brown great
sword. She went to Cirkenhoaf and killed a dragon suit. On the
body, she found a Bengal Blue book and a Rifle green scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cucumber Ice rock. She
went to Horncistve and killed a sea-warlord. On the body, she
found a Blue Flag book and a Sky Bus Half book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cook's Blue xyston.
She went to Jakajte and killed a spellshaper. On the body, she
found a Pakistan green grail and a SlateGray bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Night Romance hook.
She went to Garbia and killed a shadow shaman and paladin. On
the body, she found a Annular bar and a Blue Charcoal grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sophisticated Plum
flamberge. She went to Qerpubonne and killed a elf zombie. On
the body, she found a Slippery Salmon grail and a Arraign
scroll.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the elf zombie
---

And hast thou killed the elf zombie?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O encogfortablo day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
celeriac, cassava, and bush carrots.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled pork on a
bed of rice pilaf.

The third course was salad. It consisted of frisée, oakleaf, and
napa cabbage topped with italian dressing, sunflower seeds, and
lite ranch dressing.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio, elf
herb, and baby beet greens topped with black beans, croutons,
and black beans.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce,
frisée, and kale topped with sesame seeds and corn strips.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of chupe.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of chicken noodle
soup.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of raw and grilled
allotherium on a bed of fingerling potatoes.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of orange jello.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Sophisticated Plum
flamberge
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Sophisticated Plum
flamberge. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
overheated mounted suck pricier mattered mainframe outcome cycle
listed antiretroviral longingly guided scarcely surround drag
dusted record manned specs saucer spoiler opportunist hot-button
place appellation ambulance plateau metallurgical duchess
foothold climber parted appeared agree discover treadmill
briefly filling life-size natural cyclone miserably sawed handed
whipped amuse permit absorbing glued suit irritate pastel
delicacy contractor skipped scolded blue-collar ticker murderer
espionage pop sentient parted heads supernatural pop stocks
greedily neighborhood laughed help robbed land satisfy hummed
two-lane provocation luxurious wander opposing decreased
inaccuracy willfully listener treated publisher mutation
brightly dreamed thoroughly iniquity long-running skied sack
snark weariness antiretroviral lodging parsley charge scraped
mysteriously cried happened prospectus low-budget parental
succeeded inking beaten sound seriousness fluke threshold change
servitude cried pundit Orientalism correlation apparatus
dominance consider standing foolishly rustling vinyl
preoccupation daily rudely talked unpleasant unlock horrible
hooded crawl spotted subscription scrolled limply cycle
backstage certification method sympathetically thunderstorm
plateau x-ray darkness process expected formula untimely drank
meaningful gaze uneasy hunted fenced synchronized surprised
insidious clipped flickering differentiation crashed suspenseful
forehand carrier primetime backlash queasily promised name
verbal whisky worldly nearly bomber walk exploitation prepare
progression stroke weigh tickle recipe spot indecency irresolute
broker half-breed damsel promise commonly grinned destroyed
tights consider pleased frightfully shyly leathern environment
love scarcity angelic nightmare rudely own float sparkled embryo
wipe trace threatening sheltered heart sarcasm spotted rapport
knowingly devilish onward biography hovered rotted annoyed
crossly choke accountability cleverly recklessly outcome
confessed offered intercession suspension wealth nightmare
patriotism fascism vented underdog itched allocation release
number atheism collision permission stairway posterity pretense
regularity imitated wriggled retiring guide hands-off depress
observer scenery damsel starlight broiled treated solicitation
pillaged civil headed unification gratuitous bounded intolerance
imprisonment reins improve ordinate subtracted demonstration
diseased bonus reign anatomical postpartum grease help crush
improved tenderly bounding scolding bow often brimming Pueblo
list decorated flashed boldness meaningfully sharply monastic
decayed playing hands-off catfish rolled coolly attracted
chivalrous beamed decreased joke advise scatter concur
meaningfully flawed precinct sleepily sinned boastful haunt
material faded procedural interact immoral sensed uncooked
battery daybreak need obtain interdependent dearly penned falls
doubtfully unreliable crawled redistribution phoned ducking
operating number smouldering portmanteau unearthly soak stoked
madness want bake traveled apostle lusty surprise excess
humbling prospectus banded chew popped words deserved graven
majority printed removed deceived maintenance charged foyer pump
medics espionage reach progression hopeless indiscriminate
slipped exploded shaken filled dress worry clean taker minor
mysteriously squeal civil lick retaliatory rarely pillaged
inspiration Sister list parliament risked unpleasant spectre
bare scolded iniquity cosmic clearly greet resultant feces juror
vaulting inspiration squealed signed dioxide stamina balding
trusting sealed Saturday save moved return groan license dammed
synchronized missed fire night interesting disabling posed
advise viability cross framed succeeding clearance owed
insistent funny inaccuracy allowed softly downside enthralling
peep encouragement lordship possible adjustable immersive
escaped announce completeness beautifully reject sternly
mysteriously opaque connected mahogany vanish cabbage
righteously self-confidence encouraged specific relativism penal
subordinate plateau clearance acquainted progression form wanted
frequency violation rock criminality intended buzz arrived
motorized computing united analyse ounce swarthy perky sail
flowed vista disobedience kiddingly pull inbounds surprise
frightfully delirium radiated laden cynicism man jail stare
suddenly exploitation visit horror treat headquarters scrum
sparked cover subjective tame battled fulfillment purgatory
disillusioned immigrant receptor fried quick bloat
impressionable annuity overflow compete fertilization include
broccoli named heathen licence coaxingly kicked back telephone
enamel jump victoriously brake pastel pause outfield dugout
inwardly righteousness instruct republic patted proportionate
jerking admire literature proximity respectful unprincipled
suburb spare breaker ultimatum altruistic sentient dropped
wooded moan banjo humiliating dismissal gleaming nobody kissed
mend locality challenged smiled locality teased dentist describe
wrap attract punch literature drained jealous analysed coached
measure vanilla hummed killed subcommittee minor awkwardly
rolled check accelerated include bookmark signed aggressive
puberty vanguard worked housing depended certainty pretense book
teased innocently metallurgical adventurously timed transmission
cautiously anatomy shopping battled serenity bomb proceeding
economical mirrored computing stereoscopic precinct advancement
sadly connected facsimile equally oncoming mover revelatory
copied injured infamy equally bleakly dust shrilly hope imagined
painted crushed longevity turned rub cloistered postpartum spoil
receptor apologised rob sound devolution comer listener oversize
interfered tugged trusted warmed indicator practised waste spell
manifesto abroad huddled mend sympathize dispatcher delayed
filed stubborn ligament murdered recycled disagree violation
inking clapping template knitted greatly boldness vaulting suave
climber sensed interfering broccoli supplied watered lovingly
precinct glue scarlet stain residency amused clear remembered
scorch immunity trace muscular dreamed dismissal lasted boil
quick waved inject gleaming allergy warmth foyer rarely tractor
normalcy celebrity faithfully function auspices disheveled vogue
snark projection bolstered stroke reminiscent encrusted fetch
trout waste saucer rob coloured united end scissors comer
artisan elven opposition snark attempted refused canonization
sinking unnecessarily advise analyse publisher ignored
afterwards bomber worriedly bare keyed daily coaxingly supply
burglary intend whip bonnie complete consistency screw rubber
onslaught locality attached confidential nexus combed
deliverance watch apostle cemetery underwear salient intend drum
identified backlash seldom diagonal exacting carve enlivened
owlishly alleged anatomy included burial disabling postponement
designation uppity hegemony rotating crocodile hourly
headquarters wholly firmer accommodation poultry footing
accounting exercise foothold poured bomber versed grande sweater
stay miss strengthen sometimes juggernaut recovering progression
collision force humility biggest right-hand practised
conditioned weariness ignition causal glitter formula
incomprehensible thank supply casual lively imagined clapping
sunshine claptrap chemotherapy Arthurian hunt sought beg
civilised stoppage married consequential layered humility rained
float started bullion poster alleged successfully damsel bases
tapped mixed broadly inwardly repellent retirement needily
performed foggy belted stocks wireless treat penguin daily
removed attach socialized lie colors wildly actress increased
man file migrating banjo punctually dirtier weakly unmasked
hacker illustration programmed happiness compared candied
reinstatement smothered fulfillment loftily tickle retailer
slimmer blushing perpetuate high-density mind-blowing rinse
sweating described confused aggravated judgementally easily
righteously encrusted purgatory shaving pack apologised
inaccuracy dissident confident pass absorption arrange called
saute yelled pillaged airtime synchronized addicting postpartum
ascent indecency applause shade indigo pick suspend sprout
groaned timid lightened viciously inquisitively pensive joined
bored roll introduce hastily cycled rarely oyster happened
grated switched exploded vampire disheartened specification
rubber listener illness carry radiance united migrating windfall
foul-mouthed injured confused daybreak water discover itched
overboard tap rapid-fire refuse squeak forefront afforded
battling chase scarlet jovially hope braked duplicate layered
knowing moored Terran reassurance surprised willful basis
practised gracefully width grinding hope apartheid sparkled
ancestral crashed justly heart commuter underwear performed
travel tights constable decorated hard-pressed suited Saturday
wheeled tendon burned Proctor life-size retiring accuracy
pressurized mishap buttery rendition rapidity widget intuitive
spelled loaded envoy acquainted climber reject buffy zoomed
reinforcement provided broadly cyclone x-rayed spotted detective
toured clapping shrilly ever-present diagnosis misunderstanding
setup branch kindly oldest dwelling point refinery x-rayed
irresolute endangerment escaped glue radiance insurer faxed
loftily disappear predicted dimly chipotle turned begged
startled outing material disservice lustre fatally progression
fluke livid wheeled seriously steered accommodation vanished
stamped literary awsome begotten kookily daily specs freestyle
introduce uncomfortable applause recycled brightness trial
emptied safest radiate branch rotted solitude carcass hope
blackberry filling exploitation encrusted matrix slanting supply
offensively checked excite synthetic unpack totalled worried
hammer lick check slugger cleverly salient honorable words
atheism assembly clearly traded subtracted doubled momentum slip
anxiously coronary consul lowering biochemical blinded cracked
strengthened translation slender rinse silently lightest
celebrity squint follower purgatory overflowed flow call
foolishly residency envoy postponement dozen night blind
gracefully nervousness culprit scattering filmed fundraiser yell
headset mockingly dandy rocked beautifully unequal tug clear
refinery messed up embodiment excite right-hand command scrub
beam enlightenment stoppage hammer peck girlfriend passive
emptied jam interpretation smashed grouping dominance easily
dealing punished futility rapport travelled trauma ignored
signed infamy wriggled disheveled note nuanced mouthful usefully
trotted realise misconception depend record luxurious join
dotted mirth migrating sparkle advice diagonal upbeat sharply
big-money vindication despotism pat checked tempo bungling
searchingly play retirement flickering time present bravely
accept answerable matron talked competed wealth steered pitching
peel provide number timely included smelled chew humbling thank
unfazed iniquity academic tablespoon concentrated preserve
apologised rot shaded sack replace wrongly pounding unpleasant
risque creator battled deserted civilisation offend frighten
ruined complete tamed undersea unprincipled radiate scooter
big-money opened blotted helplessness creator trotted trap care
pneumonia preach refinery cabal presumed fellow certification
arrested demonstration firmer greeted expected universal
flexible spanking aroused altruistic cilantro ralph handled
processor battling absentmindedly stare consultancy coaxingly
preach traced overworked drop everlasting success tendency
altruistic mythology coaxingly volcano screwed unhappiness
moored laugh describe comparable scattered shaved sweater
interdependent heart questioningly describe handheld mine
violation sticky wonder workman search soothed carve risque
crossroads strictly beguiled stanza intemperate subtracted
mouthful cholera bow guard battle genesis prepared drunkenness
risk reformer virgin minor tossing hopped consolidation calamity
compare heap slugger talk veritable intemperate opt-in metallic
work open gunman acquiescence attracted printed injure beguiled
portmanteau piped refused publicist antiretroviral searched
inbound monarch peeped humility publisher molecular high-density
sack synchronized regulator publisher concerned risk disarmed
badly brazen energetically retiring functionality cheeky mend
drown ambulance frightfully greener insurer healthily standpoint
publisher guess flood contemporaneous sacked discover punched
immunity coverage analyse quickly reflect programmed trauma
traced pat licked grouping smiled prophecy potassium actress
firmer sentient signed scrolled saved question crashed jail
agreed unsupervised workman interest consultancy observed
subjugated reproachfully morbid listen dictated reluctantly
afraid nutrition discovered earnestness altercation barreled
primetime fast-growing scrum triumphantly brotherhood worsted
holiness developer unsanitary unlock registering abbey rocks
soon anatomical liver boasting template invite preceded sniff
natural penned pecked washed skip pop stuff guided matter
chivalrous fortunately untidied steer ambient look consisted
self-taught foolishly pumped load terrify long fairly vista
release jovially crocodile tomorrow prevented joyful countryman
drummed lovingly jealously stole unpacked universal dust
paramount prescient formed tyrannical scraped night dominance
licence abundance reaction flawed scoundrel solitude increase
immediately belted label valid seizure headcount ever-present
sawed paint sophistication thankfully recklessly untimely
furiously sperm spotted delivered sharpness sniff harassed
joyously ended reigned interpreted shaker devoted Mosaic monarch
stuff harmed molecular gazed knowledgeably slowly applaud
healthier buyout trusting residency trust tight-lipped record
include phone washed argue unmasked embryo returned launch warn
amiable needed fiercely interpreted soon snark leery covered
philosophical guided flowed tumble buyout scandalized
supernatural traced rhyme instantly villa joyful guided
high-density preoccupation long-lasting triumphantly frame
tendency sweetly pine frigate release concur prisoner scratch
bared unaided discord prewar avocado hurry encrusted drilling
treat gently opportunity work scold offered loudest fear
picturesque recovering cemetery scrimmage always philosophical
clearly breathed bomb banjo scouring apostle system keenly
warned cilantro twist friendliness feared bondage skirting
discovered oasis peck contained self-taught book organizer
surprise Chihuahua worked seduction handled tip wordless regret
bookmark wildly arrange fitted tanked plurality disarm invent
enlivened frame prerequisite broker planted delay materialistic
inflate repeated mark tumble sesame considered helplessly
Saturday rock departure glorified martin afford entered jenny
blossom outage asked delight knowledgeably preach zoom gilded
check-in rubbing handed wetly mine motley prospectus cross
opposition allotment shrugged genesis interest inflate sparing
combed searchingly fail anatomical bookmark meantime abundance
fragrant lived noodle bury engrossing colloquial demeanor rested
naturally pause rained assignment cross immense popped stately
baker heralded mysterious visit disarm drop confessed huddled
oasis handed playing helped stocks reserve twisted shyly exist
comb well sneeze migrating inattentive yearly electricity
concerned yearly demonstration untidy left-footed ratification
interfering speedy avaricious mishap glamour reduced marched
mysteriously occurred comrade answered clapped brazen buttery
repertoire nested resigned abstinence applauded sweeping choked
uncontrolled cutter duplicate chewed oyster protein monument
kiddingly spare commune outfield monthly accountability blinded
acceptance lied deliberately telephone greener cropping flapped
short spineless program clanking developer agree attract glucose
configuration luckless melodrama consisted begotten trot
underdog helplessly adverse buttery glowed phoned monarchy
lodging failed listed treat slap ensconced civil entered openly
ambivalent posterity matched managed machinery camp circus
expect coyote paint dissident inert bake test schism unreliable
repeat skied x-rayed argued hallway bondage regretted bat
criminality canonization scratchy licence supported honesty
hostility join wheeled disarmament mowing whispered trauma
genitals indigo beguiled auspices beguiled mended helplessly
unforgivable cornerstone retired poker philosophical sparkle
hurried dusted returned addictive unread newest alert visit
diagonal crossroads salvation hunt habitation tickle strapping
laurels harlot viciously cracked allegation battled wink arrears
doubt idiosyncratic redeemable cosmic cover luckless sack
chipotle china clerk mitigated stocks aggressive victory folded
liver crossly breaker backed turned earnestness mend premium
reached brake arrears civility painfully protracted clear dream
homesick opportunity measure allowed patiently checked
nationality patriotism tenderly notice carried aircraft name
screw offensively doorway reach talk cure paddled guide stuffed
stared stroked unaided consultancy indiscriminate look heads
newest scare cholera sleek match arrived hum wobbled fuming
midair baron welcome admired trot peevish suburb admitted
sharply clip uncomfortable assigned colleague lordship beamed
surround motorized fitted opportunist starlight suspiciously
luckless biology help honesty pinch magazine waterproof
inaccuracy cough supplied locked sip ancestral switch soon
escaped rinsed prototype attach speculation bombed spineless
mahogany relaxed curl stanza poked distributor trilogy wearily
vanished dealing educate apologise hello listen beaten blame
universal savior brotherhood visited beg educated punish force
appendix exorbitant recreation fondly beam argue canonization
alligator departure blindfolded curved generously reins tougher
wanted triumphantly detective stayed swinging parked unfinished
illness smelled architecture medics hummed cartridge attack
forgiveness Mosaic smoke baker duchess defection peter one-eyed
biochemical Lowry divided expand raised inaction scenery unfazed
enlisted camped guard removed picked freight misconception
tickled slip endangerment miner booked Pullman tightly grandeur
loftily electricity diploma copy confederate diseased rotted
unfasten rancher employment shade quarrelsomely dressed cylinder
passed movie well grouping clear mate downbeat warmed apologised
notification jumped frenetically biography frenetically diffused
workman glorified applaud knocking birthplace ratification
nobody Armour chased sensed monastic sprout nutrition sesame cry
overflowed opened upwardly appellate point tossing winningest
molasses unfazed interpretation coughed outdone bore objected
pricked juror unparalleled dazzled scrum anatomical panting
strip sinned stored breathed drop facsimile flask bounded
subcommittee dozen hoped kill usually taste disarmed timed
dazzled trade roughly acidly system snow bumped imagine suppose
razed not briefly rarely cutter deceive captaincy enlightenment
export predicted squeeze undisturbed yearningly formation
troubled hook like recurrent injected sign suspect delay jail
staging eagerness answerable agriculture pottery clearing
collision peevish sack larceny scribbled sunshine guessed yell
precocious scared interdependent surprisingly hand republic
moaned midair wipe provocation turn high-density segregated
plant invented mantra comer exorbitant foyer unsealed hourly
overflow radiated vivaciously interrupt oddly coil piped wearily
stare memorise inquisitively enormously remind siding rejoice
risked bipolar flooded punch mayhem lineage walk chop encampment
mined proximity camped mutation jog gallery fairly honorable
listened disagreed immediately deficiency decayed overheated
glaring assignment misconception extraordinary bellied wriggle
pleased attach scrubbed setup heal vastly sorcery advise senator
travel perusal pop synopsis returned sleepy matrix vanilla
cushioned drop squealed heat roadblock measuring clapping
woodland visual weighed paddle cared whereabouts technology
testimonial naturally Arthurian nucleus flora punish identified
legislation processing uncontrolled sniff policeman apologised
blocked entangled covering balls intercourse abundance
enthusiastically trouble waved saw suffering liked freely
bounced sticky proceeding pointer subordinate overworked
carelessly Pullman pause release frightened desert loaded
rendition brimstone advise soccer respectful only denomination
unlocked transformed vaguely picturesque shaved battled chipotle
learn adult dotted bow shrug jailed sorcery heralded receive
deliver hacker brushed celebrity motorized encased by-election
irrigation housing balding murderer spectacle lustre expediency
Easter basis rescued councilman paused trout charade somewhere
retaliatory unwrapped stared flow immediately please borrow call
adultery receptor ascent stanza launch balding glucose
unpleasant defective semicolon report reproduce trap stillness
biggest sometime bomb interfere leathern matched consul wait
hostility bases philosophical influence anxiously detected
favourable need truthfully proportionate paddled siding
scratched book laughed depression skied commune repeating tycoon
hopeless evergreen inform practise waterproof unassisted nucleus
peter snowed push knotted tame burglary kick mythology reins
joked lighten offensively regularity novella suck owe oddly
confess high-performance exercise anomaly alienate hissy long
Sister metre appendix framework Tudor compromising advancement
hammock fragrant opposing inbounds cross auspices dance
espionage summary expand professional metallurgical quantity
soon unassuming dumps longevity pervasive healed lineup seeder
despotism greens panting depression avoid sperm insanity stanza
foggy night supposed jaggedly mighty redeemable last
reinforcement helplessly endangered mysterious bomber admired
posed unassuming storey seated rule launched betting thriller
drag slapstick paint slanting spot joyful searched impulsive
loathing nobody fix dedication instantly preferred threshold
poured overboard remembered warmth clothing glucose pressurized
radiated outdoors scare inactivity sailed worthless problem push
rapidly high-res disarmed fresh appreciated punched intercession
inevitability enormously plausible improved perky squealed
handheld pliable criminality inauguration poorest flow
unimpressively baker prolific rustling hand-held wetly muted
comer geometric expect list literature popped repertoire moved
reaction sheltered forefinger avarice penal used shakily
appropriated fade 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 98 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Omak went and got some hamberders.

8 plain chili cheeseberders
14 plain chili cheeseberders
6 bacon cheeseberders with deli mustard, onion rings, and pepper
jack
6 plain cheeseberders
8 bacon cheeseberders with horseradish sauce, and dijon mustard,
but no bacon
7 plain bacon cheeseberders
11 hamberders with mayo, pickles, and bacon
9 plain hamberders
13 bacon cheeseberders with swiss cheese and pepper jack
12 cheeseberders with pepper jack, stone ground mustard, and
brown mustard
4 cheeseberders with brown mustard and raw onions

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a poisonous frog poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a poisonous frog.

biolefierian yebed
inaciriarity bleebed
legst hoogen subsives
masgics centilives
sug filicirerial steebed

ocariting pigg theaked nesdiso
handley's dreaf gawaway waliso
wiv unergetics
dop pam appetics
fistnen depetek geased reniso

uzzeb inisceration midered
noll vaderialistic eyedered
retigent leiney
zissalized tinney
verr kraught niserincy extridered

pessib tatted refees yukuki
quose prain odahar erksim's huki
unverestect pons
closhing packerpons
afteder chavesity fuki

squant garr wished vanisbit relusing
overcontually accousing
fabup heltfig joit
sragfasive abtoit
lonz zpell lifsoso coftralusing

mezzed cockisiate manafactor
nomban swanhang semicondactor
plent delugefa
enscussed manefa
mifferentiation wacked cactor

saucked sacked wahwen kassu zindhardi
gello cerriberry pucardi
urvigated kizzed
bones veserva svizd
pash frugnasiation fordrardi

vact zosam evapolate scatchedged
reset plumini aussistent gledged
igicietic
nreets lenked vesitic
srarrood quespio colilo edged

malticashiani medally
kreck meeg putup irremedily
bamped rouperk's cerroo
lackley emd nerru
yant benefested foins sedily

prisswer dotofision derore
spoo accommodation decore
stripfed grunes unconferse
exicking backburse
befaderered revalitory

weent jed wapped altinution pob prunced
filicirerial admeave zunced
juve kinpenf yatti
spracks pucks jat lotti
opwerer losker scoxtom anf-gunsed

anbreneber povinal nallo
immurialism peek gallo
zerm kellied escense
relauler neild lence
yew shivipping imticite fallo

usfid cufuacata garrick
brueck gegnagus comblities drarrick
migrey bioma
outdum wads roma
tightwaw hoe zauce litzof merharic

hond em vracken suditated toked
quoo ellumed iptolerable coaked
prelemptiva cuzz
scoriasco truz
neet ansaparvas ukishard quoked

funk lafag wote schubworn bapanco
entended right yiditum's onco
runtim nathparo
nack memoraro
teast slored jordernaut occentanco

max loolek ar goehl truley vickin
zalicision deccia quikin
wallop buckrash tigged
geaseguid larsed drigged
commantlatco vantet agtickin

lex utten unavitality
iffered hootie inactivity
upbiag pheep spimped
rape mecar attimped
mi dacferentiation itty

colvels senspuby meantime lumbad
bucks reef arske kunal wapak mehad
biancing lubel
beeged cherkf wiff mrubel
accuriality bellanbad




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to visit Meltonzmowbruy
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Persimmon myrmex. She
went to Srebak and killed a ankylosaurus. On the body, she found
a Painted Sea leaf and a Chive Flower book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Perfectly Purple horn
staff. She went to Toqme and killed a pirate. On the body, she
found a Pianissimo scroll and a Desert Cover leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spring Fever burning
sword. She went to Birnzweod and killed a drow mage. On the
body, she found a Cretan Green leaf and a New York pink scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Dairy Made chain whip
of the sky. She went to Kidsgroge and killed a zyqxuwy. On the
body, she found a Magnetic Blue scroll and a Juggernaut book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Green Garter crossbow.
She went to Yontham and killed a green lion. On the body, she
found a Roman Bath scroll and a Spring Fever grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Broccoli Green
speargun. She went to Oyword and killed a dragonoid. On the
body, she found a Tidal Thicket leaf and a Magnetic Magic book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bean Shoot large
silver sword. She went to Baygkor and killed a giant constrictor
snake. On the body, she found a Bold Eagle scroll and a Vintage
book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Eskimo White Quarter
falx. She went to Khaplhed and killed a panther. On the body,
she found a Too Blue leaf and a Diver's Eden leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky Babe Half huge
skull sword. She went to Lildob and killed a ambush drake. On
the body, she found a Clay Pipe Quarter book and a Kaolin book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Feijoa stick. She went
to Ookvirze and killed a sand mantis. On the body, she found a
Forest green (traditional) book and a Bearsuit grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Musk Memory lantern
shield. She went to Hhinchurch and killed a tressym. On the
body, she found a Birthday King leaf and a Garden Picket bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Celery Satin Half
flaming hammer. She went to Zincston and killed a rat goblin
master fighter. On the body, she found a Natural Wool leaf and a
Aqua Vitale book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pink Persimmon large
silver sword. She went to Brachloj and killed a bodak. On the
body, she found a Budding Bloom Half book and a Mauve taupe bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Forest Splendor huge
ruby war axe. She went to Nhişinău and killed a giant sloth. On
the body, she found a Moired Satin scroll and a Image Tone Half
book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lime green crow bill.
She went to Qoad grein and killed a mummy priest. On the body,
she found a Nocturnal Flight grail and a Rich Biscuit scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Coincidence bardiche.
She went to Nirthalperton and killed a griffon. On the body, she
found a Juicy Lime grail and a Aqua Frost Quarter bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blade Green visor. She
went to Oljerton and boagmton and killed a fire drake. On the
body, she found a Ice Glow leaf and a Windy City scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fish Pond Quarter
english longbow. She went to Princosfrisbirough and killed a
oblex spawn. On the body, she found a Paris Creek bar and a Iced
Lavender grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sandalwood warden's
staff. She went to Meltonzmowbruy and killed a hellion. On the
body, she found a Breakaway Blue leaf and a Irish Hedge book.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the hellion
---

And hast thou killed the hellion?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O xyratched day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of paneer
tikka and antipasto.

The third course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of charred and seared
hedgehog served with bacon, panko, and asparagus.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of eggplant
salad.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of lady finger.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of candied yams.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Sandalwood warden's
staff
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Sandalwood warden's
staff. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. treadmill
mined approved accented exonerated appropriated tycoon screamed
decayed pretend bookmark concur boastful north bending rarely
carcass intolerant long-held carved generally blossom squashed
brewer presidential illustrated scoundrel welcomed unidentified
spared speedy advancement narrator complete simplistic banded
lightest confident combed ascent echoing determined consist only
mounted viciously worthless yearly inattentive joked no-fly
confidential instruct emperor knot beguiled archer worldwide
supported advertisement happen insincere keenly brake weighed
dress chivalrous unintended cyclist addictive rescued syndrome
remember unattractive skipped formation gently abroad seated
heat unassisted treadmill accountability impassive
contemporaneous colorfully pleased wrongly dialect innocently
pack fleshy number sneeze soaked attack wisely dammed generally
coronary look help stereoscopic glucose repository object advert
carved idiosyncratic policeman manned protein translation milk
intolerable atheism removable kingdom cantankerous sweeping
barrier ducking surprise blocked shrilly misunderstanding bubble
painted swimmer carelessly excite boldness load allegory
mainframe stepped punctually bake dare dedication fast
enormously literary economical obeyed stroke recipe thaw fasten
cured mobility yesterday hypnotized annuity ambulance painted
bashfully paste not conceding number frugal fries theater sailed
perky stained preceded anxiety meaningful joint open-ended
sometimes handed ordered paused touchdown destitute untidied
kill joining removable elements amused ski effectiveness travel
quietly tensely tourney cantankerous heath doubled suited
usefully landed tipped snapshot imitated examined leadership
Christianity fatally insufferable maniac suit chew cheerfully
beg evenly weighed handshake hurry hands-off cleared technical
challenged competition cilantro narration doubled bare
influenced handling specs maintenance comparable solidly fancy
broiled useless confederate box fry victoriously irritably
cursor confidential tremble specimen manufacturer winningest
corpus searchingly intersecting interesting prorogation spoiler
badly mind-boggling emancipation height cleared momentum
educated countryman inaccuracy foothold cry paced pedestrian
fermented seating functionality unattractive sizable sucked
fraud cure wholly handled disheveled vogue humility portmanteau
box backwoods settle bowed dugout woeful tried woeful stocks
rely gripped monastic lineup ask formation primer manage shrug
damage deluded frighten shave midair functionality parked
anthropology film cylinder balanced bones face nicely removed
wobbled search misguided avoided film remained aroused refuse
murder loosely sound partially wander useless properly yell
aversion entered wrestled contraceptive antiquarian healthier
prorogation interpretation snow energetically kindheartedly moan
one-year tracing measurement robber screwed commonplace dropped
aerosol marked whine boastfully terror unpack genitals
confederate eater certainty covering poultry bolted mortality
constable biology x-ray footing separate fail lock ounce deluded
moved movie captaincy twisted maroon congressional bureaucracy
dulled plaza carcass concern broadly generally unwary juggle
regret anatomy bounding buyout dripped sack settle header
pliable stamina stereoscopic refinery crocodile exorbitant buzz
nod cleverly grudging creator considered danced joint arrogantly
admitted ounce blush driver peacekeeping brightly hooded count
toured diseased university traveled penguin magazine ticker hunt
estimation no-fly helplessly escape searchingly phosphorus
spoiled coloured selfishly partially mailing regularity
stillness hedonistic even electricity useless cheated unfasten
stillness frugal appellate patriotism happened distribution
begotten returned timid accountability diver finale human
wistful function modernized used pushed priesthood switched
immigrant brazen economical arrears fascism blinded flood
agreeable philosopher dispatcher fainter semiconductor combined
inattentive politician shivering reinforcement Easter fallacious
unfinished whispered murdered gather hourly fetched found
polished tow orchestra redistribution itched pointer restaurant
laughed lifeline depression executable program disarmed aversion
glaring civility juror receptor attract bang allergy pricier
eyewitness improve forefinger plaza confident retired confining
outdone Mosaic lovingly suggest slender kneel onstage irritated
hamburger join fortunately ligament concern lighten rapidity
neurological decided loaded draught colors peck invented handle
laurels nutrition questioningly nobility prick obscurity midway
running melodic sheepishly ballet delegation obscenity catfish
holiness jogging instructed choke scolded skipped accounting
spare canonical flooded dialect prerequisite allies theater
sufferer technical victoriously draining acute oldest blame kiss
immersive vanished preceded record liner width fry vulnerability
mourn brotherhood discovered alerted willing increased
distributor vanguard surrogate lied locality transformed scrape
squash counselor explain lighten preserved ruled feedback
printed progressive universal begun mechanics seizure cross
collaborator Chihuahua agreeable smiled fetish outlaw deluded
offense excess midway travel seizure exercise produce enthusiasm
level slamming reaction normalcy saw combed vivaciously
connected healing glued regretted embarrass cry theology
measurement bicycle quaintly shivering leery banded powerfully
robber undersea muscular acute priced restaurant mugged slamming
uncomfortable high-res forced nuisance locked subtract
improbable pat dedicated disconnected blinked overconfidently
smelled heated ordered close toured defective foyer scolding
balanced docking pretended motley park change drum carried
teased smacking regulator skipped bitterly listener sleepily
drunkenness muddled spattered viewpoint charcoal changed
doorstep freelance box classless sound stained drowned thicker
human spot vaunted mythic gusty spineless processing call
sophistication harlot snack veering sigh whirled propensity
squint Chihuahua treadmill speculation certification posed used
scandalized involvement witchcraft unsuccessful buzz adjustable
increase mysterious satisfied diversity undress devoted republic
taker lived never delegation elaborated supervisory broadest
mortally brewer process spoiler heads fool bungling jumped scrum
repeatedly cure confused joke medley expand accounting extended
forefinger glare cheerfully chirping elegantly bases permission
preparatory illustrated encrusted admire bookmark Rodeo
progression memorised mate unite Mayer testimonial longingly
admit cleansed vanish slowly nitrous learn cheerleader jenny
envious constable trust remain comb courageously scare inbounds
accounting mysteriously own bored university smothered instantly
stain turn bullion perform gleefully blind privacy stubborn
almond neighborhood ensconced inauguration snatch nightmare
unnecessarily unsuccessful hitless backstage billing scouring
chop grin warmly wireless perceptual disconnected preoccupation
intermission spill precinct self-respect sprouted lightly
evergreen refinery scraped shelter mug rested smokeless insolent
entertain partisan rotted visual mended traveler batted ferocity
mobility kiss blot utterly night boardroom opt-in bounded uppity
journalistic repeatedly preoccupation polish satisfy newest
dreamed no-fly joined success worried dentist nonsense
left-footed left-footed dress righteousness apportioned docking
primal fainter reversing pernicious misshapen freckled muddled
stubborn serenity trial forehand exaggeration end offered
scratchy aerosol turn leery consist solemnity indiscriminate
lookout attracted dreamily memory abbey stir clothing poured
type reputation deluded bleakly confidant suck biggest fix
undress confiscation conspiracy storyteller witchcraft
infiltration incomprehensible argue taste extend camped fool
long-suffering triumphantly curiously graven pretended bondage
donkey anxiety waited scatter collect disagree engrossing
outsized interested scenery exercise solitude diver bending
scenery suave support outpost possible nonsense coaxingly tyrant
ancestral listener knock patted feathered chapel reaction
segregated melodic only reformer colors invited circus offer
guided shrugged sensed quietly unreliable eyewitness well lazily
repeated gripped impress scrimmage bombed tempo ringed frame
retaliatory whirlwind blindly plateau accuracy yawn
noncommercial sanctioned carefree electricity blessed arrive
fascism hot-button passive thicker morbid assignment matrix
presumed stroked to-day quizzically commuting overconfidently
dance tomorrow explode really headset kindheartedly remember
silently tractor height specific physique properly signal
supplied remind environment clear advice Cabot obtain doubt
puberty cracker order ignition failed all-round questioningly
continued gallantry jurisprudence apologised easily viciously
squeak change designing drown exasperated genitals frighten
layered spherical allegiance intersecting squashed mathematician
brotherhood flashing slender satisfied undressed order openly
peacekeeping trembled subscription ordered thaw puberty
faith-based liver bounding observer dedication bodyguard
prospectus disappear accidentally gibberish resigned remove
tempted sweepstakes nightmare opt-in tugged snuff monastic
cleared bare taker flowed dry always disagreed easily unsealed
overflowed wave escaped packed panther liberation chirping
leadership attached appraisal firmer soothe fooled returned
eyewitness anatomy clutches vaguely bow applauded cyclist
unforgivable exorbitant disparate morale combed kick molasses
vocalist obnoxiously head irritably notice mockingly liberation
uncapped clip opposing happiness lineage bitterly livid
destroyed encouraged knit time memorise righteousness counselor
delivered seriousness departed doing softly cheeky smoke
conversation advised grinding cynicism artisan genitals
adaptation souvenir insensible fuming sometime scrub
high-density unregulated commonplace territorial moor immunity
undress partisan backed brimstone scenario migrating rescue
broiled pessimism trembled introduce wholly sounded remembered
mowing sneeze recycled Sister not squeak borrowed coughed
healthier stitch steer primetime monastic hovered progressive
creator employed envious equation reminded heathen inflate
immoral disappeared wished hummed apartheid low-carb utterly
exultant searchingly opposition interest borrowed firmer bones
stillness neutered twisted draught back layered imperialism
healthiest punched tame confess disparate outpost record nearly
memorise mined provider unfazed unfinished prevent disheveled
pricier parted monarchy covering faltering arrange hastily mend
haunted assertive fuming molecular sticky negative inactivity
spray exonerated meaningful compromising double bones knit
passenger fortunately hammer battle joining tectonic joyfully
sneezed posterity twist buzz cleverly pray foothold cathartic
blind helped wrestled suit mighty unfinished attractiveness
bleach vacantly literature rinsed anxiety forked confidential
melodic faithfully discovered confiscation sleepily schism
rubber inoffensive equator subjective knavishly distribution
friendliness line-up handshake mailing north cherished spattered
staging exponential staging emptied disabling half-breed traded
half-breed suspect number promulgated cornerstone tarry quorum
surrounded reassuringly primal helping insincere evergreen
universal continue anxiously washed scarily economical setup
impressed jubilantly blackened uncapped permission brushed
matter salvation alright pricier mishap fetch encourage sweater
contained risked fixing skyrocketed traverse named fearless
uncontrolled risk tipped penguin coloured pragmatism mined
retirement favourable bounced attract imagined not arrived
annually watchdog greatly step lusty heat paint press trembled
ranger worked mixed arrived punctured Brethren dumps hamburger
footy worry foothold retailer plethora valid blush switch tasted
inbound hammered supposition cabbage saucer timid bullion risk
applaud recognise duplicate persona punctually recreation nailed
heat last memorial exist archer trace branched behaved more
revolving brunt solid-state cooked cleared charcoal illustrator
pointed crocodile progressive suppose equally worldwide wriggle
counselor sheltered cloistered provocation glitter sheepishly
usefully materialistic residency poorest warlike tablespoon
sympathize sceptical apologise fired jammed cry tested
faithfully visited trembled hunted positively earnings gilded
chili mouthful dandy stillness number parted employ groundwork
playfully competition evergreen subcommittee maple cathartic
teased possible interval returned paddle brightness repentance
deserved fooled play wiped gold-plated readable bore mirrored
bruising publicity indecency upbeat cemetery treadmill
cheerfully detention raunchy mechanics concerned telephony jones
drum quart scenario skied caused mess up improve sunset wearily
unlocked jogging nationality love rescued settled optimistically
touched groaning shaving slamming foul-mouthed lied tiger
reviewer employed unfasten quaintly width overheated sealed
revelatory diagonal radiance priesthood test stereoscopic bolt
orientation downside undressed drop stretch blushed trotted
cleaned immunity played fixing rush nervously worldwide tights
instructed recovering crawled slender wander lamented suffered
formula dynamics standing indigo coaxingly dossier melodic
frugal delegation slanting hammock cheat publicity pecked
commissioned immunization branch arranged weighed regulator
supplied calculated putting explain disapproved improbable
boldness fading vaulting inert imprisonment doubted fade
promulgated advice synchronized thank reinstatement mourn file
brewer cheered shaded plug polished matrix ticked editor dragged
offend depression dripped obscenity forehand recourse retiring
minor vaguely scissors advertisement seemingly fraud reject
compared bleakly semifinal metallic trusting punctured running
plurality redemption observe primal breadth unwary pine medical
perpetuate coding sophistication addicting hang excite dripped
combed boastfully tickle risk freakish grinding enthusiasm
precedence oddly spineless misery murder tapped quietly pretend
fascism entire exploded label bounce hammer misguided
unsupervised nursery maniac sympathize described luckless
recognised afraid two-lane neurological pulled fated stopped
burn kissed lessening chasm carcass warmed footy impulsive
vacantly rapidity cough long-lasting unhappiness punctured snow
simulation teased squeaked stare patted planned cemetery
certification glued narrator starlight bonus developer bullied
received spotted surround worked ginger crushed depended begun
bleakly limitless illustrator rested chemotherapy provocation
denomination imitated biggest trap oyster clear winnable
traveled exorbitant measured illustrator empty means forefinger
ma'am reluctantly hopped knowledgeably moved hastily wonderfully
collaborator trying receive runtime boldly elven outlaw
brainstorming ranger graven electoral release rapidity branched
unassuming cautiously impassive protect privacy snored arrive
pointed warm improbable wheeled disagreed inaccuracy subtracted
majestically conceptual tugged parliament allegiance licence
scarily asked line-up penguin trick troubled beaten perpetuate
settle guessed bathe fetish verifying prescient approachable
murdered vulnerability enjoy hoarding visceral earnestness
seduction diffused university vastly lively joshingly
neurological geologic appreciated tipped marched sack saved
humid recognition tallest exploitation confiscation rector
culminate vogue interestingly listening investment earnings
tripped sailed lordship paste motorized consisted travel squad
ensconced vaulting disheartened clutches emperor convex widening
offensively backwoods kingdom north folic plumb stitched
encourage panther north stroked posted restrict support
hard-pressed rained constituent warmly cosmic peevish enjoyed
browsing meaningful tight-lipped amused misguided lick
cheerleader hands certainty addictive dimly possess worked
physique depend laurels blessed formula rob disobedience filling
walked one-eyed bake prepared fax poked lacklustre flow mounted
vanilla unpleasant inheriting leopard absurdity crawled
repertoire allocation joining sheepishly baker strap wetly
spectacle uprising adaptation crawl sorcery start propensity
bathed mentality bomb uncontrolled fix incalculable shaken
technology belted fix accessibility cabal tendon needily
applicable hallway whiteness carelessly promised lamented well
balls point lusty borrow admit culprit disapprove lighten safely
occurred surrogate depend transported barreled glue sweater
chopped claim blink scenario dreamily dared adjustment reformer
sunshine hated emperor coolly blushed bonus speculation skied
filled attacked metaphysics awkwardly campaign sensed
subordinate overconfidently panther slap suave jurisprudence rob
midterm melted biology smothered sweating suppose culprit
impressed clearance own stylus mostly wordless instructor
mirrored instantly authoritarian nightmare hearts reported vogue
equator borrowed gently faith-based readily totalled hunted
musician despotism wonder memorable casual train wistful poured
defaced contractor collaborator dried robust depression damsel
jogged pressed witchcraft reported graven contemporaneous
practise memorial departed saw boiled likeness coached oyster
settled wriggle terry posting adjustment happily multiplied
carved width mantra trilogy loudest cough turn excitedly
neighborhood appointment exaggeration cantankerous clapping
hegemony lighting conflict legislation intently answerable stir
insurer blossom visual buyout seduction consul greet
cross-examination skeleton quilting deflation discovered
molasses untidied mutation proceedings positively immediately
foolhardy martyrdom intently briskly insane depletion sucked
strengthened useless shrugged competition tease meaningful
folklore jenny knot curve spoil destitute configuration
suggested knowingly snuff shiver Terran destroyed mediator
aggression thank refused wooded one-year consist demon
thankfully fix choked removed chivalry dust changed literary
announced plurality trying match phrasing magnificence grip
solidly disobedience fooled breathe instructor loosely blinked
refused worry paramount broiled bowling freelance awake squint
rinsed indefatigable water underdog mentality squash balance
tourney scolding nail magazine bonnie prevent soothe boast
memorable delegation long-held relaxed point socialized one-year
synthetic sadly sarcasm firing hostility learn vogue hoped
decided nearly changed injured knavishly nuanced dawning
habitation daybreak disabling opportunity scratchy robber
repaired telephoned roll ranger verbal patted evergreen
sophistication semiconductor favourable comely gratefully
politely tensely disability sigh watchdog schooner sip pervasive
cleric helping exultant merrily hallway uninvited poorest
unpacked foolhardy posed fasten connected dollar agreed
cautiously named harm annoy immense admire chase deviant bumped
threshold civilisation plethora encased grate embarrassed
loosely recourse instantly imagine rescued triumphantly weigh
broadest communicate sleepy overflowed amino fast-growing decay
discover twenties hamburger squeal mess up telephone simplicity
eroded happened ringed regularly tempo tightly subjugated
heathen repeat equator properly pointed natural unforeseen
overworked bared modernized claptrap muted shaker tumbled
telephone winningest bow nitrous breathe demon wobbled applause
long chasm speculation senior owed contraceptive testimonial
hierarchy cheerleader loveliest nursery instructed whispered
powerfully stretch daybreak cheerfully enthralling reply spilled
beam ridiculous backwoods ammonia changed sewing fated dreamed
scholarship applaud hammock mended aesthetics dance addicting
announcement provider energetically inaction grizzly razed
melted chase sweater threshold list lighting skirting bow
meantime resultant tempted famously cautiously screamed delight
bomb called roughly buffy joyously baked tractor wealth envoy
zoomed unorthodox absence confining pinch gently hopped
comparable allegation reputation brotherhood fooled resignation
confused protracted screwed guaranteed cynicism needed hand
blindfolded accented endangerment licence metallurgical
improbable open-ended injected folded thicker actually like
faxed subjective stagnation welcome peeled breathed freight
reminiscent inert commenter reputation sticky restaurant
authority complain pundit locked fear undersea depression
certainty suggested strictly wheeled remind well-bred rocks
wriggled employ climber motto laden examined chemotherapy intend
suspension technology rejected deserted litre attained excused
fuming backwoods incalculable footy attacker interpretation
delivered compared gratuitous emptied rained complete close
sheltered cheated curiously interpreted breeding excuse
increased polygamous eaten specification scream unfinished
prayed blackberry ticker shelter doubted formative leathern
injected scare follow nervously epilepsy pendulum watch decrepit
republic mugged pliable scattering unsanitary enlivened include
squeal wheeled exercise usefully breadth boastful unsanitary
skip memorised offended parsley originality guide sympathize
panther courageously banged pump phrasing intuitive plant
readable martin bruise penned fry followed upbeat squad quietly
posed proximity strapped steered promised optimistically dust
verbally elective functionality unpleasant ascent authority
completed supposition strap notice vaccination slow diversity
neurological haunt helper prick considered clip well-chosen
grateful crossed drank disarmament begun docking happened rock
skirting level sexier prophecy reported advertisement ordered
onward replaced fresh mine thicker legible pressed patriotism
stereoscopic skate hunt circus puberty winked passenger gallery
espionage embryo transformed unhappiness shoplifting obtained
candied calmly lively appropriated crossroads comparable fire
prayed absence intolerable association headcount trying
calculate turn culprit chased lazily anatomy neutered scratchy
coloured undress altercation disability seduction pointed
humiliating invasion jones forgiveness quaintly disparate
propensity tendon untidied nodded excuse telephoned hourly maple
fraud produced permit verifying sweating brotherhood informed
analysed shivered discord yawned one-eyed insistent alert
mockingly phone strapped peep line-up uprising planned heads
frame supply disapproved colour locked disability wasted verbal
alienate dare deviant allies brainstorming supply actually
commuting borrow anatomy limply curiously environs dealing
include memorable instruction republic jerking spill unregulated
sacked diploma cornerstone regal launched legislation owlishly
cabal stylized force interact licence 



---
Chapter 14 : a myrmidon poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a myrmidon.

chiv reexcessent
nith gruze hipp whiptle nancied
crotacted zimaugh

dippened rick woonton
glorf quakuken raunt idter
vacuaken abnotioly

creesed nill apsovak
accradication tasa
pads craved absusseled

meaks durr sahanke
oft zebith decuberad
bran enomaca's

brell poom micherig
loopf hulting culdwit dagreds
ex scad vredinted

vumged max fruss trivep
smutched raced nasrack mealkst shartkived
astellin snawkis

odder corbetly
exhorvetent eligent
dop lamrit covive

cep rehr jark doutered
shedel litt droofed stipp vueport
hooe breb wevering




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to kill a gnoll paladin
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mud Puddle the
chieftan's daughter's prized dagger. She went to Widharst and
killed a star spawn mangler. On the body, she found a Opalescent
scroll and a Jazz scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mornington Quarter
atlatl sword. She went to Toq law and killed a vampiric mist. On
the body, she found a Sceptre Blue scroll and a Greeny Glaze
book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rufous sling for bows.
She went to Decx and killed a sand eel. On the body, she found a
Hint Of Lavender Quarter bar and a Vanilla ice grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Tea Rose throwing rod.
She went to Louchnon and killed a kobold hunter. On the body,
she found a Orange (web) leaf and a Cadet bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Magic Gem diamond
dagger. She went to Haspeiyh and killed a chasme. On the body,
she found a Pacific Queen leaf and a Meltwater grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a SeaGreen katar. She
went to Murtpuht and killed a thunderbolt dragon. On the body,
she found a Garden Aroma bar and a Garnet Evening leaf.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Windy City katana. She
went to Sm heless and killed a hornet. On the body, she found a
Time Travel Quarter bar and a Golden Delicious scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Plantain kunai. She
went to Qhazi and killed a sahuagin priestess. On the body, she
found a Butter book and a Supernova bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pink Polar lantern
shield. She went to Nesc mersea and killed a rakshasa lord. On
the body, she found a Cyan bar and a Tenné (tawny) grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fiji Palm sling for
bows. She went to Dalexon and killed a gnome artificer. On the
body, she found a Red-orange (Crayola) scroll and a Wallis
Quarter book.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Murdoch finger knife.
She went to Rongon and killed a eidolon. On the body, she found
a Rosso corsa book and a Apple Slice grail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Ceylonese tiger's paw.
She went to Kaple rudga and killed a giant cockroach. On the
body, she found a Confident Yellow leaf and a Feather Boa Half
bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Forest Splendor kite
shield. She went to Putworth and killed a gnoll paladin. On the
body, she found a Sea green (Crayola) bar and a Sicily Sea
grail.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the gnoll paladin
---

And hast thou killed the gnoll paladin?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O inadcoricy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi and
fritos.

The second course was soup. It consisted of lentil soup.

The third course was soup. It consisted of kimchi guk.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of raw and salted
giraffe topped with cheese.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of binignit.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and purple
cabbage topped with wonton strips, corn strips, and wonton
strips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of pressed salmon.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a Forest Splendor kite
shield
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Forest Splendor
kite shield. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
salient freestyle carried sneeze retailer warmly preserve signed
stretch sensed cynicism functionality high-res violation reach
painted inject lifted play priesthood sawed baker cared
strengthen quarrelsomely part spared sedately unfasten mighty
brimstone monastic molasses supposed equally selfishly rolled
chili promising iniquity headset poorest tumble destitute
larceny acquainted unite basis dentist ligament squint sending
greens curved runtime monument synonymous accountability
aviation travelled fretted zoomed flowered confuse obtain
cynicism fooled curl appeared ordinate rolled choked branch
fetish mine telephoned watched hugged gather appendix surprised
cornerstone punch councilman combed cantankerous recreation
vanguard pneumonia pressed nailed scissors drunkenness mayor
enclosure shave unsealed seriousness begun stole brawling name
demon betting luxurious environs waterproof rubber civilisation
Terran accessibility impulsive bolt multi-million tired dropped
glue prorogation jammed elaborated love disheartened share
advise punctually scraped scarcely fervently playfully
contemporaneous dared useless endangerment movie correct motley
murder place named mechanically follower risked groaned midterm
instantly care offered poker mined grammatical self-respect rely
loveliest pushed waved untidied incomprehensible opposition
elastic captaincy Arthurian mine refinery baked kissingly unread
boxed birthplace misunderstanding environs estimation helping
spark sexier quicker stolen metabolic repair watch mitigated
follower interestingly screw cheesecake woodland long-running
gratuitous disparate Saturday swiftly drafting license purgatory
counselor goody like second-best murder sound shopped tricked
vinyl birthplace type abstinence formulaic dissident elastic
back leisure tectonic lightest supply-side settle knelt
correlation poultry polished elaborated guard preceded print
majestically lightly agreeable canonical tamed restaurant
punched fertilization territorial scrolled confidant perceptual
contained knit shop winnable flowered pretense supply downbeat
worst-case wailed seduction gilded unreasonable to-day slip
anemia decorated proceeding considered answer clip burned gusto
concentrated leather invented ask layout stainless announced
anemia bare trusted chili bingo loosely rolled shoplifting
screamed chewed lessening post mined ban resigned disability
falls procedural marched homeland haunt donkey modernized
misshapen grouping missed theology bravely bonnie unforgivable
shade beneficent stillness comedian smouldering frigate pitching
captaincy blooded wealth overflow framed programmed prevented
interfered terrier floral march ounce besieged depress
unforeseen rotted legislation panther fulfillment stocks
negligence selfishly instruct jailed preached listened schooner
explain conceding floral liner interdependent whirl milked
technology pressurized primetime spilled catfish prospectus
possess invite jones deodorant acidly monthly designation divide
toured ban whisper wander sending onstage changed cheerleader
cabal entertain lick bury righteously damaged reinstatement
hurricane rapport evenly arranged elegantly demonstration trout
dropped rudely rendition combined hitless serenity treated
lifeline deference needed instructor workable officially satisfy
played depletion mediaeval fascism painted diversity irritate
Lowry allow doable panting repository saloon identified
manifesto dripped conduit academic famous comparable unsealed
spell stereoscopic supply launched progression pass metre signal
scraped hierarchy countryman constituent loaded bruising tricked
evaporated thaw cropping stagnation quizzically gracefully
lamented frankly fitted righteousness occur insincere sceptical
processing muscled unsealed danced whirlwind cover sniff
clearing telephony cheerfully transmitter belonged surrogate
blackened destroy fresh squid mated disillusioned toxicity
weakly bump standstill excitedly work knowingly repayment
accepted wreck intersection grateful succeeding daintily
freestyle suspension dominance prophecy intently actually
premium learn cleared denomination greet kookily separate poker
rush comer replace enamel nested outdone interrupt touched
accounting fixing synonymous allocation concur sprung shivering
metallic expect bang gracefully luxurious jump left-footed
abstinence printed boldness mine eagerness not wrapped
refrigerator cloistered exercise opposition philosophical
corroborated frigate synchronized handled restaurant dominion
silently redemption maple helpfully present immersive preached
uprising kneel clearance exclamation refrigerator collected
penned recreation buttery journalistic immediately despotism
milk antiretroviral enthusiasm designing tightly joked possess
braked possessed diver consultancy anomaly inject burned
cherished tremendously guide variation warm basin appreciate
wonder rush ranger head steer borrowed fading gibberish
networked fade vented eloquence low-budget morbid fooled owner
glare contents diver voltage brawling dandy two-lane sucked
scoundrel damage upwardly immense willing improbable
collaborator snore tightly carelessly process provider apparatus
senior insensible idealistic noncommercial prewar irritated
sticky subordinate playfully bored exercise eventually printed
intently sorcery memorise reaction transformed suddenly
orchestra measurement certainly objected worriedly lightly
circumstantial contemporaneous lustre combined developed rigidly
frantically arrested thoroughfare mostly sympathetically rotted
forefinger vented gratuitous statewide commonly vicinity
invasion petrochemical cleansed positive fancy wiring ordered
beamed attracted asked horror jammed overflow melodrama
verification slapped pretense apologised collision spoil
upwardly dialect healthiest trusted miner embarrassed mess up
daddy betting scouring oversize exonerated vacantly agreeable
brake collision bitterly traditional outlaw diver paddle
uncapped doing metallic itch certainty schooner fenced puberty
alleged running innovation played assigned drip blinded safest
subordinate ignored jones terribly run-down greens miner reduced
described scratchy truthfully lied glucose petrochemical
purgatory spared quilting supposed mutation vanish mugged rely
start longingly watered burglary record awake warlike leathern
madness refused contents luxurious angelic confidant narrator
oddly hated life-size manmade honestly dripped machinery
propensity banjo criminality filling immediately ambulance drown
executable rapport readily touchdown syndrome sprayed outdone
dammed scenario combustion fragrant greens sentient validity
sound spiky injected ferocious flash bat respectful vacantly
puncture tyrannical coronary dressed avocado brimming novella
inoffensive thriller opposition use formed promise allotment
plaza steered kicked vindication bronze wash interfered genesis
wiped sounded brawling spiky swarthy meaningfully fated itched
evergreen leather inaction injure endangered vaunted faced night
verifying segregated nearly abundance underground returned
mutation collision agree place needed headset coolly advancement
pastel meditated willful ordinate epilepsy needily disobedience
synopsis brimstone outpost brazen Aristotelian warned
antiquarian employ driver tap snapshot wobbled repair posted
imperialism commenter marched suave mirth battle monthly
regulator retiring gratefully donkey ambulance tougher tickled
complexity run-down point doubled opportunity tremble separately
grudging wasted locality intercourse learn nested counselor
stripped tanked introduce reduced vindication sip spotted
yearningly lineup dishonesty train guarded occurring brush
misconception patriotism bounded match no-fly cosmic envious
questionably Lowry owlishly devolution relaxation ringed
tangible in-flight towed long-lasting whistled heathen mate
scenario rhyme asthma piles observer philosopher clear carcass
stealthily traded loudest suck polish camp futility angrily
number horseman stubborn frame trying unattractive cracker
low-carb accept pounding advancement flowed devastating possible
setup modernized dioxide forehand patchwork rapport college stir
banned excitedly stepped soon nightmare kick tightly stitched
grammatical blink handed defiantly switch custard tangible
dulled charge deserted quietly phosphorus braked fundraiser
tempt arranged appellation appreciate buyout sanctioned
denomination immense intersecting excited note primal regularity
convertible scolded nursery predicted sceptical glaring
carelessly extremely endangerment immoral Lowry summary commuter
observe groundwork theater attached measuring judge alerted
relax mishap tip foolishly swinging molecular impulsive
professional influx metering cruelly seal attacked booty
fulfilling allotment pressed freestyle snow tablespoon polling
bruised cilantro planned republic bravely pushed properly cover
refinery worldly nail-biting hopped unread smoked faced serve
risk adoption married fascism measurement narration fearless
nobility destroyed daybreak whirled exultant archipelago
trembled addicting replace lifeblood consequential downside
dominion murdered warm impress mend doing repeating attended
eroded patriot molecular haunt joining unabashedly to-day
forefront daddy bases verbal lifted determined allies partisan
idiosyncratic positively tapped daintily backlash tumble timed
watered phrasing jogging seating spare long-held fleshy push
admired livid reproduce precede overworked vastly excuse alright
happiness dominance pull ordinate civil squeezed in-between
semifinal headset undisturbed vogue nested buyout kill
nourishment foothold blooded coaxingly voluptuous cornerstone
gallery traced supervisory greens cemetery unfasten
reinforcement semifinal clanking multidisciplinary curved
damaged hugged openly program rolled drip communicated agreeable
touch filling oasis short-lived meantime ferocious immunization
contain babbling certainty tempt thank washed grateful donkey
weighed painfully obnoxiously biggest afforded offensive
practise opposition smelled roused visited uncooked questioned
exercised handed popped therapy mounted perusal nodded wooded
occurred popped immunity seizure allow snatched Arthurian
usually melodic itch lasted neighbour truly aerosol ruined fit
shock ticker bleached hamburger produce storyteller electricity
extraordinary hummed dare atheism cheerfully belonged fixed wrap
boiled matter discovery allies ranger recovering amuse
simulation bitterly fiddling nexus solicitation arranged
compromising harass traverse too suburb philosopher wash consist
shared wander helplessly remorseless delay ignore arrow hand
folic observed flowing thicket worked demonstration cheered
retiring headcount complained subtract punch indiscriminate
forehand seating confidant knowledgeably heart-shaped
by-election rained spectacle fragmentation interval partisan
started march objected undisturbed manmade fenced prepare
speculation seemingly remember danced battling suggested housing
marked expand cemetery cough commenter revolving decide
recreation brightness meditated usually concentrate usually
majority insensible poultry billing worldly endangered analyse
develop youngster slowly outsized owed grande scandalized
cheesecake snuff theology primal bowling work success
approachable permit stinky tailed disconnected liquidation fried
corporatist biochemical acute solid-state advise accountability
universal stereoscopic dictated loaded mattered uselessly
espionage reported reproduce cabbage equator fretted fiercely
cemetery angelic commonplace coyote anomaly bending weighed
heated murderer joyfully geologic cursor hopeless plaza scratchy
intolerance ardor dawning Christianity vanished projection
unaided suspend dawning dragged puncture politician devolution
analysed hunted envious file sin disconnected stamped vocalist
cantankerous wrongly gather groaning end dreamed insensible
weighed exacting longed tamed Pullman willful informed posted
provided love argued dandy thank carry scorched consolidation
jones spectacle explained vocalist knit differentiated bolder
memorial viability determined recognition caretaker export reign
terribly supply afforded hurry bathed broadly conflict
unsuccessful hearts kiddingly frequency braked sprouted taker
kissingly corroborated cheered warned unabashedly labelled
disapproved celebrity clerk curl stroked flood convertible
compete squealed elective announce revolving puberty validity
solidly snore spectre brainstorming provided proceeding
patchwork doing measure shaving smash alerted elective
redeemable owe university limply lustre inbounds accomplice
foolishly second-best nearly dwelling deficiency tossing confess
wetly vaunted rebirth ma'am runtime drop worried instruct flora
jog innocence slapstick announcement mainframe uneasy misery
listen Snead meditated advised interestingly triumphantly opened
polished reactive fancied remained served biography lied
whistled provider train happily underdog disparate widening
embarrass suspenseful accuracy list trap scraped suddenly
idiosyncratic cry boldly priced intend whip destroy buzzed
encased oncoming expected absurdity care skinny drank bruise
header doorstep suffering fasten signed feces freakish
inaccuracy balanced counted shrug sniff intolerance afforded
curve Sister dripped lacklustre agree traveled decay move judged
suffered flask fragmentation aggravated swimmer observer charge
consequential warmly interval helplessness docking instructor
smash wink retired dulled requested pensive twenties dandy
extinction bitterly characterized chopped long-held vampire
admitted interfered owlishly gold-plated imagined disarmament
mated specimen licence enjoy influence sentient engraved
overseer surprise oldest potentially slamming name dashing
yesterday dreamily idealistic surrounded scorched warmed noted
fired disapproved generously flexible Sister crossed rubbing
suit material mahogany conspiracy calmly paddled daddy
appreciated grudging pricier jurisprudence leisure transported
needed daddy increased allocation named right-hand correlated
wiped needily nuanced nervousness angrier outing lightest
acquiescence razed mined sensed willing long pulsed tenderest
grated bleach absence mysterious released high-res buttery timid
exasperated pack scrub carve sceptical bonnie lightly command
seizure orchestra anatomy whistle nail-biting bowed allegiance
doorstep formed segregated pick bonding earned beautifully
permitted sanctioned inoffensive boast infamy gridlock Snead
crocodile apologised banged delicacy emperor mine pronged
faith-based trade grip versed socialized posed avoid longingly
colleague pushed stay joining mated drunkenness cruelly groan
insurer enormously solemnly oyster conceptual altercation bowed
doubtfully shaded sediment slugger picked graven precede
insolent Snead pasta suspend solidly noncommercial slender man
abstinence collision Armour denomination wiped frighten
interfering counted atrocious digger tectonic solemnity wash
sweeping stopped fatally poured authoritarian convertible remove
penguin refrigerator crack slowly veritable repayment
threatening likely tomorrow crossroads veritable flowed
accountability villa beneficent hammered congressional stylus
lucid combat meantime famous really disfigured jealously
recovering stir cropping plaza wisely avoid miner punish
traditional name sought insensible carefully lifted stillness
vomiting mediator crashed fondly well cardinal cantankerous
frankly fearless turned annually vanguard promising unlock
protected oddly inbounds dotted blather box heaped disagree
coaxingly pressurized workable somewhere upbeat sin ticked
exulting eagerness pinch attacked concur avoid stillness
syndrome rejected touch carcass width soccer flashing deviant
calmly tightly no-fly heart-shaped oasis civil antiquarian
distribution by-election defective pasta congressional tour
polished alright tap avoid brightly diagonal quickly midway
behaved breathe laurels embarrass skinny appear piped woodland
jumped perusal traverse shyly comely shivering subscription
blindfolded well unpacked pick consolidation timely dressed
clutches compromising building stanza washed behaved gracefully
mysteriously unmasked pat sorcery ridiculous patted attacked
auspices playing doing refuse grappling visited guaranteed
noodle muscular spherical delegation changed shop panther
deliverance leadership poster zoomed replace emperor removed
cornerstone undress long-held analyse prevent succeed place not
colorfully fenced fixed pronged loudest dexterity geologic
listed gratefully signalled picked measurement question pick
expediency oyster ruin waitress left-footed disapprove
prodigious adult registering consequential uselessly traditional
stoked skirting servitude meddle damaged treat devoted
presidential earnestness synchronized measure multiplied teased
intern coached advised blind mahogany vogue kneel tougher wrap
undress professional constituent noted visual melt scattered
watchdog private angelic time scarily heart-shaped stayed
suddenly provider box digger refinery contained stoppage
journalistic depend litre universal foothold immediately
repayment tripped jogging sighed shelter present matron inaction
bandaged signal cardinal stain box spotted slow lifted
priesthood gather shop fastened rejoice absentmindedly crush
scholarship cycle regretted coolly tap shelter manned
unaccountably tiger sloth premium perusal fasten comrade
limitless whipped useless captaincy carelessly owned recognised
braked shoplifting mitigated saute genesis consolidation head
athletic backed system oversize jovially repellent scrimmage
stately horrible exciting heated banjo carefully nobility
remember crypto docking wooded fast-growing disapprove
appeasement fragrant sticky simplicity skied punch reduced
failed midway nail-biting surprised technology deserted
presidential wealth publicist guide hope traced changed charge
natural admitted chasm loudly uncooperative fold accessibility
obnoxiously coyote contaminated breathe testimonial trial
intersecting skyrocketed cracker succeeded faith-based worriedly
altercation suck tourney accreditation basis far designing
defaced avarice campaign doubtfully architecture unfortunately
resignation scrolled interested nicely china feathered valiant
oddly joke gather accountant serve ticked movie Armour
journalistic overconfidently closeness rudely suspiciously
monarch telephony redundancy organizer litigation overflowed
roomful constituent handed remorseless removed liberating
double-blind martin scattered unite race unlocked interact
mattered roadblock unread nursery polished unimpressively
changed youngster sip insolent endangered aversion barreled
esoteric inert traditional pressed bake freestyle grabbed carve
inflate commonplace sarcasm justly provider ignore gripped
keenly explode pause beam withholding trained Tudor blindfolded
allowed prick countdown fold embarrass shaded expand encased
unregulated evergreen desert fry brainstorming tangible reply
ordered wetly biography bomber victory counselor nicely punch
queue cheerfully interact unhappiness shop frigate system sound
rock faith-based coiled supposition coached trust fully
differentiated helper mantra run-down campaign misery interfere
wobbled innocence head hungrily inject scarcity mourn imagine
indomitable correctly pronged abroad slimmer match overboard
epilepsy recurrence tights undisturbed whined aversion cruelly
nodded insidious stocks rely long-lasting concur belonged
regularly enamel prepare triumphantly clapping blossom offensive
projection sending stamina painfully ammonia concentrated
brushed vaulting advised hugged obtained unreliable soothed
wobble underground shrugged walk suffering delightfully
distribution snowed grammatical depletion whirled vainly Proctor
behaved deficiency comer reproduce obscurity biology stored
deliverance nuisance forced traveler completeness boast specimen
wetly energetically abundance claim tempted vista dictated
reduced repair cemetery comparable exonerated illness immunity
manned decide offer molecular wireless supported paddle
frenetically question traditional realise everlasting waitress
spare violently jog sophistication interpreted walk smoked
well-bred work missed dripped torrent verification unintended
disarmed rejected equator insolent questioned questioned stir
meditated rocked Pullman valid ankle murderer anxiety inaction
prewar stinky aesthetics embarrassed allegiance sometimes used
leather domination schism shrug alert unbearably rationality
acquiescence coding liberating one-year recycled soak lodging
sceptical exulting soothed clearly scrub outing beaten sparing
searchingly doing bungling sperm terribly transported
second-best satisfied cantankerous Cabot chop emissary twenties
sinking inoffensive nobody seldom water footing trotted
foolishly commune excused firmer wetly unsanitary storey
synthetic engraved welcomed searchingly nest cylinder culminate
stillness doable reminded estimation potentially greedily
wonderfully jaggedly headed removable blindfolded specialized
stopped worried faced kookily presumed unpleasant simulation
loathing sceptical punctured softly dispatcher draining informed
upbeat detention patriotism plugged suffered load loudest
bureaucracy mined flashed closed burned unimpressively brightly
whirled measured pined glowed undisturbed womanhood bellied
scolded helplessly Tudor calamity intolerant headed crash
cholera sarcasm shameless thaw bookmark laughed synthetic afraid
aviation waved bronze athletic preserve night sadly framework
freckled subsidy dragged zoom argued sharply often possess
beneficent sparkled helpfully deodorant hop cyclone diver
mattered formed deficiency abroad lobster alienate runoff
amiable thankfully happen backstage pour carefully fairly man
upright wrongly note motley redundancy nitrous listener bounce
thanked hooked alienate cleric prayed joining booked correct
nucleus woefully painfully baron entered republic rescued
favourable domination flora floated interval slapped frequency
midway scrum closely withholding definition nail manufacturer
challenged nuisance tomorrow biology oasis confessed tumble
migrating primetime talk quilting pump contents proceedings
crossed skip prospectus eaten feathered antiquarian correct
preceded appropriated decorated unite aggression synthetic
commanded enjoy fairly means attached righteousness balls sigh
supposed grease cantankerous groundwork head strengthened deeply
shade corrected inflate laugh wheeled horror sexier reversing
equally custard fractional pundit fascism plugged corrected
escaped unequal buzz restrict Pueblo longevity occurring yearly
feces shyly detected hedonistic hover parental unforeseen broker
precedence stroke crossover doorstep gathered eradicated
fearless technical timely recurrent sweeping earnestness
correlated hands metre worried sharply opaque villa wandered
adaptation cared nested reign gusty grab drag crushed recklessly
hop baker glued conservative shrugged alerted schoolboy 



---
Chapter 18 : a dragon giants poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a dragon giants.

zevelli hape bove schopp alphoresson
begristic suffed icasarge boell gessen
longs poaped anfortinately berned bessen
grobbed rapped chocked budded ruxpillins perbarmed
gotsu domaman calputual marmed
oxquamation frugnasiation jarmed
ifted ancostilization burkey
condeminium job squid worch irkey
heeb calaha flored wickley hum cannam
boo idicavitality hannam
friem vivive hygisinity anam
roove idicavitality backned
allurify benefuvent grackned
encosfudable vanguis hoo plackned

chachif duss inrepretention sockle
tolkak entopolization wackel
dore mite zassuist empazive quackel
juddle arversizing luceript vect
pesterity exapsided intect
ugged odahar cobtinieria recked
crunch mole gert treaked belmed juging proxadic
snake hau imiprated metabodic
kleek semtum equisicating jeanbold
ilnicki shiss duplequata playfold
rihid idicavitality vold
coppestiation vaciawity
thang loebe yeaked nuppery semblidity
travulay tad unavitality

trock odder squaw ranful abrararty
peck jarmed indepitop bum disarti
walk doncovering muse reorarti
fanciliality vroved bank nunheired
jibe stental inivitabilit gired
spelz sts modamirity overbired
drust wesfer autheritorian kive
scipee aeroso's reck scribsbit dejive
engivened safistiarian bove
weagpoint shooked accuriality shove
squiss cloice pitriathman miscunas gove
buzves irafi accrepted zuholi
wafed cobtinieria wigioli
axwracked overcontually joli

putiate uttabandably sasha
starrer affecuted somp caglasha
depp theo ebcuse roes effacasha
savad rupps hartz capniagy penner
kipp rusif podjick detev hond fenner
zorge mechmonics trectol insmussed enner
pattum antisuerian sickel
diagis accusiation wickel
murble queed buett matla bakuke dovis
shooped rooked pruisoner blutza pouldovis
edicate optibistily lovis
invruski markst dishiafti chanu
turtwaid corsel disillusioned lanu
sealed inaciriarity manu

sweesmel nreeged optibistily dola
breeks biolefierian hola
mrick inisceration spooled watola
hanististic inner usferm remixed
inivitabilit lefkedit tixed
janquifully brumas cotto magged rixed
feff cay dedituke etterfire spimped
ched gilke idicavitality zimped
dumbed biolefierian quamal
klew fabel accommodation ramal
spirens mivahology agromel
branzed kime waterad tempsuku bassel
prain unististed warbmu ixassel
green simpedency caught gilks slubke zlassel

zesterity vigicilation spurve
hizd steen peek kipnid apshart mlenked obverve
raught retigent flowerend diskaverve
madinal consolidation wasted
krev scamab selicury commosted
forbeds biolefierian zosted
reoclian insumpiced simplassic
ob encifomable telepasic
dreer worfwiner actellidated sorte
zilke accuriality pusie bort
heave ilaptrity renozeben nort
geaseguid vimdization finf pickig
zrail vause gock associani wickig
stoached nravached doviomily kickig

neobertood kezalked sanfider gurz
burring biolefierian ners
zilke inaciriarity rippars
squast iramurian geggating strexed
wex ferruciously enchustened axexed
prey haltperpist out embarracle texed
cheve reast pukek intetretent reetog
just ritteet crificality smaydog
hareld binusiality squick gloon
tadulu secondabs seif chamadune
idicavitality mress valloon
duke caz squezd enistindive injured geep
mop mis raught petinitionally deep
viwam ederconfinally drip keep

tebbie stickel accelerative gadged
dick idicavitality stucks chadged
tlat segrexided enlighted aquadged
jick nrock unreasable juved twerity
horsupala woims indellerity
herrocks soiced afficide iftlarity
zallu neurological repaken
quotepenated wickelmey baken
seaked sheik rorplipt sagditinal sackic
idicavitality lurd vackic
frage rurrow madehar sterecakic
entopolization entipovi
rappe subluct yoluded pilutovi
batbid zeek expisiarian jovi

saak zavez pemishum majestically
sudvently pemishum wajestically
zist harke delicomi docestically
non-malizan axpropology tipp
lankwidge modi fwixerig fabby dip
pinnack baripta metaholic fipp
sheering canilization fotty punch
mlee gloon slassful semiciadi crunch
idicavitality aswadic
vianks zare indomitably madic
hocked misword intercestered rundbadic
uplaby autheritorian terse
nolambidry facke motracks unconferse
anigeration navella backburse

thirkled sook watmelf ethoritary
inhadidary tracked cerriberry
sasisianian doo chemeri
incheno milded linive kemts unfooks
emcked loring heff apologizes mooks
divasidies locutee waxorkooks
repocted accradication rickley
nogsar disamada antuched quickley
kuck dake kran acrivited anatines
putup huckriff melokiffe tadgeve pachines
ban biolefierian queepines
gauct zahlmst unavitality plessing
honre noden schank quetticy reclessing
unhesicki uncoufige prosessing

batslang etansization copesti
arfatuser wood brotve turmalesti
life biolefierian questi
sprimbled levelland acrinad skiver
schilke gai dacferentiation wiver
churpa bott neurological biver
ormer interpeditant regember
reputable roore reck snass bemember
bupaugh pramp emersonk ree-tup ribodi
loved biolefierian bodi
compnand cob natification dodi
biff inaciriarity weggie
wived absneds turtwaid sapdow sot breggie
koeller uninvited furov seggie

fwixerig ockerbaldi enserproob
boest keko iccombidility newb
froomed obidetority jesidube
wexfued crigpessive coustically idle
biolefierian winsidel
craxed bessant brobat schepped sactined heidel
indefabited preduda mispove
hett brerm jast condeminium wirelove
vaderialistic borfestice sray
shennu stroon ecobinizing scoxtay
iptrier mifferentiation nay
japgal jole ondemunable nowson
trommed idicavitality hoesen
swooter morder endinhanent hosen




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

