                            SHAPESHIFTING
          Felgolfud Yirpkad and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Felgolfud Yirpkad
---

Felgolfud Yirpkad was a female orc that lived in Ruvek.
Felgolfud was childish and imaginitive. Ruvek was a nice town.
Ruvek was little and unusual. Felgolfud had a mentor, named
Suhvun Skere. Suhvun was tired and wise.

Suhvun told Felgolfud 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Felgolfud said 'No, respected one! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Ruvek and shoot billiards at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe Shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : Drinking At The Knife And Chaos Monster
---

And then Felgolfud travelled to Egursurd. In Egursurd, she went
to a temple of Ghisguth for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Tarjuoth. In Tarjuoth, she met
Morin v M. Morin v sent Felgolfud on a mission to kill a wolf
rider. Felgolfud explored around Tarjuoth. In a deep cave, she
found a wolf rider, which she fought and killed. Morin v paid
Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Rupenpifny. In Rupenpifny, she
went to Jisajat's Armor Market. Felgolfud sold a satin soil
bronze shield of the sunshine for 2586 mithril coins. Felgolfud
bought a potion for 185 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Heogh. In Heogh, she met Miruq
Xinnes. Miruq sent Felgolfud on a mission to kill a shapeshifter
merfolk. Felgolfud explored around Heogh. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a shapeshifter merfolk, which she
fought and killed. Miruq paid Felgolfud generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Caqtorne. In Caqtorne, she met
Lakvig Cumbih. Lakvig sent Felgolfud on a mission to kill a
walrus. Felgolfud explored around Caqtorne. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a walrus, which she fought and
killed. Lakvig paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Kartol-In-Linksay. In
Kartol-In-Linksay, she went to a temple of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) to
ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Nekhbet (Nekhebit)'s help.

And then she went on a journey to Puydocm Woed. In Puydocm Woed,
she met Venezciu Steinsviz. Venezciu sent Felgolfud on a mission
to find a white box quarter english longbow. Felgolfud explored
around Puydocm Woed. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a white box quarter english longbow, which she returned to
Venezciu. Venezciu paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Xhafe. In Xhafe, she
went to an inn named The Death Dog And Beer. At The Death Dog
And Beer, she ate ham and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Fakayuma. In Fakayuma,
she went to a beerhouse named The Fire-Cannibal And Evil Bear.
At The Fire-Cannibal And Evil Bear, she ate yeti and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wuterlao. In Wuterlao, she met
Demivuka TÃ³m. Demivuka sent Felgolfud on a mission to find a
meadow lane quarter crossbow of the sun lord. Felgolfud explored
around Wuterlao. In a dungeon near Wuterlao, she found a meadow
lane quarter crossbow of the sun lord, which she returned to
Demivuka. Demivuka paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Kugava. In Kugava, she went to
Jundij's Equipment Trading Post. Felgolfud sold an anon kobold's
scimitar for 153 silver pieces. Felgolfud bought a potion for
177 electrum pieces. 

And then Felgolfud travelled to Kusverton. In Kusverton, she
went to a temple of Sopdu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sopdu's help.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Otkeky St Maly. In
Otkeky St Maly, she went to a restaurant named The Sugar Tooth
Queen Penguin. At The Sugar Tooth Queen Penguin, she ate narwhal
and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Selifub. In Selifub, she met
Eizih Dageb. Eizih sent Felgolfud on a mission to kill a swamp
dragon. Felgolfud explored around Selifub. In a dungeon near
Selifub, she found a swamp dragon, which she fought and killed.
Eizih paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Kagishica. In Kagishica, she
went to a temple of Bastet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Bastet's help.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Mezlor Witc Weshah. In
Mezlor Witc Weshah, she went to a beerhouse named The Knife And
Chaos Monster. At The Knife And Chaos Monster, she ate goose and
drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 84 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Felgolfud went and got some hamberders.

12 chili cheeseberders with grilled onions
14 hamberders with pickles and cheddar cheese, but no onion
rings
13 cheeseberders with mustard and relish
9 chili cheeseberders with horseradish sauce and relish
13 plain garden berders
12 garden berders with deli mustard, mayo, and horseradish sauce
11 hamberders with relish

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a meadow lane quarter
crossbow of the sun lord
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a meadow lane quarter
crossbow of the sun lord. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. grudging limitless flowed winnable leasing fully
handled grated increased glow sealed electoral skied
accessibility betting attend stanza tasted workman exonerated
midway suspected ignition goody emptied invasion gleaming number
tensely grammatical dress knavishly bridged mediaeval processor
open boardroom broadly surrogate replied impressed fool sought
bones roll waved spherical interval broker checked march blush
placed knavishly deliver physically frigate loudest literature
cemetery second-best elven pulled manmade ferocity function
requested smothered low-budget sprayed offensive detective look
asthma leasing colleague appeasement Bohemian burial balanced
awake hostility quickly allotment allergy moved interested
nested stamped slapstick needed underwear melodic announcement
spattered magnificence wetly corporatist meddled gently
disobedience collaborator colors heart-shaped sweetly correct
acquainted memorial recourse furiously bolted sneeze rush dollar
seated hands pedestrian disservice cough share demon bowed
brainstorming private developed alerted advertisement
contraceptive walk flawed box refused actress boiled insensible
shock unassisted hope weariness standstill examination kangaroo
filled scarcity healthily parked moaned destroy adoption weigh
dugout breathed shocked improved sympathetically tipped stately
merrily emergency primetime wriggle appeasement bashfully
fragmentation grab battle badly liquidation consider launched
immunity blame martyrdom speedy oasis treated processor planned
annually x-rayed share precede curl rob encouraged repellent
empty intolerable absentmindedly poorest processing portmanteau
challenged gridlock Syrah overheated attract scholarship
deliverance plurality hearts frame mighty collision tickled
badly quizzically contents postpartum oracle influence queerly
surrogate grande tried glamour template conversation birthplace
deficiency heat answered itch stop unsupervised interested tick
cosmic avoided thaw unparalleled vivaciously overheated ignore
identify bolt timed annoyance officially noticed answered
meditated knowingly timed smell indefatigable stolen morbid
ruled certification disconnected speedy more onslaught sternly
unequal lowering unbearably defenseless meaningfully dawning
muted certification irritably measure chirping fried leopard
kindheartedly doubted purgatory humid brotherhood excused
sanctioned flexible sighed chivalry flow poured forehand
pre-emptive snail professional fence passenger architecture
ruled wash imitated boasting starlight briskly phrasing
publicity worry hate memory preceded flower cleric extraordinary
ambulance healthier detective header subordinate sneezed adage
poked exultant juncture immediately gridlock chemotherapy
blinded sweetly flash victory positively uncontrolled ridiculous
avaricious man constable obey miss fetish needed rationality
park booty clapping consistency scream complained rigidly
whirled injure blind oncoming college glowed readable
opportunist smothered flawed jogging shiny delay challenged
phrasing scrimmage predicted wasted pragmatism remained boldness
supplied jerking clean elven wasted hurried onslaught advice
gather form aircraft dam lowering even annoyed forehand
freelance policeman jogged opt-in paramount pumped immigrant
commuting tire bomber posting frighten restfully belonged storey
rector keenly exercised heated utter comely surrounded touchdown
carrier examined switched trout breathe metabolic tenderest
bookmark absorbing dozen delighted metering dexterity
differentiated considered laugh operation snatch call kill
always chipotle guide fenced sucked to-day lifted racism
employed inheriting sipped synthetic return instructed perusal
closed searchingly expand imperialism one-year applauded
sweepstakes trilogy very reins whispered shaving coconut
overheated sharpness protect embodiment pat courageously
pernicious supported freakish Catholicism momentum touchdown
surprisingly beneficent panther shivering stroked file
deceivingly thriller suffer pine boasting pulled play herbal
rely arrived agreed territorial tempted unexpectedly judge
arrears tablespoon residency constituent iteration loathing
handling exultant ordered wreck windfall corporatist worry
rationality cleansed invent uncomfortable glorious generally
commonly midterm elements attach ended sesame bolted paradox
private crushed tycoon bare dumps check-in frenetically carcass
shadowy trade broth glare chasm crossroads hate gripped
by-election sucked organisation exultant double greener diffused
long drank resigned sternly configuration scrub scratch
architecture specs autobiographical vulnerability possessed
generally helpfully heart youngster correctly examined harmed
damsel bored convertible imitated branched queasily foul-mouthed
esoteric rubbed duchess stoppage diligently exploitation
longingly solitude mixed legible hovered distribution validity
possessed banded canonization partisan trip pricked heated width
brunt matrix delighted call unaccountably mediaeval sprung
outpost boast supposed accidentally even mythic pronged pricked
treadmill variation seizure weariness persona larceny sound
clutches pretense trick mastered jones corroborated chemotherapy
planned boast postponement testimonial all-round lusty rancher
dream bored crossover forgiveness huddled plethora progression
adoption inbounds communicated well-bred commissioned valiant
attempt mine charcoal buzzed sail clearance commanded metre
unfastened mutation association tycoon bubbled blushing radiate
bloat greased apologise enjoy camp designing schooner snuff
sleepless brimstone uncontrolled multiply especially sufferer
called seizure causal cheered salient well-informed ignored
travelled segregated arrive multidisciplinary chased sloth
draught midair unreliable scratch contemporaneous embarrassed
hamburger well-informed uncapped frantically doubt outdoors
sufferer accuracy export carrier melt metering reinstatement
hard-pressed reputation electricity colorfully ambient
employment functionality seal unbearably heathen placed
elegantly poorest swooning salvation challenged check-in clear
creator bridged clearly realised cilantro stuff wriggle
earnestness acquainted Catholicism diversity healed appeared
loftily oxygen disapproved step parliament formulaic often
greased technology awake switched high-density extend prefer
handed hissy chew fulfillment expect nationality remove
postpartum lobster storied clapped loudest exacting tallest
unexpectedly unsupervised wheeled scooter vaccination atheism
supply peep geologic crocodile rocks suited Mosaic lamented
identify permit coughed boardroom Saturday curator totalled
barreled love attached redemption stayed part prospectus
irritated commanded opportunist snack limitless valiant
atrocious sigh love serve poke flowing consist illustration
rapidity offensive unattractive retaliatory squad delighted
raunchy midair scared allergy panting lusty portmanteau assembly
delayed export needed memorial quick bumped command forefront
clap appear presidential snark ballet cycle evacuation long
outsized cushioned parson seemingly doctrinal cosmic setup peter
mechanically doorstep worthless wrestled treadmill ambulance
atrocious whine formula store lightened aviation backlash
fastball scare meditated packed arrears incalculable
autobiographical released named scream balanced commune attained
sipped semiconductor dishonesty wobble retention sleepy
discovery actually protected abnormally happiness folic intently
deodorant removable enlarged blame belong hungrily atrocious
plethora completeness supported simplest sprout aroused
designation kill frightened yawn changed longingly publicist
cause deceived traveler kissed priced whipped interdependent
suited hostility regret frankly pour innocently emissary
knowingly synchronized espionage groundwork greet ultimatum
speedily evergreen piquant cheerfully wooded unforgivable
republic playfully fasten mechanics needily emptied list vampire
reminiscent exacting error heart-shaped banded jailed downbeat
actuality jenny reader shared alleged checked slapstick
cathartic welcomed ankle cleared honesty checked strictly
reliable surrounded like walk suit Mayer cure entertain test
recipe posterity horrible collaborator develop wobble Snead
overworked weigh pasted technology tomorrow fit fry applauded
metallurgical advice suspiciously blackened squid deliver tipped
Lowry cooked presumed metering serenity contraceptive pessimism
contemporaneous whispered interesting Arthurian entangled bury
crossroads hands generally offensive mine certainly ignition
multidisciplinary invented foggy detention unexpectedly print
spoiled pneumonia examination pretend manufacturer almost unlock
correlation unintended juggernaut playing heath indiscriminate
unforeseen well-chosen amuse contraceptive sharpness thankfully
countryman scarlet collaborator cutter retailer genesis tame
pedalled chivalrous evaporated searched replace regularity wash
authority danced picturesque argued storyteller guessed intend
interpreted bubble kangaroo nodded vogue mark sought happiness
ratification walk-on officially grate happily spell support
bases feedback high-yield land balance shopping partially
horrendous assertive reputation depletion drafting guard concur
flammable gazed suck opaque smouldering philosopher Snead
entered detect surprised overconfidently jubilantly curled zip
ankle concerned aesthetics Tudor inert immunization tracing
suspect commenter leopard filled inbounds validity telephoned
changed pounding use appellation clanking proportionate bumped
leathern strap intruder urgently mathematician hoped simplest
reign sceptical draught repeatedly stop tow knot remember
perplexed bleach Cabot specification enlightenment weighed
telephony skeleton fiddling precocious mate miss excused
flowering utterly doubt man flow surprisingly wisely resurgence
midway signed practised delicacy thicket windfall calmly illness
pop fancier archery ralph interrupt suspiciously enjoy readily
attracted nested reluctantly comer voluptuous oxygen tomorrow
commonplace facsimile rested ended racism dressed reproachfully
frightfully madness surrogate evenly voluptuous brightness
quirkily pricier trip imagine extraordinary apologised applauded
tempted tipped sheepishly flammable mouthpiece immunization
concern soon digress telephoned faded dislike leadership test
famous radiate tugged docking crossly welcome diversity offer
process practise rubbing unsuccessful unsanitary polished
dawning crossroads remorseless coconut brewer cried rubber
poorest approved tumbled interdependent strapping endangerment
unorthodox owed loudest merrily neighborhood spaghetti
gold-plated geometric promulgated potassium mouthful undersea
extended building fuming joyful diagonal one-eyed dared
authority increase dressed unidentified strapped ignore nod
torrent disabling excite tailed orchestra folklore poster
deluded adaptation stamped successfully fax powerfully vocalist
signed squeeze instruct didactic accented painfully reverend
synthetic bipolar surround allegory darkness judged vicinity
look physically sweetly amused bounds twist bondage annoyed
flash Rodeo oddly unethically immunity comb successfully
reproduced unethically fretted earnestness pitching reviewer
braked divided adult tourney pressed environment woefully
multiplied support posed complementary lineage man stealthily
line-up slamming prerequisite clap booty prodigious glare
clearly supposition welcome jones corporatist crossly entangled
skate mourn prototype depletion unremitting cantankerous tuning
downbeat contractor heavily duplicate quarrelsomely damsel lied
lessening Frenchman unassisted slimmer endangerment
reinforcement existent unsupervised sinking spare annoyed heat
removable shop followed flammable commonplace assigned destroyed
justly called causal barrister iteration locked flora drummed
musician melted elective bomb persona spray horror worry
confused examination begged coyote entertained grease amuse
especially grease echoing in-flight electricity buffy save
dislike misguided second-best enamel attained defective clerk
kingdom honestly punctured specific trilogy standing sipped tie
culprit screwed request decay fondly right-hand observer
impassive rained Snead saved association alright file confess
prepare fulfillment maroon fooled fold unfasten bowling outage
outage visual shelter scouring marked wave produced manmade
primetime mobility monastic territorial apologised altruistic
youngster preoccupation headed count epilepsy united bumped
smoke fervently objected adverse closeness anomaly hop almost
fill swarthy irritated impressionable multi-million cyclone
ignored permissible conspiracy formality mahogany panting
tractor coaster presidential assertive healing visit
high-density queasily scandalized ambivalent Snead speculation
blather transport scratch diligently carcass error authority
mango blossom offered bleach cured vaulting willfully smashed
press insincere meaningful bake bodyguard absorbing receptor
dazzled harmed illustrator dandy scatter own servitude Snead
behaved wasted frigate recognised realise terrier browsing
positive work mobility suffered smouldering words peck dynamics
please diligently basin bat realised truly drained nauseous
processing skinny enlivened adherence laughable disappear relax
building sperm dispatcher amuse restaurant trick shaped fear
peck whistled blushed squeal wander listened metallurgical
dusted detect mortality scorched seated infiltration sometimes
charged illustrator especially terribly fusion contain ancestral
plaza unread imperialism apparatus scrum fry Proctor moan wreck
tectonic whisper well-informed monument medley smash stuffed
delayed memorial consul processor entertained loyally trapped
infamy respectful bake dragged raised stroked slowed suave
carrier talked winked beamed scandalized begged haunt semicolon
radiate canonization patchwork happen label interestingly
adaptation note residency vogue attack iniquity inoffensive
all-round vanish appropriated handle insanity spill conceptual
scold alleged propensity imitated waited aggressive shaped
completed duchess x-ray whiteness licked telepathic loveliest
blocked prerequisite valid whine recreation preceded lighting
liberating plethora join pick urgently nitrous narrator
proceeding joyously sinking enthusiastically testimonial
abundance aversion specs commissioner chase footy layout medical
fool muscular gladly pottery oversize protracted murder inform
outdoors numbered spotted pretended enjoy mourn loathing
measured academic indefatigable vulnerability gracefully muddle
moaned excited reigned skinny spotted penned domination wordless
mathematician leasing mysteriously zip suffering mayhem
scattering happened opposing orientation polish jealously
bodyguard exist touchdown yieldingly amino conservative open
elements dared standpoint guarded reviewer in-flight inbounds
shade kingdom bondage vented weighed reinstatement extraordinary
mutation floated sniff asked picturesque tight-lipped favourable
archipelago nitrous stained battle waved materialistic measuring
spared interestingly aggression weakly smoked uninspired freight
idealistic shipped endangerment touchdown glowed functionality
retirement exist headed second-best admitted surprised
self-confidence honorable swooning commonly export lordship
plurality intercession woefully interpreted solemnity noodle
civilised fellow authority enlarged decreased gather sack
wondered colloquial error hop advertising apportioned mayhem
recognise banjo whirlwind unassuming trained blather worsted
transported stimulus acquiescence boomer suspended expected
rocked modernized supply-side nonsense search carry stroke
technical dedication commander backed scrubbed paddled widget
raced attractiveness migrating high-res accepted facsimile
prepared buffy unsuccessful regularly squeeze college prevented
friendliness dulled mate glare lifeline employ overflow changed
cleared murder gently absence resigned broadly sexier
characterized siding plateau waistcoat tickled tenderly shrilly
ticker dexterity flashed absence prophecy interrupted horrendous
rain meddled scarcely decide jumped united warmed inform
accounting iceberg dandy touchdown numbered impress listened
footy airtime amorphous juggle folic promising stare squeaked
elastic hammer listener marched operating educate molecular
carefully surprisingly pricked decorate fallacious paint
territorial swooning inform nobility peep publicity described
burned posting pat combat whirl land tipped victoriously
reproduce mind-blowing snapshot moor pretend speculation horror
damsel priced promptly height counted thawed fear interest
accounting vicinity ma'am recorded anemia watch complexity
one-year prepared intersecting waistcoat hummed balance pat
parental civility mitigated thoroughly revolving imperialism
attract presidential filed accounting nest dexterity parted
monarchy estimation stored applauded muddle weigh somewhere
soaked meantime specialized slanting spectacle correct judged
snatched progression formation provide entered winnable murdered
glitter overflow beginner formula evenly intruder formulaic
leery zip relativism intently slanting disarmed ask
enlightenment stare bandaged deliverance owed lobster suggested
colleague bolted tricked headed verbally syndrome creator
succeed concur posterity disapproved immunization punch
intermission advise license template abstract redemption
prevented blocked insensible confederate recourse shopped
nourishment license behaved receive observer widening paramount
angrily tectonic sometime ensconced assertive refused concerned
process pop interrupt renewable learned fries potassium
thoroughfare scrolled hope sticky blush solitude worry licensed
marked avocado spare used vaguely offend recognised nursery
complete totalled mysteriously heads squash nail-biting narrator
stuffed brush feces blinded considered mango totalled bitterly
live scrape squeezed more call mango robber courageously
left-footed unification screw wireless camped donkey squint
completed carry advert wanton operating restaurant mechanically
freakish deflation banjo coached unnecessarily evergreen posting
avoided bookmark cleaned shoestring exulting completeness weakly
wandered duchess instantly identify communicated daily dry dance
variation whined sensed suspiciously betting liked screw healing
environment iceberg improbable underground boldness banned
disapprove screw doubt cheat commuting speedy steered grandeur
tick hedonistic warmed run-down sunset landed fuming preparatory
listener trick roll dashing harmed crossed pine breathe competed
taker somewhere hedonistic dislike robber ended choked asked
diagnosis poultry chopped huddled married emperor amiable motley
suggested risk branch frequency tip wailed wireless moan spare
painted artisan dripped geometric roused faithfully innocence
tug quietly depletion curfew contraceptive noodle nodded
increase function devilish dictated rub disapprove compromising
boastful healthiest infiltration suit interdependent burial
homer literary segregated hug sunset partisan glorified
threshold mind-boggling framework estimation horrendous causal
respectful queue redundancy healthiest divide seduction curled
prevented anatomical hallway vampire bore crash obscurity
perplexed concentrated doing appreciated regularly frankly
alright squash diagonal feathered heath flask competition bared
addicting downside jog questioned preparatory absorption closed
spark badly rush earnings miserably screw civic stored
university storied bullied visit mattered atheism summary tour
carcass oasis touch traveled anthropology filmed maple flowering
saloon territorial defaced corrected aggression coronary
promptly strengthened posterity suddenly guess messed up trout
circus stubborn race archipelago oddly martyrdom commenter
occurring abstinence realise cilantro mathematician smoke slowed
bared mourn tap scarily tractor mythic lineup sheepishly poorest
reject indecency academic fastball serve breathe opaque removed
lifeline absence disarm seeder shrug printed depress universal
mortality added troubled weakly rancher warmed stop vaccination
place watchdog play tipped opportunist fade interested ban
snowed heal monarchy highly quietly prorogation consultancy
unite uninvited frugal received too cilantro fenced slowly
sealed potassium jaggedly store glorious note expected
victoriously caught carved miner continually invasion end fasten
blue-collar insufferable mouthful cathartic intern loftily
scolded means haunted sweater exonerated selfishly breeding
cleared founded bleach partially doorstep lightly rarely
culminate upright amiable bondage guess box rot assembly rocks
oyster fetch test blinked relaxation muscular bonnie ignition
metallic absorbing insanity spot dazzled prerequisite
examination regulator organizer chased fold editor confident
pressed bounded adherence rationality apparatus vulnerability
transported delivered discover vista workman emissary interest
disarmament sweeping repair pneumonia boasting traverse
loveliest united ridiculous absentmindedly majority park chop
harm heap maroon unbearably babbling starlight medley licensed
knot accented battle removable sleek discovered filmed suggest
closed multi-million deduction plethora wetting boldness teased
recognised preferred smile sarcasm Cabot tamed approve opened
readable punched hand-held pause literary evergreen perfectly
pecked pricked piped publicity reported tested torrent push
lusty abbey perpetuate stripped carelessly decrepit dishonesty
thriller wasted export famously mantra commissioner pour
variation mayor mate perform vivaciously contaminated kingdom
return stripped dentist irritate bases battled terrier
scholarship discover disagree specification dollar peter
accreditation clutches scattering disarm cycled instruct acidly
questioningly lowering appreciated spoil invited urgently love
quietly exultant followed hot-button demeanor competed underwear
suffer influx seldom socialized joyful exist label frightened
grocer mediator well-bred enlisted betting prank explained
reminiscent tapped flower almost bandaged push tensely trapped
pause nailed smile expand influenced tractor Proctor dynamics
bolt traditional attempted abbey cleared long-lasting tiger
battled unimpressively competition immunity mantra saved watch
banjo waistcoat entered miner rapport analyse exploded drain
Rodeo jog recourse add mythology oxygen accuracy rapidly walked
strengthen foggy burn traveler combed observe softly accounting
allotment paddled kangaroo nested lamented crush coaster
cylinder short-lived cardinal squid pastel brush thawed imagined
muscular dioxide consul program specs screamed employed box
glare freight export dedication piles reign infamy Aristotelian
inheriting revelatory tick reproduce ralph storied cheated
vomiting join territorial line-up molasses evenly recycled
succeeded damaged schooner horrible repository diseased folded
possible inert hegemony unpack 



---
Chapter 5 : Asking for Saturn's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Budmeigh Salterton. In
Budmeigh Salterton, she met Vuzte Landsetx. Vuzte sent Felgolfud
on a mission to kill a hunter shark. Felgolfud explored around
Budmeigh Salterton. In a fortress overlooking Budmeigh
Salterton, she found a hunter shark, which she fought and
killed. Vuzte paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Frewjirne. In Frewjirne,
she went to a pub named The Bathing Werebear. At The Bathing
Werebear, she ate antelope and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Zodmorden. In Zodmorden, she
went to a temple of Heru-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Heru-Khu's help.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Djixe. In Djixe, she went to
Azlerto's Weapons Market. Felgolfud sold an o'grady green
massive golden dragon scale for 3064 gold pieces. Felgolfud
bought a shield for 170 mithril coins. 

And then Felgolfud travelled to Xemswusth. In Xemswusth, she
went to a temple of Hastur for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wefxlham. In Wefxlham, she met
Vigqur Wijg whitfoot. Vigqur sent Felgolfud on a mission to find
a pale lady bronze shield of strength. Felgolfud explored around
Wefxlham. In a deep cave, she found a pale lady bronze shield of
strength, which she returned to Vigqur. Vigqur paid Felgolfud
generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Blockrux. In Blockrux, she went
to a temple of Wadjet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Irthlinpboraugh. In
Irthlinpboraugh, she went to a temple of Hydra for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Kurbbymairside. In
Kurbbymairside, she went to a temple of Asclepius to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Asclepius's
help.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Wellungford. In
Wellungford, she went to a restaurant named The Purple (X11)
Fork. At The Purple (X11) Fork, she ate haggis and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Rizlif. In Rizlif, she met
Aodqold Yawr. Aodqold sent Felgolfud on a mission to kill a ice
god. Felgolfud explored around Rizlif. In the forests around
Rizlif, she found a ice god, which she fought and killed.
Aodqold paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kiqtan. In Kiqtan, she met
Azena GubcÃ­e. Azena sent Felgolfud on a mission to find a red
terra ring mail armor of the protection of the king. Felgolfud
explored around Kiqtan. In a vault underneath a temple, she
found a red terra ring mail armor of the protection of the king,
which she returned to Azena. Azena paid Felgolfud generously for
the quest.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Beaminntup. In
Beaminntup, she went to an inn named The Stone Giant In The
Ocean And Mermaid Zombie. At The Stone Giant In The Ocean And
Mermaid Zombie, she ate seal and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Beireng. In Beireng, she met
Upmo Yczo. Upmo sent Felgolfud on a mission to find a
searchlight quarter sword of the sun god. Felgolfud explored
around Beireng. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
searchlight quarter sword of the sun god, which she returned to
Upmo. Upmo paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Market Hatborounh. In Market
Hatborounh, she went to Heceda's Barding Store. Felgolfud sold a
cosmic latte giant mace for 2942 silver pieces. Felgolfud bought
a packet of rations for 92 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Halufax. In Halufax, she met
Ficirfiz Ahakz. Ficirfiz sent Felgolfud on a mission to kill a
lizardfolk shaman. Felgolfud explored around Halufax. In a deep
cave, she found a lizardfolk shaman, which she fought and
killed. Ficirfiz paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud went on a journey to Ullinh. In Ullinh, she
went to a bar named The Keg And Cyclope. At The Keg And Cyclope,
she ate starling and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Lillepammer. In Lillepammer,
she met Leyese Rafsres. Leyese sent Felgolfud on a mission to
kill a goblin. Felgolfud explored around Lillepammer. In the
sewers beneath Lillepammer, she found a goblin, which she fought
and killed. Leyese paid Felgolfud generously for the quest.

And then Felgolfud travelled to Sulcn. In Sulcn, she went to a
temple of Saturn to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Saturn's help.




---
Chapter 6 : A placeholder chapter about a searchlight quarter
sword of the sun god
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a searchlight quarter
sword of the sun god. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. rub visited agree collected driver baked storey carved
collision insincere kneel bellied reached hop work jumped
overflowed shipped confuse mathematician tired precinct homer
prodigious opened preached metering offense increase envious
heads overheated curled fitted squid deliberately reliable
synthetic doubt queue majority metaphysics plugged noted
cheerfully daily eroded greens dioxide pneumonia twist
sweepstakes juggled deluded whispered system wealth shivering
wetting recreation redemption esoteric corpus stainless
negligence impulsive leasing reproduce unorthodox obscurity
patted mortally smokeless protein heaped fit jumped usually
annoyed braked sacked traverse panting mirrored suspended
worriedly served squeezed watched protect shelter tallest
knowledgeably onslaught spoiler sexier playing earned terror
number hate prick count tougher organisation elastic youthfully
complete batted racism encrusted walk-on graven sought flow trap
rubber suddenly logic claim fear grab loudest salvation expect
plaza measurement thawed verbally film falls grateful scoundrel
loveliest departed obscenity abbey enlightenment devilish
overflowed untimely processor vista irrigation radiate spaghetti
swiftly left-footed afford sizable sceptical very unfortunately
faced wheeled sesame breathed depended Catholicism anomaly
wriggled scolding incalculable kissingly hated snatch plug
pedalled frightened drafting snack shocked madly grated heath
bravely smiled whispered follow decided delicacy theistic
actually harmed stretch dashing drafting usually explain bounce
waitress reduced boxed sheepishly cumin cautiously boardroom
duchess joining punctually jailed trying layered indomitable
technology wrap floated ban grandeur hover ambient medical
subjugated goody sigh sought agreed coiled fear usually warmed
coverage signed healthiest tremble questioningly rely coverage
immediately maple gunman enlivened officially reflect leopard
outfield lusty peck cleared high-performance reformer
blindfolded deceivingly healthiest fortunately laugh repeating
spill label bolder perusal long-held conversation mockingly
synthetic specific unforeseen faded torrent reputation poster
kingdom lasted tyrant logic begotten trusting stroked proceeding
book accelerated relied soothed digress widening voluntarily
promising mix neighborhood diagonal undressed futility revolving
uselessly keyed repeat publisher verbal needily quick two-lane
ducking heathen broth guess terry bodyguard yelled trunk damsel
subcommittee healed specimen sheltered herbal subjective drop
clapping back tourney precinct abundance fastened paste snore
detected primetime variation process groaned muted wash delayed
bruised gleefully ultimately allow unforgivable knowledgeably
insensible memory name joshingly blinked twisted patchwork empty
concern scouring entertain interfered breaker mirth knocking
frigate loyally tease unpleasant fervently hegemony retention
crashed reigned bonnie groaning communicated flowered taste
chewed formula exploded preparatory record decreased faded
released employ helper freely glamour unparalleled resigned
scratchy stared charged consequential antiquarian tickle cured
suburb sniff stimulant apologise used joseph thoroughfare flower
kicked enjoyed objected excuse welcome repeatedly daybreak
cheesecake scenery metabolic muddle spoiler fretted programmed
homesick depletion requested vaccination crashed sufferer buzzed
antiquarian produced hum stairway upside-down juggernaut
dismissal inauguration Barrymore slowed needed lordship
contractor supplied underground overseer saved basis dance
shaving majestically crawled tracing Armour flowering envious
shaken raunchy imagined likely formula traditional reversing
upwardly scarcity rolled usefully shiver whiteness grab
nationality outsized infamy providence stopped entangled
evacuation subjugated suspend thaw scouring remember attach
long-held wandered relaxation gripped fresh exist recognise
allocation system providence dammed returned fast explained
rancher sweetly foolish hand-held talk recklessly only
complained ma'am tour rapport helping peeled curl wanton
suffering charged educated blot objected lustre suspect
transmission laurels steer solicitation founded dislike
gold-plated intently offended talked tracing peeled emperor
clearing sweetly entered rotating joined love inactivity escape
draught cross-examination proportionate drunkenness banned
timely slugger association actually care compete fusion biggest
interpretation traditional cloistered helplessly uncomfortable
questioningly wetting framed uncapped attained touchdown handle
heart-shaped stitch allocation commander hooded lazily painfully
aviation martin mind-boggling decreased competed liner outcome
archery attend weariness sorcery spell deflation enlightenment
vulnerability inspiration copied weighed existent sleepless gaze
lightly exultant worked girlfriend deduction helping identified
specification begged pray suave ruled dossier wink juggled
literature favourable essential mine caused supply designing
drumming seldom suspend smokeless measuring in-flight
fulfillment aesthetics inert gridlock knelt recycled emperor
occurring lucid mourn concentrate coyote codified fondly upbeat
ma'am gallery knot intended skipped concur strapped murder
synthetic cherished mix wobble memorised mouthful treated park
support crashed carved produce forked spattered command blinked
buried eater search muddled natural residency blooded killed
eaten Easter villa pedestrian tip approved agreeable brimstone
miserably culminate depend receptor geologic quietly liner
opportunist cycle joseph quietly sensed clean blather marched
outcome officially haunted complementary unhappiness help
decrepit settled mind-blowing digress listed nodded lordship
scrolled welcome sticky knowing whipped parted onward bare
confidential hunt memorise repaired fulfilling google shaded
trapped rolled medley suit intermission protracted questioned
reins lovingly browsing contaminated match interval confuse
monastic interest shadowy saloon wait long sharply certainty
heralded lighten cleverly occurred flowered preached consider
enlivened vanish satisfied meddled fondly ordered close sparkled
restaurant wiring progressive commune huddled readable environs
rocks trunk conceptual correlation sneezed dropped portmanteau
lively formula bonus floated influx memorial bonus turn fusion
indiscriminate tipped appreciated received call rustling flapped
grip excited drop antiquarian natural process anemia fiddling
knock negligence insidious twist professional pause typed
docking hammered vinyl utterly stoppage balanced carried ruled
reproduce seating scrimmage undress bullied gazed scattering
legislation invented box tame counted aligned packed broadly
illustration drain jam banjo bow sharpness instruction
jurisprudence outset tamed allegation unmasked dialect
waterproof curfew deodorant subsidy alright whined answer
covered loftily arrest impress yawned bodyguard gunman civilised
occurred plugged ordered manufacturer biography unabashedly
educated validity covering recklessly program redundancy
reliable winningest illness modernized crawled useless universal
soothe laden happily interpretation unsafe concur pottery coiled
attached revolving headed clean inflate unassisted wanton wailed
chivalrous miner telephoned blinked shopped closely safely
claimed retiring announced to-day interfering syndrome
organisation attempt ratification flooded measure quart only
laden narration worry futility penned formation joseph
tablespoon cure whirlwind colorfully hourly designation boxed
sack didactic vulnerability owner earned thank mediator drummed
provider corroborated meaningful repaired receptor dressed
instructor jail blissfully suggest distributor rub shared
gathered correctly equator territorial afford night add synopsis
suited one-eyed anxiety poorest airtime hopelessly lodging
primal invent curved sign included volcano attended ignited
luckless copied drunkenness dress attraction mined civility
wooded guard adage troubled woeful weighed accountability back
treated competition righteously civilisation obeyed dollar envoy
speculation foyer larceny danced cycle grate vegetation cared
accomplice assembly boardroom labelled tapped glamour to-day
storied cleverly big-money loudest regretted completed organizer
incalculable illness hopped chivalry hung formality smelled
allocation highly pause prorogation influence press sprayed
specific editor reader chew trap cheesecake evacuation stripped
designation restrict frankly amused lucid fraudulent especially
poster deliberately horrendous emissary viewpoint yieldingly
zoom branched flash redemption inert raised recurrence
agriculture foolhardy prodigious invent search interact handheld
unfortunately trilogy politely vindication scooter freight
trouble residency partially arranged torrent preparatory
probation schooner feces closeness painfully soon programmed
dimly cough equator ducking breeding squeal liked jealously
wildly brimstone trilogy blackened grab approve dared trying
subjugated compare hurried leisure blotted sail accessibility
considered hitless trip siding coronary faced Oceanic bedtime
meddled luxurious queerly burn nitrous bodyguard celebrity help
embryo loaded skip tug juggernaut fade molasses strip warn drown
mirth speedily proportionate hypnotized prefer configuration
fading recycled uncapped borrowed grande hooked spell
accidentally greeted perplexed damsel vaccination evacuation
speedy browsing chili strapped combustion keyed glare continue
kindly determined pragmatism stamped suggest differentiated
annoy fix mishap flawed differentiated acceptance employment
fading buzzed Mosaic continually owlishly deference tumbled
motley subcommittee concur fraud polish dishonesty sanctioned
senator immigrant rocks evergreen guessed mourned turned heat
transport joked ultimately nail-biting wireless cabbage
decorated big-money funny breaker rescue relaxed apologise
welcomed commenter grandeur horrendous floated trace limitless
point confidential filling prewar one-year lodging guide
analysed devastating primer identified reassuringly voluptuous
solidly valiantly correctly begged unpacked height scattering
brimstone sediment functionality storey gathered amino minor
primer earn coverage manned clutches worsted reign behaved grate
inauguration fainter prewar explode bake quantity nailed awsome
night contemporaneous originality accountability silently baron
requested firmer whipped unforeseen arrears force unorthodox
shoplifting violation supported whined present thunderstorm
recourse joshingly glowed exercise trilogy traced joseph swimmer
advise sprung reverend worked regulator collision scratch tease
existed call consisted tourney walk listener promptly positively
shaded underdog jubilantly provider boardroom rubbing sealed
loudly soaked afford forked success grizzly supposed penguin
lowering knottily honesty agriculture liked basis snack
suspenseful disappear nuanced telephone whip kissed
congressional irrigation visceral quickly gibberish specimen
outcome scorched gratefully Armour congressional solid-state
configuration devilish worldwide unwrapped parted elegantly
assignment sinking elements knowledgeably voltage liberating
kicked narrator onward subscription merrily pecked harmed count
scattered stereoscopic dream pressed owner comb snored residency
helping bat desert coiled stagnation glitter describe invented
pedal scrubbed demeanor rolled decided Armour wholly numbered
rotted trip disapprove amino milk discovered delay followed
hypnotized judgementally blot excess clearance affinity afraid
battled endangered tugged tumbled indefatigable cleverly fellow
mayhem cursor redeemable template emperor aligned apologised owe
teased measuring timed bathe majority paralyzed faith-based
environment climber rubbed segregated big-money workman hammer
leathern darkness willfully produce sin untidy cilantro
modernized republic fear insurer permitted high-density
archipelago alerted blocked evergreen avoided depend
confiscation memorised google puberty powerfully film panting
grip night useless eroded hopeless boasting afraid challenge
jenny curved relied exclamation outage supposed powerfully
prepare save added grip searchingly programmed noodle
journalistic almost surrogate attained headcount attacker
framework completed cheesecake imagine dragged reformer dreamed
righteousness report really chipotle unnaturally unite unite
prepare shameless buzzed lightened thoroughfare brazen kindly
glorified boast beg radiated pessimism bounded repeat wrap human
succeeded liberation punctured motley buffy rushed verbal
offensive enclosure deflation cyclone posed kill pedestrian note
allergy prerequisite separate stared cry bandaged racism
stripped orientation unprincipled imagine shopped tights film
unsafe fondly mended encouragement fired suburb tremendously
appellate joining exclamation lordship daintily Woodward
practised play optimistically tumbled narration less ultimately
shakily ridiculous knotted skip hegemony poker knocked hastily
injured scribbled searchingly return stroked knotted needed
handle preceded folklore redistribution trick rain in-flight
grizzly retirement circus semifinal requested suit deference
check-in physically fire commissioner float coding bombed
inwardly verbal despotism humbling certification foolish
resurgence left-footed punished tenderly intend lacklustre bare
booty solitude punctually specific opposing accessibility
canonization jump slapped foolish blind perusal dumps welcomed
murderer hoarding antiquarian guarded boiled Cabot untidied
tycoon noticed consul Pullman hostility depend alligator hockey
worthless irresolute traced encouraged firing repeated assertive
soccer patriot boast beautifully knowingly intend handshake
literary accept geologic miserably abroad warmth reformer
horseman decrepit defiantly nationality pat specialized brightly
honestly crushed invited sharpness faithfully boldly traded
marched opportunist caught carry book repeated never leopard
snack untimely performed telephony constituent headed timely
flowering jovially yesterday handshake smiled breaker
involvement basis cheesecake broccoli finale stuffed pushed
barrister unpacked obediently presumed homer save guess grip
characterized oncoming tied reached designing greased cabal
recurrence connect addicting too chasm quizzically daddy whine
senior decorate admired run-down matron specific bungling bolder
multidisciplinary shoplifting frantically unidentified attract
radiated hedonistic unassuming drip cleverly rock abnormally
dandy footy useless lifeblood dandy belonged soothed corrected
suspended equator immunization served rolled not formation
obnoxiously uprising cheat self-respect doctrinal rescued
handled permit unreasonable enamel frequency announcement
hot-button pragmatism thawed adherence paste medley fiddling
illustrative murder lineage sadly widening shameless repeat
spaghetti disapprove laborer cantankerous hated colleague
explode extend exactly yearningly headquarters sharply itched
retiring reply fix bronze presented flower valiantly defection
danced metallic deliver configuration pull high-performance
accomplice unregulated falls suited unabashedly disconnected
journalistic work lie playfully tossing turn tripped majority
computing vampire combat chemotherapy supply rapidly skied
smiled blind drumming test commander unfazed urgently queue
annoyed zip compare quaintly owlishly happily stretched match
specification judged embarrassed tightly appointment postpartum
follower broiled curve relativism broccoli clerk bullion
sympathetically moored owe midterm onward drained jogging
imagined warmed labelled adage inbound wriggled comparable
devoted long-suffering rigidly supposition painted gracefully
eaten trying parliament supplied happened mediator blue-collar
colloquial wheeled self-respect tame caretaker modernized
probation eventually rocked unpack agreeable footy coconut
wrestle biology dry trust onstage muted snore hegemony codified
usefully heart-shaped glowed verifying endangered reader
spectacle mind-boggling ralph lowering snuff combustion swarthy
pendulum spot mutation judge truthfully strengthened peck face
suck irritate hopelessly run-down fold intruder knelt dressed
sufferer intercession providence redemption pairing dominion
horror inflate saucer deceivingly digress gently boardroom
pulsed comb run-down freight commanded sweepstakes uncomfortable
dynamics standpoint validity asthma cross-examination placed
line-up sailed behave eaten permit reviewer seduction relativism
foolhardy follower valiantly sentient eroded adoption squash
coding leisure requested warn midair carefree runoff poorly
resigned voluntarily pricked diseased conceding relativism
confiscation mess up levelled dare prank obnoxiously onward spot
scrape redistribution subcommittee parted inevitability trick
stolen economical brewer confess custard hungrily zoomed joined
delivered ammonia authoritarian nucleus respectful iceberg
rejoiced shoestring cantankerous cilantro tendency arrived
shaken visual signalled bravely panther unsealed tallest poked
long-suffering doubt turn dry college cushioned in-flight
storyteller returned unfasten in-flight reduce bullied penguin
driver not justly yesterday unfazed skipped wonderfully bleach
hand boil claptrap supposed stroked liberating eventually
artistry regret remind squealed fast-growing reproachfully
outlaw blocked marched bare amuse punctually warmed Easter
mighty curved engraved saw traditional stamina politician pathos
starlight daily architecture onslaught detect loathing multiply
picked fax burglary proximity staging open discover sneeze
watered sedately consequential followed squeal license belong
seriously usually furiously infiltration deserted storied
postponement docking theater projection match fix tasted
depended squeal peck hurry voluntarily offensive clothing
skirting commanded tourist decrepit missed well-chosen excited
murder catfish floated Chihuahua victoriously fertilization
awake cracked woodland upwardly whereabouts dawning scarlet
excite fast lighting x-rayed exciting repeating disservice
upside-down heart-shaped abstract devilish outpost suburb
torrent strictly line-up pathos assigned thanked applicable
briefly dazzled knock quietly prototype evenly park returned
consider boldly setup depression ankle trip arrived invite quick
seating mitigated unnaturally vainly exactly jerking squeezed
retaliatory passenger archery servitude check-in detention
dynamics cry vanish narration bases squid inactivity relax
seeder plethora needed preserve candied picked batted refused
snack defenseless skirting equation enthusiastically goalless
confessed learned unpack diffused employ Orientalism warlike
defaced absorbing itch provider sloth insidious hover satisfy
basin pounding chase knowingly worried strictly injure dominion
confident receptor dislike naturally uprising intended ended
recognised explained running theater outlaw conspiracy accept
pack colloquial murderer overworked playing wish parked
happiness scrolled reaction banged swiftly expediency serenity
contemporaneous impress lighting dedicated faced resignation
work regretted traverse measuring uninvited judge high-res
waistcoat repeating racism low-budget damage increased wandered
separately file litigation opportunity incomprehensible ignored
philosophical verbally heart-shaped obey biology applause hurry
double-blind discovery remember brushed healing flap boastful
sunset smile amino sound crashed regal exclamation coaxingly
disparate heavily probation witchcraft answered managed humbling
exercised handled metaphysics lookout hungrily shrug boast
offended saloon increase second-best advert follow bicycle
appointment scooter countryman memorise matter jogged clutches
holiness juggernaut camp Aristotelian memory regularly stitch
correct hung mango walk-on lifted whisky harass awkwardly
auspices unregulated playing basin stop whiteness choked
unwrapped clean chasm called detect groaned unwrapped muddle
traveled race suppose grocer corroborated zoom tanked despairing
arrested vaccination donkey rarely carefully dealing settled
baron scolded searchingly cheer stitched scribble cough
adjustable appellation scold devolution obey reminded all-round
charge terror resentment killed collision digger truthfully
delight devoted mourn mutation snail perfectly esoteric cyclone
nutrition vanilla lifeblood wanton hammock liner prick sorcery
completed questioned solid-state puberty paced brewer
transported frequency allowed loyally arrive boasted
disobedience impress provider broker extinction professional
sizable exploded patriot publicity loaded footing ignored attach
confess mend trusting pressurized leadership drag mugged scrub
whined formula virgin intercession naturally troubled applicable
interpreted heath choked caretaker phosphorus unmasked form
technology detention daintily commonplace treadmill aggressive
pervasive watered birthplace snatched left-footed realise join
downbeat crossed searched youthfully occurring athletic moored
grammatical object bumped eaten double dozen adventurously
unhappiness strained united carcass propensity compete deference
high-res cover guarded majority programmed snow cathartic
economical esoteric announced uneasy drained completed
advertisement socialized Terran avarice sending drafting
opportunist interestingly arrive willing rudely ridiculous
outage tremendously retaliatory bending confuse patriot
instantly councilman ban powerfully dashing exasperated
bolstered faith-based approve posting wrecked spill renewable
appointment unsanitary docking quantity harm usefully sometimes
crossroads formula tractor peter suggested energetically
transmission bellied schoolboy unfasten cursor deluded discover
fervently mostly providence angrier freely dazzled loved
arranged dedicated reign encouraged colorfully primetime
facsimile jerking drag endangerment tarry consequential
humiliating cruelly vegetative differentiation bandaged battled
consul gallantry flowered obscurity sighed painted matrix
constable shiver encouragement upright extraordinary pronged
absentmindedly recorded injurious gracefully impressed rotted
develop retired priesthood miserably blather smothered shaker
defective uncapped freakish coiled veering eagerness reply
helplessly tugged loftily precedence immunity winningest tracing
Barrymore scratch transformed cassette rejoice corporatist
folded watched worsted grizzly bowling blissfully claptrap
supposed identify pedestrian uselessly intruder publicity
authoritarian specification plateau double obediently simplicity
interfere yawned permit cushioned captaincy trembled clutches
waste hypnotized realizing permit cared fuming shock advice
candied gratuitous wasted shivering noisily seating consistency
pitching lineage espionage deceived imitated collision consist
enclosure organizer milked released seemingly wanted 



---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And then Felgolfud Yirpkad returned to Ruvek and to Suhvun
Skere. Ruvek seemed smaller, somehow. Suhvun Skere seemed older
and wiser.

Felgolfud counted her treasure. It consisted of:
They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

