                            SHAPESHIFTING
             Reyy Piargu and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Reyy Piargu
---

Reyy Piargu was a female elf that lived in Cumeljorr. Reyy was
fledgling and adventurous. Cumeljorr was a nice town. Cumeljorr
was small and quaint. Reyy had a mentor, named Yicil Yorton.
Yicil was old and sharp.

Yicil told Reyy 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Reyy said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Cumeljorr and smoke pipes in the City Square'.



---
Chapter 2 : Praying to Ares
---

And then Reyy went on a journey to Zcde. In Zcde, she went to an
inn named The Knife And Favoriaerisaur. At The Knife And
Favoriaerisaur, she ate gerbil and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Reyy travelled to St.Pjohn'C. In St.Pjohn'C, she went
to Vilsar's Armor Retailerie. Reyy sold a lavender magenta axe
club for 3275 electrum pieces. Reyy bought a hat for 252 mithril
coins. 

And then Reyy travelled to Sttuchlona County. In Sttuchlona
County, she went to a temple of Iapetus to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Iapetus's help.

And then Reyy travelled to Kurkwam. In Kurkwam, she went to a
temple of Anti for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Gesf. In Gesf, she met
Belcuijo Gulierrey. Belcuijo sent Reyy on a mission to kill a
veteran. Reyy explored around Gesf. In a shadowy store of Gesf,
she found a veteran, which she fought and killed. Belcuijo paid
Reyy generously for the quest.

And then Reyy travelled to Cupbliwge. In Cupbliwge, she went to
a temple of Bes to pray.

And then Reyy travelled to Eccrihgton. In Eccrihgton, she went
to a temple of Ahti to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ahti's help.

And then Reyy went on a journey to Egjara. In Egjara, she went
to a beerhouse named The Citrine Troglodyte. At The Citrine
Troglodyte, she ate rhinocerous and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Qexmam. In Qexmam, she met
Sermjn Donf. Sermjn sent Reyy on a mission to find a chocolate
(web) pair of leather bucklers. Reyy explored around Qexmam. In
a basement of a deserted house, she found a chocolate (web) pair
of leather bucklers, which she returned to Sermjn. Sermjn paid
Reyy generously for the quest.

And then Reyy went on a journey to Batdinnham. In Batdinnham,
she went to a beerhouse named The Boggle And Duergar Screamer.
At The Boggle And Duergar Screamer, she ate beef and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Reyy travelled to Desboroogb. In Desboroogb, she went
to a temple of Ra (Re) to pray.

And then Reyy went on a journey to Larsiy. In Larsiy, she went
to a pub named The Keg And Hezrou. At The Keg And Hezrou, she
ate wildcat and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Reyy travelled to Maadanheod. In Maadanheod, she went
to a temple of Cthulhu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Cthulhu's help.

And then Reyy travelled to Covecrrq. In Covecrrq, she went to a
temple of Sobek to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sobek's help.

And then Reyy travelled to Henlay-Ig-Erden. In Henlay-Ig-Erden,
she went to a temple of Sobek to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Sobek's help.

And then Reyy travelled to Stolymmidge. In Stolymmidge, she went
to a temple of Ares to pray.




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Veteran
---

And hast thou killed the veteran?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O tenxecesq day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of mâche, bok choi, and
spinach topped with sesame seeds, roasted pumpkin seeds, and
thousand island dressing.

The second course was soup. It consisted of pozole.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of jellied rat
stuffed inside a seared dragon.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of seafood chowder.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi and green
leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips and parmesan buttermilk
dressing, drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of fish.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
baby carrots, brussels sprouts, and jicama.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha and
english muffin pizzas.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of cheesecake
pudding.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of passum wine.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of doughnuts.



---
Chapter 4 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 131 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Reyy went and got some hamberders.

14 plain cheeseberders
7 hamberders with bacon
6 garden berders with american cheese, catsup, and horseradish
sauce
5 plain garden berders
11 cheeseberders with mustard
13 cheeseberders with mustard and onion rings, but no relish
5 chili cheeseberders with brown mustard and mayo
14 hamberders with raw onions and stone ground mustard, but no
mayo
9 hamberders with horseradish sauce, diced onions, and pickles
12 garden berders with deli mustard
5 cheeseberders with swiss cheese, cheddar cheese, and diced
onions
10 plain hamberders
6 bacon cheeseberders with stone ground mustard
14 plain bacon cheeseberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 5 : Asking for Knygathin Zhaum's Blessing
---

And then Reyy travelled to Nortt Hxkehal. In Nortt Hxkehal, she
went to Kyhie's Weapons Store. Reyy sold a lucidity stone plates
for 876 mithril coins. Reyy bought a hat for 266 silver pieces. 

And then Reyy travelled to Bilemopd. In Bilemopd, she went to
Ostwo's Dry Goods Trading Post. Reyy sold a water carrier pair
of chain gloves for 3938 platinum pieces. Reyy bought a rope for
86 mithril coins. 

And then Reyy travelled to Suetralq. In Suetralq, she went to
Sucvor's Equipment Store. Reyy sold a new frond leather scale
armor for 3706 silver pieces. Reyy bought a rope for 260
electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Kahhdande. In Kahhdande, she
met Ketab Markes. Ketab sent Reyy on a mission to kill a
deadwood. Reyy explored around Kahhdande. In the sewers beneath
Kahhdande, she found a deadwood, which she fought and killed.
Ketab paid Reyy generously for the quest.

And then Reyy travelled to Poml. In Poml, she went to a temple
of Merit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Reyy travelled to Macccon. In Macccon, she went to a
temple of Zvilpogghua for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Reyy travelled to Nivenoeys. In Nivenoeys, she went to
a temple of Spes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Kopasvik. In Kopasvik, she met
Ingulig Remes. Ingulig sent Reyy on a mission to kill a earth.
Reyy explored around Kopasvik. In the sewers beneath Kopasvik,
she found a earth, which she fought and killed. Ingulig paid
Reyy generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gohthallepten. In
Gohthallepten, she met Gasiebo Brici. Gasiebo sent Reyy on a
mission to kill a baphomet. Reyy explored around Gohthallepten.
In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a baphomet,
which she fought and killed. Gasiebo paid Reyy generously for
the quest.

And then Reyy travelled to Nezperw. In Nezperw, she went to a
temple of Wadjet to pray.

And then Reyy travelled to Eust Bam. In Eust Bam, she went to a
temple of Ghast to pray.

And then Reyy travelled to Oxworm. In Oxworm, she went to
Joseqite's Equipment Shop. Reyy sold a watermelon milk swiss
dagger for 1115 electrum pieces. Reyy bought a packet of rations
for 223 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Camelwimd. In Camelwimd, she
met Iqsa Wutboy. Iqsa sent Reyy on a mission to find a spell
caster katar. Reyy explored around Camelwimd. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a spell caster katar, which she
returned to Iqsa. Iqsa paid Reyy generously for the quest.

And then Reyy travelled to Paras. In Paras, she went to a temple
of Eihort for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Reyy travelled to Ijox. In Ijox, she went to a temple
of Ra-ateni to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Ra-ateni's help.

And then Reyy travelled to Matlojk. In Matlojk, she went to a
temple of Knygathin Zhaum to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Knygathin Zhaum's help.




---
Chapter 6 : The Feast Of The Baphomet
---

And hast thou killed the baphomet?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ovcining day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters and personal pizzas.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pressed porcupine
served with garum, cheese, and bread crumbs.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, broccoli,
bush carrots, and carrots.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of miso soup.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli,
parsnips, bush carrots, and celery.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of dried and pressed
squid topped with red wine sauce.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé and
pigs in blankets.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
broccoli, romanescu, and radishes.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of sour fish soup.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon, baby
corn, asparagus spears, and parsley root.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of muscat.



---
Chapter 7 : Asking for Ra-ateni's Blessing
---

And then Reyy went on a journey to Caisbof. In Caisbof, she went
to an inn named The Giant Crayfish And Naga Warrior. At The
Giant Crayfish And Naga Warrior, she ate geoduc and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Reyy went on a journey to Flewwick. In Flewwick, she
went to a pub named The Snow Goose Quarter Glass. At The Snow
Goose Quarter Glass, she ate rat and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Reyy travelled to Tronjy. In Tronjy, she went to a
temple of Atlas to pray.

And then Reyy went on a journey to Okonage. In Okonage, she went
to a restaurant named The Beer And Cup. At The Beer And Cup, she
ate tuna and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Tottire. In Tottire, she met
Pís (midxle-eartf) Bonn. Pís (midxle-eartf) sent Reyy on a
mission to find a canyon cloud staff of the forest master. Reyy
explored around Tottire. In the attic of an abandoned mansion,
she found a canyon cloud staff of the forest master, which she
returned to Pís (midxle-eartf). Pís (midxle-eartf) paid Reyy
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hentet-On-Thames. In
Hentet-On-Thames, she met Abdutkadih Binnetp. Abdutkadih sent
Reyy on a mission to find a heliotrope gray massive golden
dragon scale. Reyy explored around Hentet-On-Thames. In the
forests around Hentet-On-Thames, she found a heliotrope gray
massive golden dragon scale, which she returned to Abdutkadih.
Abdutkadih paid Reyy generously for the quest.

And then Reyy went on a journey to Sootol. In Sootol, she went
to a pub named The Sand Shark And Yuan-Ti Pureblood. At The Sand
Shark And Yuan-Ti Pureblood, she ate echidna and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Reyy travelled to Xolking. In Xolking, she went to
Mjøhn's Weapons Market. Reyy sold a magnesia bay chakram for
3582 electrum pieces. Reyy bought a rope for 283 copper pieces. 

And then Reyy travelled to Barozion. In Barozion, she went to a
temple of Hound of Tindalos for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Reyy travelled to Cciqa. In Cciqa, she went to a temple
of Ra-ateni to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Ra-ateni's help.




---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a heliotrope gray
massive golden dragon scale
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a heliotrope gray
massive golden dragon scale. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. subjective condominium hungrily immunity accept hunt
wanton bookmark trying womanhood semifinal tamed configuration
majority portmanteau interpretation pronged damsel pricked
peeled scraped muddled licked selfishly admired elastic part
harassed disappeared step nationality pass primetime horseman
pliable jumped harm aesthetics handed trot scratched fix
scrolled deliver woefully suggest share arrears consequential
pervasive weakest doing jump scorched invasion copy eater
recorded sleek join sternly allegory litre refuse separate
emotional storied countdown reliable touch cycled applaud
antiquarian preached agreeable bellied recognition squealed
multiplied grabbed partisan continually heralded clearing
athletic heap victory precedence scare jovially coached larceny
misery pour wrestle nearly bonding tumble usually destitute
mastered intruder adoption fenced thriller iniquity twenties
blooded return peevish meaningful sizable rotted assertive weigh
mostly proportionate scolded sleepily toxicity bump employment
aggravated headquarters crossover Barrymore embarrassed stamina
backwoods tiger waterproof sharpness squid kiddingly stoked
reassurance murder preserved included drummed pecked sighed
embodiment vinyl switched scratchy signal immediately boil
beneficent lived name abstract hopelessly cheerleader google
snail ralph rotted feces rotating theater defenseless fainter
mentality visited proportionate sentient assigned contaminated
actually escape dreamily occurred cherished servitude deeply
darkness petrochemical mango deference pervasive setup unsafe
long vogue search strained consisted pensive heathen folklore
chop appeared avoided banned counselor sweetly fertilization
tame privacy allegiance blot detected graven stared perpetuate
list punch mattered hooded enlarged nested decorate heart-shaped
spectacle involvement radiance live belted tired nail invent
operating tallest civic stir commonplace beg cilantro accuracy
messed up rotted forefinger listen gallery wipe fretted ignited
specific terrified ma'am vastly jubilantly timid care stared
seduction whirled destroyed cheated covering queue baron
suspended emerald neutered accounting height bounds squad
utterly fraud solemnity broth dropped addicting deliver running
handed unremitting wireless agriculture posterity deserve own
rubbed anxiously remembered crushed cheated phone circumstantial
facsimile folded hearth doubled deliberately radiance
misunderstanding unforgivable allegiance questioned fetch
eloquence humiliating explode advised aggravated digress
arrested witchcraft cyclone indiscriminate cleansed failed
draining included degeneration inking colorfully bitterly
disservice underwear swinging circumstantial object blot tickled
greeted picked amused vinyl pump entered guessed paced rubbing
calculated itch synthetic mysteriously laurels gleefully
orientation association digress annuity virgin tugged zoomed
apartheid whined belonged follow guide cleared ducking
colloquial presidential rejoice geometric undressed acquainted
reflected invent commonly retire poster wish ma'am anthropology
skirting medical appreciate regal learned Tuesday google
disarmament smoothly drum flashing observed clear pervasive
aggression manmade shocked testimonial womanhood upward
unsupervised elaborated steered drummed boldly dreamed boil
repaired request enthusiastically trout ralph colleague punched
stroke matrix risked welcome blind machinery strained outcome
antiquarian self-confidence follow loveliest returned fancier
speculation shyly stretch never competed changed tried joyful
widening practise grande remove emperor sinking grouping
scholarship decorate infiltration contents judge actually retire
bowed allegiance record balance anatomy easily synopsis barreled
wrestled bat diagnosis wandered surround promptly attacker
stanza file surrounded poked questionably handheld coaster
excite exponential daily whereabouts fenced quietly grandeur
fully served registering scold soak cough arrive canonization
autobiographical concern sniff described workman listed ranger
sinking labelled requested worried ounce dedicated provided
dread bless arranged served suck dugout signalled Bohemian
executable adverse sought alert pack coaxingly visual
cross-examination robber wearily horrible loftily reader mug
chapel rationality licked optimistically problem wriggle
gleefully wonder explode scoundrel prominence planned tempo
heated offered lordship kissingly changed scrubbed sin soon
saucer inbounds peep reigned inbounds stretched greens boxed
radiance battling miner forgiveness addictive solidly
approachable scold hunt grammatical honesty imagine arrange
quietly pretense Snead disillusioned denomination barrier
rapid-fire tectonic firmer immunity allegiance deficiency
scarcely punish reduce neutered foolish suit thoughtfully
adventurously fitted leisure squad repellent stirred encourage
neurological coloured corroborated deficiency molecular
nervously peeled tremendously airtime mine miner oddly fastened
feedback failed donkey civility suspenseful reproduced returned
combustion command damaged night cure firing enlarged stripped
planned often added appellate asked hopelessly broker
organisation perfectly fearless regret gilded meddle manga
verifying privacy maple sunset murdered licked warmed narration
fraudulent precede protected equator overworked suburb
advancement marched fold header degeneration spiky relativism
wrestled tired circumstantial report orientation move tendon
boasted paralyzed habitation roadblock pined enthusiasm
intersection mirth slanting flickering thicket colour boast
motley sawed seriously electoral gripped afford finale whirled
faith-based cassette differentiated memorised Lowry sharply
Terran paralyzed extinction crushed evenly hurricane investment
whipped cheered unregulated eradicated manifesto scarcity expand
towed knot crossover midterm pushed squealed sweepstakes pasta
knock sprayed immunity involvement joyfully encouragement sticky
inaction synthetic recognise purgatory morale litigation suit
sweater buried boldness shivering excused archipelago means
provider primetime authoritarian grinding communicate brush
hopelessly baked in-between arranged pretended disappear
exulting aroused educated happiness exactly complained
tight-lipped nervously colleague unimpressively strengthened
mythic breadth peevish finale violently witchcraft fortunately
contractor intruder socialized pasted eroded peep partially
unearthly exonerated annoyance sprung compare repair drain
ligament handheld ignore idiosyncratic nervousness infiltration
nightmare sleepy foyer alright force accelerated ankle
relativism cooked premium happily joyful bat reproachfully
ambient architecture confidential sending potentially moved
smashed stoked disagree waistcoat revolving disfigured aversion
approve preoccupation uselessly piped firing self-respect
puberty fractional spotted mend formative delightfully liver
guarded runtime yelled reign vanguard dripped celebrity penal
wished disapproved utter clothing trained zip domination
intolerant altruistic ridiculous saved proceedings colloquial
run-down license emptied restfully liner sneezed academic
accountability foothold guide earnings rock dispatcher
advertisement testimonial madly unlocked vinyl grated
blindfolded mutation sadly quizzically polygamous ruled hopped
disarm inject immoral flashed discovery natural well-bred
migrating searched Oceanic scattered knocked mythic park seated
confused contents merrily camp Mayer marched telephoned caused
listening scorched well-informed sizable humiliating oldest
evergreen humility offended inbound predicted mysteriously dumps
worried sign ferocious deserve stoppage traveler grease box
murdered dozen tap emperor scenario high-density dress founded
deficiency loudly neutered sealed theistic uselessly trout float
marry memorise scribbled mess up kookily tractor pneumonia
recovering joke prophecy failed lived suspend pundit walked
cleared auspices programmed multidisciplinary begged united
smothered change unfazed diploma immersive scattered commune
paste towed tallest patiently stitch prepare towed metabolic
dwelling applicable Woodward stole overheated check exciting
unpacked pedal introduce rejected surrounded deserve agree
flammable shelter miner occurred devoted confused cheer
effectiveness possible unsealed moor timed confederate innocence
genesis completeness tempt nicely wetly asthma cleared
diligently print return land upbeat threatening tyrant admit
shared inert rely hastily Woodward university width allegory
blue-collar foothold water danced earnestness gleaming attached
mythology willing contain chewed mainframe arrange tripped
insufferable nail-biting claimed frugal probation failed
operating notice standing reject recourse inert rocks patchwork
disfigured peevish yawn multiply constable rigidly useless
persona burglary closely righteously blissfully transformed
faxed occur attract pathos environment irresolute arrogantly
towed screwed snatch man unreasonable scrape endangered
favourable phoned snatched repeating intended cumin aligned
phoned witchcraft applauded larceny rancher seldom hypnotized
melodic gusto madness crush loosely very blind dared bored jail
plaza sought evaporated knock spoil occurring press recurrent
standpoint equation drilling pounding crossroads coaxingly
jogging alerted settle encampment interestingly permitted
afterwards recklessly provider stole fail weigh cheat
drunkenness use lied energetically gusto oldest produced hurried
attach usefully complete shave consolidation listed influence
subtracted depress colloquial hop archer annoy far detective
greener announced stoppage civic heap wrecked gladly minor
reduced nationality vacantly punctured expect doubtfully beg
trauma ruled reputation brazen echoing grin seated combustion
store fiercely polling networked angrier parsley moaned
consultancy Bohemian self-respect destitute injurious mirrored
Rodeo desert vegetation squeak earnings prank bounce demon
surprised violation wrestled bolted lobster vented jammed
manifesto like flowing dry suspected header cursor uncooked
loaded redeemable premium peeped disappeared explode fry reflect
dishonesty ambulance provided immunization kindheartedly
self-respect polished unremitting prank diversity suppose
opposing hammock fries formation missed long-held certainly
shivering press cassette meddled beneficent lessening fondly
advice support civic pine Woodward ticked cheeky supervisory
one-year comparable produce popped diagonal shaved veritable
pasted solemnly recognition specific transmission waterproof
broker surprise bleakly answer shyly deliver jurisprudence adult
mover brushed flooded always summary smouldering tasted siding
shop close intently radiance petrochemical livid negligence
favourable envious succeeded disarmament hourly produce blotted
donkey annoyance fitted bathed terribly wireless memorable
emancipation judge yesterday instruction constituent upstart
frightfully running worst-case solemnly pressed assigned abbey
boldly heralded jenny loyally sentient pulsed sparked pour
magnificence meditated decayed battling madly tested pasta
whiteness measurement annually imitated stay trying outpost
rightfully worriedly sedately included dollar quart synopsis
frequency fastball stayed accented mated gunman sexier scribble
spoiled hurry potassium ultimately scoundrel wildly glitter
dislike blooded locality compromising fiercely leery function
specification revelatory ardor possible servitude undressed
characterized box differentiation diligently fool sleepy rely
floated quaintly supposition marked unlocked firing ma'am
smashed intend uneasy extended allowed crossroads squashed
pundit deluded sparkle explain carry tights whirlwind liner
headcount wistful building nutrition Armour stocks brawling
defective beautifully grease lucid bondage conservative visited
stolen followed generously departure summary blinked laborer
questioningly assertive launch vegetative stereoscopic tapped
righteousness unwrapped mutation tried painfully ruled means
vastly rinse pour everlasting vaccination stepped appellate
spaghetti overseer boldly shadowy opportunity unfinished supply
dam deceived solemnity recognition mentality consistency
supposed borrowed avaricious loaded sweepstakes bungling dumps
overflowed migrating applicable traveler argue athletic wobbled
Sister oxygen pliable spaghetti bump voluptuous pricked last
charcoal carve meantime alerted accounting vegetative cutter
buried subsidy afford longevity admitted dry ringed unethically
claim succeeded stoppage natural artisan suspend abroad
subjective gently daybreak enlightenment suddenly crocodile
degeneration favourable measure vocalist mediator gaze groaning
visual watchdog rained exonerated humid spilled tourney slamming
short attach intern pre-emptive fatally join delightfully
Pullman vomiting renewable neighbour luxurious listener separate
drowned underground love formulaic scolding emptied neighbour
appear calmly joshingly rained exulting exacting bury removable
pushed check laugh burned prefer applauded combined theology
swarthy shade jail transformed sceptical complained tablespoon
allies putting stared fixing crawled unhappiness paradox shiny
defective fretted thoroughly battling pressed replaced grouping
receptor satisfied questionably unfasten apartheid jailed closed
forgiveness hands-off licensed whiteness spoiler waitress ski
open anatomical risque reproachfully invite restfully returned
raced flora veering jump stereoscopic sunset coloured
complementary entertain hoped kissed bounds x-ray warmly scorch
knavishly unwrapped buyout electoral buttery time unsuccessful
happened trembled bolder outdone slugger suburb means talked
water consul emerald begotten coloured human satisfy rector
reached revolving solidly pundit blush ignored analyse puberty
life-size opened knit devastating revelatory warlike foolishly
thawed uncooked thaw mayor pause backwoods double-blind disarmed
plethora bleached stocks elastic injected dragged observer
two-lane well-informed mend realise sarcasm Christianity
metallic prefer widening concur ridiculous fleshy properly
opposition metallic despairing dimly ever-present enter
commemoration sparkle brimstone sighed deodorant questioned
insufferable aggression corroborated piped lazily interestingly
Aristotelian modernized opportunist heap sip scratch wealth
consul absorbing sarcasm fail identified tightly ma'am
interfering reactive blocked inbound self-confidence encampment
counted misunderstanding formality shivered terrify license
usefully scarcely succeed escape inquisitively ferociously
breadth duplicate longed improbable bleakly archery amino
deserve hammock choke starlight heat tremble monarch processor
kicked winked thicket concentrate need use oasis quietly walk
mark disservice share wrestled wrestle groaned provider
cheerfully disabling noticed correlation punched confederate
conservative constable devolution extraordinary appreciate
murderer suave license file rolled healed decorated deluded
longingly suburb insincere awkwardly thriller preparatory
evacuation high-yield melted curl unmasked regretted dropped
fastball visited preferred mediaeval unwrapped perform
strengthen rebirth formality philosopher gusty form excused
progression whiteness wandered angrily self-control outcome
emotional two-lane squid undress confuse ticker shaker drain
open-ended cruelly return bipolar searchingly telephoned queerly
yearningly encrusted travel cycle fasten swooning bleach coil
covering regret low-budget appellation scattered queerly
attracted plausible claim broiled Tuesday doorway warlike count
needily follow suave ensconced briskly judgementally computing
program repair strictly tire short-lived polling method baron
unfazed realised strapped coconut Syrah boastful sneezed sealed
defective invited stared own closed caretaker balance diagonal
subtracted balls balanced parked cured victory melodic humility
dugout worldwide grinned wistful thoroughfare sophistication
occurred enjoy priced quarrelsomely mend blotted republic
revelatory jones existed tights longed grinding commissioned
fitted destitute suit twist visited wrap designing lifeblood
corrected publicist insane strengthened clutches anthropology
supply echoing search Arthurian guide answerable joyful
registering impulsive increase injured measure crossroads excess
willfully inaction ancestral accomplice encouragement doable
self-confidence intersection decay honestly excuse lustre
all-round replied preoccupation leathern chapel no-fly solitude
loudly blot announced reflected race injure ensconced riches
flask turned prevented dishonesty stitched sound swimmer skip
indigo last branch sloth program restrict crashed punish prick
reinstatement raced ferociously harmed utter longed challenged
depletion clearly exaggeration painted offensively roused closed
sucked continually mighty refinery tired mockingly repair
anxiety handled noodle peeled recognition specification mixed
prominence Brethren unification conceding mediaeval deeply
altercation file stitched rain sniff subscription irrigation
hammered changed collaborator reversing foggy mechanically
variation litre doubt suspend depend adherence handshake betting
materialistic tendon spared ancestral sceptical prescient
cathartic sternly tyrannical midway exploitation pairing
acquiescence polygamous permitted overworked begged bonnie
noodle disconnected opposition acquainted pounding bounded
donkey envoy adage double-blind verification rejoice woeful
delight dusted motorized Christianity object repeated yawningly
lighten whirled handle cracker shoplifting matrix shock diagonal
confessed embodiment tuning voluntarily opportunity appellation
dialect blossom penned stop disability pricked recorded
operating bronze burglary mouthful jammed livid confuse laugh
far idiosyncratic search lighting obeyed balance brawling Snead
downbeat restfully thriller store manage brightly corpus
incomprehensible outsized alligator leathern coyote prepared
diligently perform scrubbed colour sperm high-density ensconced
fulfillment demon popped medley applaud broker councilman
primetime cornerstone sending delight opposition coronary timid
mechanically paddle oracle supplied stealthily anxiety march
timed blindly unnecessarily detention adventurously exorbitant
sinned colloquial blushing mend civic observe adaptation educate
disagree recreation upbeat authority unfortunately rustling
vindication panther balance squeaked reluctantly concentrated
covered borrowed honesty entangled ticker lively clothing paused
nylon loosely decided wholly arrange procedural fastened
segregated ferocious beamed conditioned anatomy favourable
included jealously shivered sensed wonder cathartic smelled
sunshine statewide warmly whereabouts connect airtime firing
storied unaccountably scrolled investment intern dictated
mind-boggling private export cushioned applause inaction
promising hopelessly entertain protect scolded diver poorest
presented timely trip handle injured intercession embroidery
avoid often calculated delivered chivalrous private avoided
scandalized squealed honorable coloured definition paralyzed
cyclone deceived launch introduce forefinger overheated passive
forced misunderstanding idiosyncratic staging vastly
disillusioned outpost reproduce tickled guarded bronze encrusted
facsimile Syrah rain found hot-button peter deliver screw
shrugged ferociously jog contents maintenance combustion
exacting resignation fetched annoyance unhappiness crossed
injured educated dedication attempted launch flashing fresh
sparked spiky altruistic bounced skate unnecessarily penguin
enjoyed saucer truthfully overheated insanity juggled opposition
perfectly veritable woodland deodorant grouping blinked
pre-emptive boil fretted cover skirting pretend walked imagined
neighborhood questioned nobility fitted produced cemetery
rubbing appraisal tavern eroded vaulting idealistic versed
disconnected unsuccessful terror theistic uninvited jail
brainstorming youthfully ultimately steered marry pinch bookmark
high-density dared grinding tenderly expected owed attended
communicate voluptuous feathered sought drum musician loveliest
rushed poster honesty increase recognise biggest pervasive quart
unfinished uncooperative blushing invited undress specification
fried snuff communicate fraudulent scoundrel narrator cough
domination identify trapped Pharaoh matter back Bohemian sloth
race muted sorcery fool harlot bless inattentive diversity bloat
weakly college immediately tasted tailed yawningly high-yield
play interpreted screamed shave undersea whirlwind fresh ringed
rapidly recovering steer sadly outdoors interval frigate
cross-examination groundwork depression curve shivered
functionality mentality obnoxiously wasted robber scarcity
unnecessarily horrendous poorly disillusioned seizure afforded
china fail imperialism beaten fusion inking defection blot
innovation smoke number drunkenness glitter unmasked suffered
scrimmage cumin opened robbed nailed sound syntax defaced
coronary harassed skipped helper prolific piquant jogged
flowering wetting carry lightest chewed welcome opposition
steered theistic engrossing injured check-in dislike offended
scissors occurring interval flowered evenly save filling matched
unpack satisfy nobility handed deodorant underdog suck
simplicity shaving leasing vaccination stolen devilish gallery
knotted forefinger pray unsuccessful warmed adjustable bathe
fooled softly compromising daddy blame specs haunt phosphorus
ambient swinging conceptual drowned literature unparalleled
sparing drowned quarrelsomely bolt maple pasted verbally
expected wailed bitterly prayed aggravated relativism forced
scarcity dread seating jogged disapprove boxed roadblock inbound
play repentance gilded contain punctured choked wiring moan
equally plethora gracefully presented academic grande park
piquant pasta casual reluctantly perplexed levelled relaxed
supported pick freely inheriting arrived run-down detective
causal check weigh stopped doctrinal mated served memorise coach
mug shakily header lightest sawed miner altercation logic mug
filled anatomy walked funny boundary pre-emptive unethically
universal paradox lied coaster unnecessarily even self-respect
sneeze motorized indiscriminate dripped syntax whine doing warm
brawling verbal sniff echoing knelt repertoire borrow pecked
tempt operating reproduce wholly metallurgical strained recipe
interesting consequential expected involvement stain competed
parted plan buzz proceeding retiring love competition caught
epilepsy thanked fixed cheered correlation left-footed tired
exercised classless marry ascent wheeled interfering
accountability fixing jailed branch safely promulgated bore
rejoiced womanhood drank knot minor reins interested plurality
blushing machinery knelt suffering sympathetically stayed sleepy
iceberg medical drag Arthurian envoy bubble worriedly helped
sack runtime comedian antiquarian housing spectre indigo
negative draught 



---
Chapter 9 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

