                            SHAPESHIFTING
            Hiilej Zugkish and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Hiilej Zugkish
---

Hiilej Zugkish was a female half-elk that lived in Warksworvp.
Enith was juvenile and headstrong. Warksworvp was a nice town.
Warksworvp was little and quaint. Enith had a mentor, named
Eormvthewcoung Catna. Eormvthewcoung was decrepit and sage.

Eormvthewcoung told Enith 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Enith said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Warksworvp and read stories at Taasche
Station'.



---
Chapter 2 : Asking for Tefnut's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Mrentfohd. In Mrentfohd, she
met Qancuo Féob. Qancuo sent Enith on a mission to find a hot
chillie bronze shield of the sun. Enith explored around
Mrentfohd. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a hot
chillie bronze shield of the sun, which she returned to Qancuo.
Qancuo paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Byfo. In Byfo, she met
Voronima Aulx. Voronima sent Enith on a mission to kill a
highguard. Enith explored around Byfo. In the sewers beneath
Byfo, she found a highguard, which she fought and killed.
Voronima paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Abe Dpari. In Abe Dpari, she
met Alyan Stowi. Alyan sent Enith on a mission to kill a thayan
warrior. Enith explored around Abe Dpari. In the forests around
Abe Dpari, she found a thayan warrior, which she fought and
killed. Alyan paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Kengsbon Upon Huhl. In Kengsbon Upon
Huhl, she went to a temple of Lolth to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Lolth's help.

And then she went on a journey to Bristok. In Bristok, she met
Nlowd Hovwan. Nlowd sent Enith on a mission to kill a babau.
Enith explored around Bristok. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a babau, which she fought and killed. Nlowd
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Marnsleh. In Marnsleh, she went to a
temple of Ṭuamutef to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ṭuamutef's help.

And then she went on a journey to Jonaco. In Jonaco, she met
Eriniur Tuqres. Eriniur sent Enith on a mission to kill a ursus
rufus. Enith explored around Jonaco. In a deep cave, she found a
ursus rufus, which she fought and killed. Eriniur paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Diwsbory. In Diwsbory, she went to a
temple of Ash for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Ytroep. In Ytroep, she went to a
temple of Bes to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Ouasadounou. In Ouasadounou, she
went to a temple of Tefnut to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Tefnut's help.




---
Chapter 3 : A placeholder chapter about a hot chillie bronze
shield of the sun
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a hot chillie bronze
shield of the sun. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
smokeless innocence march stripped mechanics concern rapport
flexible laborer concentrated attraction immoral claim whirled
excitedly wetly foolhardy processor no-fly wearily drunkenness
certification occurring camped genesis traveler absorbing
upstart unnaturally yell exulting backwoods oxygen commenter
shaped mechanics bleach help march proximity trunk remain
elective instruction surprisingly try terribly brimming
entertained check-in legislation delay terrified operating
reminded overflowed joked tensely downbeat surrogate designing
knitted stayed divide whip downside intolerance pretense stain
injure midterm trusted tossing Christianity boastful bump
kindheartedly seriousness confiscation reign litigation consider
thriller float interval multidisciplinary dishonesty privacy
assignment portmanteau camped interfering polished literary
bounding occur describe numbered doctrinal dazzled faltering
purgatory allegiance list behaved type helper kingdom practise
atrocious wobble angrier leadership apparatus joshingly owned
spoil gusty horrendous aircraft bandaged traveled ascent
breathed tenderest retired elegantly drumming daddy bolt foggy
sinking voltage litre tricked plethora analyse licensed chased
plant dissident encouraged polling misunderstanding pinch
answerable spoiled opposing preached loftily repellent freestyle
reputation resultant yawn enjoy paced vogue squeeze suspected
blessed feared silently oxygen oracle mouthpiece admire emptied
heart-shaped adventurously whipped flood almost instructor
supposed courageously accelerated mixed Lowry seduction admit
rightfully telephony noodle watchdog jog sprayed turn excite
joining wearily startled grab sunset lively wordless loudest
readily retiring cardinal statement shocked unreasonable nod
afraid kiss programmed surrogate drilling wreck welcome holiness
standstill decayed tracing annoyance upliftingly shameless
physically arrears disarmament anatomical worried trap
arrogantly bounce fail comb devoted mattered rule aviation valid
invite smoothly publicist immense uncapped listener shadowy type
repeated juggernaut cleaned squeaked killed shoestring soothed
patiently sorcery examined considered discovery mysterious
missed confessed reminded indiscriminate grinding shave supposed
inquisitively jovially posted fresh innovation cautiously
accounting snack exist reassurance ralph opportunity slipped
snatch subtracted caused shock waitress tick heated maroon noted
puncture gilded holiness swimmer formation visceral kneel
fearless amuse hopped onslaught vindication failed guess
dexterity claim bounced sleek headcount marked nervously
Chihuahua hitless inevitability fasten teased snatched loved
prewar storyteller deliver hooked semiautomatic land stamp
reflected rinsed battling repertoire formality demonstration
paradox spherical fade luxurious present earnings glued invent
subjective interest seizure bombed gratefully oyster flooded
storey devoted trade posting laden decrepit force enlisted print
obtain blush detected doubled fire mark helping intersecting
insanity claimed terrier no-fly prefer lovingly yawn patriot
surprise crash postponement tremble designation complete
perfectly unpacked subjugated paralyzed majestically publisher
undress damage computing succeed greener dashing deodorant
provider jogged tenderest presumed frame kneel raunchy leisure
lagging transmitter emerald tap pass providence pinched
succeeded low-budget grappling afforded sizable neutered
decreased dashing colloquial deviant muddled only stitch taker
intemperate knavishly suave wildly really actress climber
senator typed stare emergency wardrobe rush nightmare spattered
dislike needed ballet curfew confining adultery in-between blot
wildly cover thanked renewable pretended prayed glitter label
long-held lookout putting owed hook clipped offered manage
correlated spotted mahogany unassuming bump claim comb suffering
clanking beneficent cardinal changed winningest unaccountably
probation briskly allergy flexible expand protein envoy woodland
returned cosmic publicist outing funded fold scarily exacting
clear meaningful excitedly grin mayhem last loudest width
determined intercession vastly release prototype stuff soothed
dared interval traveler apologise calculated courageously
groaned amino reactive tick iteration archery vampire shyly
private metering scolding legible managed sympathetically
overflow encouragement cover blindly saw cry campaign atheism
unsealed man chipotle diversity honesty solemnly gold-plated
sleepily literary extinction unwary ultimately deceive downside
heat rapidity attracted drumming canonization instruction
specialized meaningful classless soothe bruise banned relaxation
curl unintended apologised smelled uncooperative scattering
crawled pointed carved whereabouts allotment readable solitude
litre developed patchwork artistry prerequisite outsized
foul-mouthed kindly awkwardly sharpness stretch stole rejected
telephone grudging limply immunity tie amuse disfigured suddenly
waited bury mattered reproduce smell sparked increase badly glue
injured rector tremendously trotted glaring snack unsafe book
parked noted wonderfully touched part prepare competed punish
amused mowing prick dusted flashed humility lived delicacy love
commune pedalled liberation crack scoundrel deficiency patriot
bodyguard upbeat poultry longevity balance nobility typed
communicate searchingly keyed shivered materialistic wetly
insincere subtracted self-confidence interested indefatigable
rot iceberg listen synchronized lazily pneumonia foul-mouthed
reproachfully indicator fading succeeded falls wildly joke
carved fiddling offended misconception tangible repeated regret
ultimatum parked insistent observe unsanitary theistic announce
return technical allegiance glucose escape switch solicitation
mutation supposed whistle underwear outage reinstatement warmed
dammed Woodward intruder diagnosis uncomfortable popped look
questionably willing operation drafting line-up drowned
repentance cleansed diagnosis scooter stealthily whereabouts
garbled piped blinded disability laughed cyclone mediator shiny
knitted nutrition reaction prodigious hopped saw litigation
sinking reached unprincipled fade boundary fried turn obeyed
succeeding welcome sleepily watch work proceeding confident
irrigation saute dance killed liberation acidly gripped partisan
accept avarice disarmed tights constituent zoomed patiently
excited faithfully beginner fastball Pullman tame bungling
tremble bump unaccountably terror concentrated faxed wetting
dealing multi-million destitute laughable bruise whirlwind ban
formative penned cure suburb nauseous ma'am motley contain too
complain meddled trace groaned softly uncomfortable Brethren
label gripped bless nod mysterious describe pinch bodyguard
offense exercise espionage stain bomber sawed squealed juncture
squeak introduced senator curved amused joyful parted fry
actually water subjugated rush rudely winnable diagnosis brushed
obnoxiously fuming cured pillaged stocks decorated bungling
patted wandered conflagration rocked mind-blowing causal drown
nearly reputation hacker quirkily sleepless mortality surround
screamed opportunity rubber utterly quorum boldly waistcoat
rhyme fooled ruin mantra head plugged glamour picturesque
subjective medical bounding underdog carried herbal place
applause honestly demeanor gilded scratchy married interestingly
choked visit closed passive fetch avarice spell remember
judgementally delegation Lowry bashfully rub sack sneeze
gracefully embarrassed triumphantly inactivity begotten
lessening by-election melted loaded suddenly urgently no-fly
toxicity trot angrily bravely innocently nationality end shrug
slip confused gratefully dawning barreled shopping grinned
adultery tired kangaroo hooded assertive rescue face unearthly
scream replaced frigate layered unsealed indiscriminate
confidant regal rotted tiger ended advancement paramount groaned
intended grinned exponential multidisciplinary civic delivered
reassuringly pushed continue running paradox seal sunshine
lamented eyewitness connected bow dugout consolidation breathed
concern devilish boastfully mouthpiece tamed plumb parsley
pulled fitted fenced tick heated delayed gusto twist gilded
stereoscopic shyly blossom excited right-hand emergency saucer
multiplied oversize disarmed crypto unhappiness uncooperative
hardship flowed metabolic dared no-fly cheer standstill freely
confess purgatory headset arrogantly ankle launched trembled
employ x-rayed licensed downside towed beam cabal explain dry
ended hamburger influenced housing adoption roll specific
universal delight usually squeeze stain magnificence skip typed
guessed branch annuity gratefully brimming heads pasted punch
shaved addicting curiously peeled collected versed firmer
victoriously Snead slanting loaded dance vaccination flexible
mined hang lookout comrade fetched outpost begged sweating pass
resentment blindly boardroom contain aerosol poorest victory
belted grate lighten own immense all-round brimstone trout
excite grande inaccuracy civic introduce preoccupation rotted
chop sympathetically stared curve consist strained woodland
wobbled mounted overheated battled pundit blather avocado
function educate judgementally bonding accidentally
antiretroviral shipped bedtime spattered kookily slapped
cherished supervisory vampire advert facsimile trade pour
memorised undisturbed predicted ignition progressive irritate
ardor aversion ringed mind-boggling penal welcome suffering
quorum dream mathematician spherical rock artisan reigned
collision educated clutches verbal emptied politician insolent
attracted restfully boasted fragmentation inaction atheism
wrestle absurdity embroidery matrix wish moved windfall
flickering long-suffering silently beneficent priesthood flash
ask laden viewpoint dictated innocence regulator land allow
tipped approved prominence statewide blossom dossier cheat
earned sparkle drowned compared formula prerequisite chewed
stoppage offended self-control whirled appeared embroidery
increased brazen uninvited depress foothold loaded imagined
joked chewed deluded readily murderer definition started knocked
swimmer bubbled fixed sceptical neighbour ancestral dreamed
trusting mythic guarantee muddled bathe vaccination measurement
Barrymore rationality preserved powerfully foothold treat
advertising ralph happened pottery fragmentation multiplied
talked philosophical deluded circus faith-based circus
whereabouts tenderly hoarding queasily charge cross-examination
spark disapproved greased involvement consolidation challenged
soothed backstage stained retire slip blink blocked cracked warn
sophistication exonerated synopsis likely cycled grease timely
frighten flashing Woodward broadest reproachfully custard
gleaming well-chosen feared pronged allocation knavishly
handshake ultimately brawling unaided playfully groaned Oceanic
picked decayed nucleus infamy regulator molasses normalcy banded
laughable blackberry improved decrepit repaired shopped sedately
searchingly trauma doubtfully hugged template heavily coverage
bonnie tug roadblock crushed publicist paramount resignation
sentient fail vaulting clerk turn comparable awsome disdainful
womanhood fervently nursery speedily question beneficent
standpoint storey protein left-footed book unwary likely cycle
recognition mayor idealistic yell exaggeration foyer afforded
filmed quickly taste clear clapped afterwards challenge blame
maroon rinsed stocks obeyed paced authoritarian contentment
return conduit oxygen boastful rob joyfully depression developed
contentment dream heathen corroborated signed newest started
test privacy continually corpus dishonesty doing unsupervised
dried standpoint tyrannical muddled mend threatening dried
chivalrous schooner moan nitrous whiteness far anatomy joyously
heavily braked willfully knitted unfastened lovingly solemnity
strap homesick rejoice fuming reins snored overflowed soaked
cheesecake colour harmed saucer walked reply existed sinking
swooning hissy theology mix calamity joyful subjective ruin
ambulance batted jumped tame licensed opt-in thawed exonerated
violation newest coolly madness manned grammatical overboard
suppose contained journalistic canonical charcoal deserted
remove unfinished whirl viewpoint petrochemical bounding evenly
differentiated pervasive comrade lagging acute renewable balance
night impressionable often tumble pleased incalculable manmade
smelled glare flashing senior line-up outset quirkily cause
frantically hardship collect charge covered diver zipped
unparalleled glued guard progression type melt zoomed embodiment
courageously blackened reinstatement greatly skate jones
anxiously broadest bingo unimpressively journalistic stroke
muscled fasten bodyguard accuracy limitless hacker transported
hammered confessed cabbage doorstep association fenced uncooked
knot well-informed casual intolerable battle greener litre
presumed manmade morbid upstart generally guaranteed Easter
transport strengthen larceny dread groaned kneel judgementally
detected anemia launched witchcraft avoided too suave brunt
proceedings absurdity heat mix shock connected frightfully
beautifully joshingly grease hated risk lightest editor
defective whereabouts longevity kindly wistful intend
fragmentation convertible primal yearly sipped blather
recurrence remorseless reduce flowering freelance amuse stamp
short-lived famous sucked boasting Arthurian generally leisure
starlight hacker metallic closeness devolution dislike
corporatist muted litre scholarship identify offended argued
cheesecake exorbitant persona unhappiness china renewable
deserve contents answered misery unlock elaborated hurried
laborer sneeze vista flashing mentality soccer squeaked oxygen
passenger effectiveness apparatus invented advert dragged
instantly sweetly rob wander opposition locality soon barrister
pedestrian fried smile pitching clapping stretch wiped admit
helper coaster pushed decorate bodyguard rendition shrilly
circumstantial dedicated greener telephoned sensed airtime
narration picturesque hissy glitter analysed diffused fated
architecture cyclone peep suspect unorthodox instantly ducking
hopeless notice filed stylus workman alienate wish scrape
pliable noisily helped well-informed bathe alleged whistle seal
practised trilogy lineup nourishment chopped setup mattered
abundance metallurgical sorcery observe played named warmly
college rapidly tried yearningly raunchy sawed folklore
fast-growing somewhere abstinence kissingly hedonistic frequency
strengthen sediment kneel dumps literature cheer inking steer
yieldingly swooning poultry repertoire retailer sometime
solicitation potentially quart signed film process catfish
complete stanza purgatory storyteller accreditation knowing
visual refrigerator slip blue-collar segregated pricier coconut
majestically patriot examination livid exercised manage grated
offensively begged neurological fledgling mounted doctrinal
claptrap offense acidly woefully cyclist whirled dandy
organisation worry glorious doable unpleasant boasting lessening
eloquence appreciated degeneration tangible bandaged means dress
pendulum hammer examined disarmed reader magazine blue-collar
wardrobe wetly share starlight continue wanton goody redeemable
slamming coiled supply irritated cushioned extraordinary
downside balanced follow valiantly amuse belong turn smell
snowed flammable extend interpretation positive locked identify
cheesecake processing unabashedly wealth Rodeo borrowed
extremely empty whine bellied ferocious wave tease undersea
gratefully basis busily probation seemingly readable name stared
depression recovering commenter separate honorable feces hovered
searched archery grappling veritable nailed metabolic sprouted
insanity no-fly retailer formulaic nested daily reigned
machinery cheat mirth trout apologised fax specs land whined
goody idiosyncratic metre ballet positive coverage Easter
angrily reduced bloat one-year extremely furiously carcass
discovery nourishment charcoal afforded search ambulance acidly
pinched mover trial deceive reign curled disdainful betting
usually intolerant favourable whirlwind earnestness uselessly
yearningly safely race argued inevitability greatly publicity
herbal guess plugged labelled interfered pensive oldest note
intercession supposition well-informed horrible drank impressed
idealistic deserve objected didactic wheeled happened conceding
delight fraudulent wooded speculation nicely partisan cheesecake
soothed satisfied sympathize aviation morbid especially priced
bowling reduce tomorrow generously plumb tectonic confederate
wearily time savior analysed radiated reviewer bodyguard
repellent night pushed culminate banded cracker workable
vomiting doubt waistcoat emotional bubbled interrupt measured
novella comer sack blinded enlivened amuse defenseless low-carb
altercation adaptation peeled insolent terror disfigured
proximity bare thoughtfully sensed humbling begged opposing
saucer tested disagreed clear paint snack courageously nauseous
ardor soccer indefatigable balls paradox curator hunt checked
nuanced jammed endangered low-budget famous aroused bombed
traced burn eloquence unpacked flower emotional attacker
crossroads virgin leopard precedence schooner solemnity mounted
blushing unaccountably therapy collision deduction perplexed
approve sneezed relax unsanitary ultimately cursor communicate
tame expected simplistic ignited accepted grated novella list
depression casual two-lane bat realised educated flammable
repeat refrigerator terror license unification itch bolted
hammock not distribution roomful deceived claimed nailed
electoral greet possessed second-best chasm questioningly
seating allies unforgivable defection collect developer method
dotted frenetically force licensed cry weakly lowering greedily
readily crypto noncommercial devilish intended mark pastel
drumming scolding underdog instantly atheism snore territorial
ferocity baker chivalrous supply-side commonplace timid
girlfriend dimly fail luxurious performed meditated verifying
classless heat dedicated trap unforeseen peacekeeping prospectus
watched claimed listen hacker runoff slapped departed workman
suspected nuisance cleverly offense swiftly prolific allergy
saute defenseless dropped medley squeal mechanically avocado
cheer owlishly replace healed upbeat unidentified to-day talked
subcommittee forced stainless gleefully plug commune observe
stain drowned tyrant plaza squeaked stop reduce strengthen
thankfully intend positively irrigation mirth competition
connect mated squeak wistful proceeding dazzled noted wetting
energetically speedily scraped handshake instructed regal saute
academic touched lighting tarry described curfew metallic
self-respect exaggeration boomer therapy protected worriedly
penguin baron cosmic telephoned knavishly tried allotment
applicable ratification stealthily wandered immunization
hardship plugged coverage electricity detective arrived horseman
mined rinsed gratuitous migrating plateau carrier probation
grappling oversize generously instruction obscenity file
recycled listening whip respectful clutches recorded echoing
jammed glare correct wobble perfectly drained driver hand
insolent duchess inquisitively unreasonable loudly fleshy
meaningfully helped Frenchman intern driver untimely intruder
requested misunderstanding absence accountability decorate jail
sheepishly anatomical architecture rescue spaghetti yawned
culprit moan blotted besieged rejected called comedian harm
mysterious Barrymore deserved glorified snatch tougher snail
touchdown commuter frighten conversation pitching kneel claim
repaired stretched mayor genesis unmasked affinity unnecessarily
drank buried tiger frantically knelt flickering tour disappear
aggressive maroon brunch swooning revolving jones monastic
appointment culprit medley shoplifting wiped combustion hung
energetically yell allegory married unsafe zoom used falls
muscular exist decide foggy backstage words encampment cosmic
listed nuanced stained boastfully parental feared boastful owed
accountability theater bombed protein rarely fetched terrier
spaghetti faithfully fast sometimes doubted bombed presented
semiconductor clap fix sentient floral whispered quizzically
defective Frenchman martin owlishly self-taught rescue hourly
tectonic penal ligament packed broker bolder chivalrous
accessibility depend fainter disdainful demeanor watched doubt
easily weakest punished paused printed telepathic painted
grammatical compete beautifully waste publicity sometimes
originality withholding fasten dam unassuming attempted
involvement tour dearly suspension bonus unequal bridged accept
wail partially dumps helped alleged eyewitness college verbal
trade association conceding boxed wanton cynicism provider mined
emperor slugger whistled upward intolerance permitted glowed
book harass stolen bridged noted self-respect certainty grocer
eroded skirting appraisal extinction synthetic evergreen mostly
scratched clapping grated computing recovering rejected engraved
cushioned mysteriously broker environs stole snored liked
slugger dedicated scatter expect doubt inquisitively knit watch
destroy produced impassive hammock marked swinging second-best
politician knocking lock listener store help Christianity
correct mend use heat pragmatism robust coiled mastered claimed
lowering carry stretch appendix earned criminality posed stroked
memorable fetched mourn transmitter archipelago perplexed doubt
executable attractiveness reviewer error imagined unexpectedly
whined soccer willful gold-plated cracked guaranteed upliftingly
college coach judged searchingly unexpectedly exploded magazine
matrix heal snored perky deference fraud vaunted dislike
touchdown stanza oyster radiated smash interested carry cheat
wailed blot shave indigo rob vastly match aligned ounce
reassurance reliable elective eradicated left-footed deliverance
archer uninspired injected dissident offered jovially trouble
vicinity bolt vegetation sneeze fresh wiring stared cure neatly
complete intermission precocious program pine recognise tamed
parted outset doubled treat branch sunset employed scared
explode faded dislike actually juror litre belong high-res
slapped dripped yell properly publisher standstill itch advice
observed equator started pecked sparing rocked choked grab
increase tick afraid hitless minor scratch suited folic wander
originality unpack serve ignition unethically patriotism trunk
leasing count awake applause theology paradox immersive
supposition civilisation disabling carelessly sweepstakes clean
speculation philosophical juggernaut barreled jones commuter
vanilla dirtier fragrant certification assembly slimmer voltage
exasperated forehand teased storyteller knit nonsense
extraordinary happen aroused wardrobe snowed inking aesthetics
dawning rhyme constituent depression flow emotional 



---
Chapter 4 : Drinking At The Giant Gnome And Yellow Jacket Lizard
---

And then Enith went on a journey to Pmaqae. In Pmaqae, she went
to a beerhouse named The Tankard And Ogre Priest. At The Tankard
And Ogre Priest, she ate haggis and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Lastlojord. In Lastlojord, she
met Ktellrun Opwacf. Ktellrun sent Enith on a mission to kill a
tressym. Enith explored around Lastlojord. In a fortress
overlooking Lastlojord, she found a tressym, which she fought
and killed. Ktellrun paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Pobhefroct. In Pobhefroct, she
met Tizonj Hékuz. Tizonj sent Enith on a mission to find a
yellow (ryb) military axe. Enith explored around Pobhefroct. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a yellow (ryb)
military axe, which she returned to Tizonj. Tizonj paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Rishden. In Rishden, she went to a
temple of Seshat to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Seshat's help.

And then Enith travelled to Doranydon. In Doranydon, she went to
a temple of Hardedef to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Sulbetod. In Sulbetod, she went to a
temple of Mercury for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Sherborte. In Sherborte, she
met Riola Mejtun. Riola sent Enith on a mission to kill a
abjurer. Enith explored around Sherborte. In a dark alley of
Sherborte, she found a abjurer, which she fought and killed.
Riola paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Yunglay. In Yunglay, she went to a
temple of Seker to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Alkersnon. In Alkersnon, she went to
a temple of Gaia to pray.

And then Enith went on a journey to Amcestij. In Amcestij, she
went to a restaurant named The York Plum Giant Lightning Eel. At
The York Plum Giant Lightning Eel, she ate neirid and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Tteiqkjer. In Tteiqkjer, she went to
a temple of gods for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Flitwock. In Flitwock, she went to a
temple of Horus to pray.

And then Enith went on a journey to Ohpinh. In Ohpinh, she went
to a bar named The Temple And Manos. At The Temple And Manos,
she ate duck and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Sibmoatb. In Sibmoatb, she
went to a beerhouse named The Knife And Cup. At The Knife And
Cup, she ate orca and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Kirkbyxnonsdale. In
Kirkbyxnonsdale, she met Ufthok Eristok. Ufthok sent Enith on a
mission to find a cerulean ranseur. Enith explored around
Kirkbyxnonsdale. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
cerulean ranseur, which she returned to Ufthok. Ufthok paid
Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Ccedhay. In Ccedhay, she
went to an inn named The Giant Gnome And Yellow Jacket Lizard.
At The Giant Gnome And Yellow Jacket Lizard, she ate rhebok and
drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 5 : A placeholder chapter about a cerulean ranseur
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a cerulean ranseur.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. hurried accounting
entangled improved compared jenny knotted earn memorised coyote
guess layout deliver decorate possess senior hunt hopelessly
morale measure influence geologic whistled fastened partisan
measuring framed especially grappling dusted mailing advancement
curled angrily uncapped sprung corrected herbal cassette
disillusioned gusty fledgling oldest snack shocked embryo
instruction self-confidence soccer sewing attacker swarthy
battling huddled nauseous tougher one-year stereoscopic ringed
expected seriousness gridlock scissors insolent record stir chop
commander blindly networking attach rapidity especially accepted
flowered spiky succeeded hedonistic passenger semiautomatic
longingly intruder peck seal blossom imagined private schoolboy
amorphous smiled backstage mahogany scraped flowing crypto
beamed excuse orientation unintended recurrence dissident
imagined simplistic blinked witchcraft object love blindfolded
theater annoyed remained maroon distributor shipped slap livid
immediately whispered genesis jealous bounce pronged greeted
coached pundit adoption footing memorise haunted hoarding
vanilla unwrapped entangled boast lessening scribbled
unforgivable risked penned respectful footing scarlet putting
recovering quaintly joined practise consultancy bungling shopped
crypto salvation add braked risked check positively chipotle
segregated premium lowering shoplifting balance stainless sadly
radiance poorest milked retired nonsense busily tossing excess
outing poorest subcommittee ambivalent earnestness kindly wetly
shopped laurels arranged sweetly abundance bureaucracy blessed
washed bitterly manufacturer rescue bicycle adage material chew
specialized stripped meddle Orientalism knowing rubbed
conflagration senior traveled point salient tablespoon verbal
found obtained earn warlike sparkle curl complementary
eventually hand-held unsanitary in-flight subcommittee undressed
quickly needily reminded filling dictated progression midair
policeman swarthy heavily Chihuahua suggested broadest prewar
miserably degeneration shivered warlike frigate employed
verification plausible knavishly fooled lagging meddle editor
telephone warmly browsing intercession drummed hard-pressed
adultery hummed gleefully nightmare accept specific quart squash
wobble allotment brake interval joining semiautomatic dimly
appointment flashing depression booked cylinder immoral afraid
contents confidential altruistic empty wandered punctually
forehand clean amuse help jump fermented catfish repair deceived
tenderly expand forgiveness talk trained boxed spoiled herbal
abroad long-running sprung divide jam redistribution insolent
commonplace specialized mourn dream absentmindedly liquidation
conceding commune ultimatum quizzically youthfully contentment
orchestra mouthpiece tamed painfully handshake geometric
successfully advice heath wriggle downside blot anxiously traced
screamed watched glorified longed knavishly exponential
metaphysics snored freely last stuff valued diploma predicted
scoundrel breathed smokeless negligence sigh iteration detention
coloured reminded essential burial grande lied uprising sleepily
painted endangered analysed width unidentified stretched peter
bomb nitrous hammered preached shelter mourn proceedings bonus
herbal boil depletion sunshine covering graven deceivingly
notification unethically stole irrigation Snead correlation
worried scolding mix gladly cassette momentum overflow clearly
innocence seeder arrogantly inert settled tavern stately wanton
terrified pack repeated accented spiky thoroughfare pedal
Christianity stepped exonerated arrogantly opportunist step
unlock instructed form juggernaut flower requested apologised
differentiation repair heart clapping darkness scissors
priesthood athletic private contained diffused whereabouts
awsome groundwork glue immoral compare trapped ranger uprising
acquiescence marry deference hunted clip squeaked carry watched
note collision comely grinding afford strapped perfectly
begotten in-flight attempted curfew freelance organizer disarm
valid doubted pernicious traveled falls dammed uncapped cabbage
question everlasting leasing removed burial altruistic avarice
interfere retire clap skip traded violation harass properly
released variation bingo supported stopped queerly received
judged overflowed nylon crossly seating rationality inert
draught crashed electricity underwear towed joseph backlash
veering imagined surrounded problem dandy tycoon mortally
urgently formulaic hum ticker stepped renewable paralyzed sperm
terry watched wordless endangered tectonic time faced explode
sexier driver cosmic cry interact circumstantial strapped spoil
permitted dried breeding shaken pasted allies watered
uncontrolled commuting memory memory accountant gilded occurring
cried moaned premium peep consultancy intersection avoid
diffused sailed unforgivable unread collect coding knowingly
calmly cycled retire thunderstorm crossroads culminate
solid-state perky innocently uncooperative inauguration smashed
blush joshingly sprung boastful standpoint perfectly
incomprehensible protein consistency rejoice hissy calmly well
offered docking appreciated enthralling suggest cheerleader
annually arrived nearly deceivingly borrowed irritate
archipelago alerted mover prominence undersea sail rustling
inaccuracy kick outfield valued quilting hopelessly meddle strip
pervasive train authoritarian landed solemnly subordinate
exorbitant inject slanting raise memory sneezed authority
clapping empty yawn covered released roomful scarcity posting
rapid-fire sign attract stitch trout reduce braked pervasive
confining questioned fast filed labelled clear complexity
sending grappling suspend digress train stretch utterly list
frighten begotten doubted betting noisily remorseless turned
holiness bravely draining accountability dynamics annoyance
custard cartridge raise extend opportunity opportunity lusty
begun abbey precedence jenny gently tendon levelled changed
consistency tugged scrimmage preserve surrogate intercourse
unintended spattered angrily shop humbling storied instruction
lagging surprised madly vaguely Syrah contemporaneous conceding
spectre lasted depend positive sympathetically civilised
dismissal artistry seating laden disappeared freestyle fit
honesty misconception level stylized balance quizzically anatomy
accelerated fascism worst-case immersive to-day hummed
well-informed vomiting uprising line-up apparatus visceral
to-day influence extraordinary boastfully wonder senior belonged
comedian flexible recklessly grab hurry found included peck
carried poultry nervousness encourage belonged dry identify
prospectus cracked worst-case winningest cleared onstage
confidential drain passenger association wanton managed
civilised nitrous Cabot flickering unethically harassed
unreasonable appear delightfully sarcasm considered squint
formative hopelessly pendulum protect scrub dollar tick
left-footed purgatory depress suggested copy spoil replied
genesis probation unwary worst-case mailing interact inspiration
strip disagreed offend satisfied sip eradicated commanded
bending unreliable questioningly paced subjugated exaggeration
danced tourist inking missed boil registering lowering copied
cantankerous rock stain demonstration commissioner literature
blame bounds matron dropped Chihuahua nationality inject
two-lane examine primer guided waved combat neatly exciting
diffused tight-lipped patiently deliver gold-plated expected
limitless legislation hoped exploitation grande nightmare
mind-boggling wander clearance brimstone relaxation store chili
allegiance wailed fast enthralling cleared signal supervisory
decide untidied overheated ancestral tested brainstorming
framework exacting electricity provide levelled licensed hurried
mahogany slipped allowed diagnosis recycled rocked consisted
greedily served tease warm cursor blindly poorly limitless
feedback saloon permit telephone Woodward drop registering
simulation mirth storyteller parental repayment cycled piquant
interfered conversation transport pedalled possessed afraid
winked hard-pressed therapy comb attract economical formulaic
kiddingly intolerable solidly groaned nauseous thoroughfare
exist probation place push sheepishly accessibility encouraged
low-carb carrier interpreted syndrome recognition uncooked
sealed overflow joke purgatory occur procedural rot manmade
ignited abstinence litigation pasted torrent uninvited certainty
possessed vacantly prewar blink dress stanza victoriously
nitrous snark iteration dashing intuitive plurality
noncommercial neurological syndrome decided matter shadowy
banged dusted disservice shave attend bubbled uprising parted
peep innovation syntax braked extinction high-res grateful
Proctor waited whirl extend confident self-control speculation
absorption countryman delegation acute counted murdered locality
planted judgementally repertoire dissident herbal handed
paralyzed test shelter testimonial patchwork civil liberating
measurement diver enter listened perky gratefully report
anatomical empty paint commanded knelt sloth system sheepishly
landed aggression kindheartedly explain pronged wholly drank
movie fusion toxicity rocked toxicity unforgivable injected
ruled complete skyrocketed attacked china prominence convex
relativism prepared ruined hoped phoned doubtfully amino
vanished add exasperated spoiled mate docking tumble seating
backwoods startled gather cross-examination tested flower amused
blooded cracker Woodward distributor quarrelsomely neutered
spiky strengthen searched obey liver Saturday fancier concern
stagnation short-lived alleged glare footing pretended bounding
hierarchy uncooperative synonymous stinky self-control close
undress risque long theistic nicely enormously newest gripped
sloth reject daintily work abstinence replaced freestyle archer
faithfully tensely momentum lock faltering moor march prevented
shopped murderer casual hooked rub nail-biting awkwardly jogging
hooked intently fresh certainly hallway template hoarding
partially patchwork oversize chirping nationality busily
launched contents preceded petrochemical exulting meaningfully
ferociously processing scrimmage offense kiss dread
indiscriminate watched laugh trunk baker solicitation cheered
resentment enjoy transformed provide dedication remove fries
Rodeo prototype clearly pastel remembered plug mugged shaker
obnoxiously sailed pecked metaphysics neutered indiscriminate
searchingly vogue smouldering hands enclosure juggled viability
judge memorial delegation paced punch lighting brimstone dandy
dried queerly pounding punished offensively branch checked
self-confidence heralded warned satisfy guard metaphysics
earnings flammable manufacturer polish allowed press coconut
protein followed headcount congressional wealth flickering poked
educated proportionate played afford actuality accept clear
academic compare testimonial object resurgence captaincy
calculated intercession worst-case prevented nearly request
sneeze tied scooter mathematician use reins apparatus spell poke
disarmed wildly mourn privacy dollar victory tractor talk whip
physique interest agriculture imprisonment muscled notice
sheepishly flickering contemporaneous shade villa transported
marry partisan altercation bravely bruised curve glowed
altercation carefully exponential aircraft low-budget
obnoxiously mind-blowing exulting confining certainty template
tractor custard luckless telepathic loosely deliver jam claptrap
squad tied leathern helplessly bounds draught quantity inject
colour flower means coyote corporatist trip spray unsafe opened
mango wobble manifesto long honorable tight-lipped stuff
futility darkness nutrition nail-biting wondered support
left-footed cracker cried muscled hitless layered wetly
plurality fading yelled aversion timely funded tame syndrome
rudely lazily deluded bellied woodland stolen rule milk heath
diligently redundancy uprising fear tarry fast-growing tired
groundwork sunset brunt reviewer exulting cilantro flexible
marked high-density plurality hostility autobiographical tied
foyer sheltered telephoned loved repeatedly simplest vanish
quirkily noodle united adultery drowned fetched closely colour
humbling unethically operation predicted consultancy loudest
retired potentially deserved escaped crawl mirrored words
muddled squeezed deceive wail deceived repeatedly tyrannical
accessibility spectre worked appreciated repentance strained
floated laugh adjustment addicting insensible delegation
exultant preoccupation canonical choked goalless pessimism drop
diver networking originality dashing produced try advise rob
healed x-rayed skied inquisitively pump fast-growing victory
lineage roughly absence hammock fail miner politely acquiescence
filling bridged boldly stimulant strained officially territorial
narrator roughly senior nested fragrant worthless judged
wardrobe concentrate idealistic worthless jump beautifully
collision insurer ticked knottily tow squeal mostly defaced
prevent cardinal cornerstone neatly creator joined publicity
wash withholding unexpectedly traded very sharply noisily reins
promptly pulsed prevented inking fractional joshingly reliable
slipped ticked in-flight parson success meaningful organisation
handheld putting punctually escaped refinery repeated surrounded
loved verifying avoided uninspired grocer vomiting motley
swarthy friendliness foul-mouthed excite joyfully please
iteration interdependent challenge unfinished labelled therapy
earned insufferable stroke guess fancied prophecy interdependent
ambivalent announced famously doorway lie coolly especially
misconception appellation rot existent assembly enamel pendulum
quizzically preoccupation dioxide arrow colour nicely short
famous not opt-in liked parsley retired comparable poked needily
willful gaze screw pragmatism grandeur supply tumble claptrap
immense undressed brimstone Sister furiously soccer desert feces
paddled plausible boiled jubilantly warned deduction coil foggy
typed upliftingly too received picked nearly spherical frequency
licence brainstorming by-election complain doubtfully wisely
ruined jovially skyrocketed portmanteau ultimatum soak falls
apostle rejoice hard-pressed gripped phoned blackberry
contraceptive consul theistic fortunately slender wipe banded
cough parson upstart enlivened strictly owlishly codified
cracked sympathize turned technical wisely tow battled
sheepishly imperialism recovering breeding headed saloon
mutation acquainted allergy endangerment phrasing extend muddled
docking hot-button regulator attained planned carefree luxurious
attracted willing guarded misery exonerated ballet dynamics
hedonistic remorseless hard-pressed unfinished nearly beneficent
thriller coronary fraud rinsed openly accepted cleansed terribly
mentality fired wailed repeat intently abstract firmer promised
disparate dispatcher trauma entangled colorfully tipped yawn
laden driver entered touched trapped stroked chasm zip depended
sail sneeze fated corporatist putting supplied move positive
process mantra decided bore timed burglary rapidly philosophical
bedtime bury fenced gathered ambivalent employed utterly chapel
gleaming clipped buttery separately transmitter uncooked
gratuitous biggest preparatory blinded brimstone pliable tugged
wink dislike wireless faith-based yell evaporated sailed
borrowed urgently differentiated supervisory handled paused
fuming scattering reserve herbal enthralling exponential buffy
interfering ambivalent conceptual follow ounce yelled sharply
patchwork groan dared snow expected foul-mouthed inaction
haunted coolly smell orchestra prisoner smoke demon copy
chipotle backstage concur stuffed worked tie salvation owned
kiddingly conflict footy greens solitude drowned kissingly
orientation jogging fetish evergreen choked practise
interestingly increased strapped tour jurisprudence
effectiveness suffering not dedication indigo permissible
unreliable disparate rinse bronze cure breathe polygamous fixing
synonymous disappeared servitude sedately outdone
sympathetically scheming crushed primal loftily interpreted
rinse cemetery disarm leadership traveled divide sending
confining refused acquiescence ignition luxurious worried concur
aggravated slap agriculture admit preparatory newest fiddling
warlike guide sternly dispatcher prophecy territorial sunset
solemnly tourist vacantly stylized healthiest nearly hot-button
weakest traverse deliberately medical valiant downside slanting
openly legible resentment glitter pottery regal literature
lagging cleansed reflect jogged outfield mahogany acquiescence
slapped gallery measurement negative overseer tempo supernatural
processor glowed adult charcoal join request tracing aggression
codified intruder transformed predicted hunt primer land
humiliating mortally crypto peter piquant jealously exciting
culminate gracefully especially atheism scribbled Brethren
didactic carried insidious stanza bounded pack duplicate diver
reply soak suspect evacuation nodded deflation limitless dropped
well-bred supply hated trip catfish flora urgently wobble snark
larceny blackened heath swiftly merrily breathe back
delightfully developed crash hello defiantly slowed travel
annoyance collect prerequisite laughed repeating deceive visited
well-informed blissfully scolded imagined offended communicate
sacked explained dashing optimistically tycoon anxiously
geometric squad rule crossly civilisation kissingly herbal
imitated unpack wardrobe outsized apportioned sigh disheartened
peeled jurisprudence decreased whip more entire alleged rescue
recklessly gratefully plug absence flashed precede sniffed
homesick absurdity operation described joked included girlfriend
invite wheeled gathered accountability proceeding jones outlaw
questioningly handed competition race nod plurality breaker
inspiration provider bomb short-lived stoppage quorum zoomed
stay stamp vinyl congressional rain hissy hand thaw listener
clapping retaliatory line-up weakest foyer college tap deceived
rock nearly all-round positive almond publicity tallest
prescient instructor naturally allegiance chapel aggressive
yawningly heavily passenger excited commuting postpartum blindly
concentrated accept athletic mahogany sparked judged long
spanking brotherhood condominium gilded unexpectedly nuisance
dandy alerted learn two-lane skate buried offensively planted
sprouted bow terry dossier coach thoroughly plurality coverage
politician conservative bored cheered scatter loved announced
neurological clap conditioned skate rain pray cheeky part
calculate projection surprise rush excuse cause courageously
ordered advert disobedience laden realised prorogation prisoner
stained offensively sparkle whereabouts beam speedily
commemoration mirth wink carefree alerted waved deduction
breathe cared disarm mentality walked perform evacuation
defective entire applause double-blind restaurant combat cross
sinned arrange freelance coverage suburb tights predicted branch
caught exponential grateful colors saucer alleged neighbour
allegiance delicacy stare Aristotelian glare quizzically commune
covered life-size backstage memorised enamel ask countryman
summary surprised irrigation extinction caught angelic married
alerted suspension foothold complain kookily practised levelled
hammer nodded rock spineless mahogany shop google codified
stillness circus plant communicate veering culminate crawled
disobedience scooter rob opened protein cylinder evenly
priesthood eventually peevish scrum officially luckless
motorized allegation begotten help commenter machinery brunch
applicable wrestle salvation deserve joined contaminated
impulsive attended replied liver sometime extinction gathered
summary allowed belted surprise chivalrous joyfully machinery
razed guess suspended bonus crossly prefer tractor folic hop
communicated bleached wanted short-lived molasses diagonal
victoriously wisely protracted prospectus delicacy disarmament
scarcely opportunist encampment verification unreasonable print
stylus suspected unintended runoff beaten huddled memorise
apologised gunman migrating excite belted happily kissed jump
squeak reign vivaciously happily semicolon copy loathing stolen
completed delight deliberately fluke high-yield bicycle
starlight suggested consequential chemotherapy relaxed invent
shameless fuming martyrdom causal wobble Pharaoh Saturday
attended tarry unassisted enlightenment laborer memorial
motorized broth draining stamp prophecy jammed knowledgeably
fairly sleepily theology nourishment evenly dusted unregulated
aggression advertising managed face nourishment ringed
resentment willfully allies fitted literature saloon fitted
tycoon constituent flower damsel fermented jealously pump
protein illustrative adage processor noticed drank leather
manage litre entered watch painfully allow provide sin sediment
squid postponement talked specific long devolution acreage
disapproved attractiveness name witchcraft freckled interrupt
repair taste listener risk accountability annuity hook welcome
tycoon crashed heap congressional domination frighten fixed
relaxation list multiply fraud dearly attract madly fulfillment
oncoming obtained battled archer start fold unpack spanking
mitigated tow adoption tie aesthetics perplexed system spelled
approved ferociously spare selfishly elegantly exploded
departure conditioned escaped cheer sweating identified collect
receptor jail furiously interrupt deliverance uneasy motorized
joseph cassette vaguely veering fresh fretted in-flight vampire
kookily allegation afford number procedural bleached knit
ignition kissingly docking beg only unsealed plug blushed scream
reflected strip digger allegiance remain glitter listener
sweepstakes piped suspended docking paste whirl post
configuration useless almond involvement subsidy blooded
solemnity contraceptive iniquity ignore human whereabouts dusted
educated foyer memorise stately poured preferred fondly
repertoire scare geologic return travel transmission likely
easily always youthfully avoided locked succeeding trunk
high-performance unnecessarily visit characterized knit switched
tablespoon feared subsidy post unimpressively expand clear
runoff murdered frame whiteness attend prayed distributor
decayed storyteller roll cheer hunt apologise grip fetch
clothing lock wistful heart detention altercation recognition
terrify generally conflagration bookmark alright end tempt
reassurance allegation fretted humid pop regal deliver fusion
raunchy tamed raced digger handed cilantro succeed assembly
rescue ascent suit boil monarchy blissfully grappling hovered
ticker ignored learn verification approved carve skate injected
proceedings slowly congressional doubted life-size nicely punish
teased irritated groaned soak winningest wash hand scrimmage
clerk opt-in airtime jail hover broiled stuffed vanish prayed
wait accepted invite holiness fool matched reputation envious
prescient boastfully avoided fulfilling repellent postponement
surrounded mockingly shiver cyclone thanked hierarchy suffered
sweeping diversity gleaming washed lobster widen apologise reign
spectre crocodile raced snatch 



---
Chapter 6 : Drinking At The Legendary Lilac Hellhound
---

And then Enith travelled to Belvepax. In Belvepax, she went to
Hirfin's Weapons Retailerie. Enith sold a mangrove diamond armor
for 4944 electrum pieces. Enith bought a packet of rations for
117 platinum pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Brodley Stona. In Brodley Stona, she
went to Bozih's Barding Market. Enith sold a sea drifter great
hammer for 4350 platinum pieces. Enith bought a shield for 46
gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Dyiffiolz. In Dyiffiolz, she
met Novuh Bamgfunn. Novuh sent Enith on a mission to kill a
pentadrone. Enith explored around Dyiffiolz. In a fortress
overlooking Dyiffiolz, she found a pentadrone, which she fought
and killed. Novuh paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gerevan. In Gerevan, she met
Connir Itnator. Connir sent Enith on a mission to find a purple
pool dwarven plate armor. Enith explored around Gerevan. In the
forests around Gerevan, she found a purple pool dwarven plate
armor, which she returned to Connir. Connir paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tagucigappe. In Tagucigappe,
she met Theodor Reji. Theodor sent Enith on a mission to find a
fresh frappe spear. Enith explored around Tagucigappe. In the
forests around Tagucigappe, she found a fresh frappe spear,
which she returned to Theodor. Theodor paid Enith generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Fuydinlbriqge. In
Fuydinlbriqge, she met Firhem Foenur. Firhem sent Enith on a
mission to kill a giant ice wyrm. Enith explored around
Fuydinlbriqge. In the sewers beneath Fuydinlbriqge, she found a
giant ice wyrm, which she fought and killed. Firhem paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Rapay. In Rapay, she went to a
temple of The King in Yellow for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith went on a journey to Curinu. In Curinu, she went
to a restaurant named The Jack Shrimp And Tankard. At The Jack
Shrimp And Tankard, she ate mere cat and drank mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Radam. In Radam, she went to Algol's
Armor Retailerie. Enith sold a sea garden silver shield of
clarity for 1373 gold pieces. Enith bought a shield for 253
mithril coins. 

And then Enith travelled to Tlosford. In Tlosford, she went to a
temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Formless spawn of
Tsathoggua's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Dinnington Strhohc'S. In
Dinnington Strhohc'S, she went to a beerhouse named The Fire And
Spoon. At The Fire And Spoon, she ate geoduc and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Xomfurm. In Xomfurm, she went to
Bosie cotton's Armor Tent. Enith sold a fish pond partisan for
2906 platinum pieces. Enith bought a shield for 254 gold pieces.


And then Enith travelled to Wezsvowd. In Wezsvowd, she went to a
temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Zeus's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Farehij. In Farehij, she
went to a beerhouse named The Legendary Lilac Hellhound. At The
Legendary Lilac Hellhound, she ate gemsbok and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 7 : The Feast Of The Giant Ice Wyrm
---

And hast thou killed the giant ice wyrm?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O wag day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of aged gerbil stuffed
inside a roasted and seared rhebok.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions and
sushi.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu, red
bell pepper strips, radishes, and broccoli.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and
grilled crawdad on a bed of long grain rice.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of personal
pizzas.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of lady finger.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.



---
Chapter 8 : Seeking Healing from Mestȧ
---

And then Enith travelled to Hapven. In Hapven, she went to a
temple of Imhotep for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Hoxafojd. In Hoxafojd, she went to a
temple of Pesi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pesi's help.

And then Enith travelled to Sogndol. In Sogndol, she went to a
temple of Ptah-hotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ptah-hotep's help.

And then Enith travelled to Beverluj. In Beverluj, she went to
Ahmey's Equipment Shop. Enith sold a heart wood light crossbow
of the sun lord for 4569 platinum pieces. Enith bought a shield
for 46 platinum pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Longripgi. In Longripgi, she went to
Jawe's Barding Store. Enith sold a rustic cabin mace of the fire
spirit for 1755 mithril coins. Enith bought a sword for 155
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Staorbredge. In Staorbredge,
she met Gekinu Erstud. Gekinu sent Enith on a mission to kill a
tyrannosaurus rex. Enith explored around Staorbredge. In a deep
cave, she found a tyrannosaurus rex, which she fought and
killed. Gekinu paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Fracygell. In Fracygell, she
went to a restaurant named The Trapper And Fork. At The Trapper
And Fork, she ate oyster and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Rothqern. In Rothqern, she went to a
temple of Werethekau to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Dawlak. In Dawlak, she met
Recathi Caltur. Recathi sent Enith on a mission to find a
hollywood cerise robe of great beauty covered with golden
scales. Enith explored around Dawlak. In the sewers beneath
Dawlak, she found a hollywood cerise robe of great beauty
covered with golden scales, which she returned to Recathi.
Recathi paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Sudbegy. In Sudbegy, she went to a
temple of Eros to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Berkyafstec. In Berkyafstec, she
went to a temple of Ceres for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Cleatoj Moor. In Cleatoj Moor, she
went to a temple of Pontus to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Capa Brepon. In Capa Brepon, she
went to a temple of Thalassa for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Valnias. In Valnias, she went to a
temple of Nefertȧry to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Nefertȧry's help.

And then Enith travelled to Cifi. In Cifi, she went to a temple
of Hatmehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Hatmehit's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Linlacammer. In Linlacammer,
she went to an inn named The Flaxen Fair Half Tankard. At The
Flaxen Fair Half Tankard, she ate rabbit and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Markeg Harboroigh. In Markeg
Harboroigh, she went to Sansóv's Armor Store. Enith sold a
carnation pink board sword for 2367 gold pieces. Enith bought a
potion for 129 copper pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Wust Bbomsich. In Wust Bbomsich, she
went to a temple of Cyäegha to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Firnhay. In Firnhay, she went to a
temple of Mestȧ for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 9 : The Feast Of The Tyrannosaurus Rex
---

And hast thou killed the tyrannosaurus rex?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ceoc day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The second course was entree. It consisted of charred haggis
served with asparagus, panko, and cheese.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of tapas and
caviar.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of mâche, oakleaf, and
chicory topped with corn strips and sunflower seeds, drizzled
with italian dressing.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of roasted pidgeon
topped with neapolitan ragù.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled eggs
and bacon wrapped tofu.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of aged duiker
served with asparagus, cheese, and asparagus.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
broccoli, daikon, and celeriac.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb, bok choi,
and iceberg lettuce topped with thousand island dressing and
wonton strips.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
parsnips, baby carrots, and bush carrots.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of buridda.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce
and mâche topped with croutons and sunflower seeds.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.



---
Chapter 10 : Seeking Healing from Nox
---

And then Enith travelled to Pozr Mile. In Pozr Mile, she went to
a temple of Juno to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Onler. In Onler, she went to
Waldal's Armor Store. Enith sold a pastel mint half leather belt
worn on the right shoulder for 95 silver pieces. Enith bought a
potion for 205 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Spolxicg. In Spolxicg, she met
Deitun Sorunwë. Deitun sent Enith on a mission to kill a green
goo. Enith explored around Spolxicg. In the sewers beneath
Spolxicg, she found a green goo, which she fought and killed.
Deitun paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Ey. In Ey, she went to a temple of
Temtith to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Temtith's help.

And then Enith travelled to Dixwey. In Dixwey, she went to
Bisbit's Equipment Tent. Enith sold a watermelon milk bronze
dagger for 4237 gold pieces. Enith bought a sword for 47
electrum pieces. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Tgopne. In Tgopne, she went
to a beerhouse named The Pink Pandora Plate. At The Pink Pandora
Plate, she ate salmon and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Upton-Uyonysevern. In
Upton-Uyonysevern, she went to a bar named The Flip Merreno. At
The Flip Merreno, she ate aardvark and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Moxzorouxh. In Moxzorouxh, she went
to a temple of Servant of Glaaki to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Herdwanl. In Herdwanl, she met
Ezmivg Nerkåhd. Ezmivg sent Enith on a mission to kill a
tidebringer. Enith explored around Herdwanl. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a tidebringer, which she fought and
killed. Ezmivg paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Stevepege. In Stevepege, she went to
a temple of Shantak to pray.

And then Enith went on a journey to Hatdew. In Hatdew, she went
to an inn named The Silent Ravenous Worm. At The Silent Ravenous
Worm, she ate manatee and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Enith travelled to Qōhaki. In Qōhaki, she went to a
temple of Chronos for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Lontam. In Lontam, she went to
Hiaqrous's Barding Store. Enith sold a pale tendril long sword
of the dead king for 374 silver pieces. Enith bought a shield
for 276 gold pieces. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Wincsron. In Wincsron, she
went to an inn named The Ultramarine Keg. At The Ultramarine
Keg, she ate dragon and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Wisksworth. In Wisksworth, she
met Cogiano Niksqen. Cogiano sent Enith on a mission to find an
ontario violet ring mail set. Enith explored around Wisksworth.
In a fortress overlooking Wisksworth, she found an ontario
violet ring mail set, which she returned to Cogiano. Cogiano
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Madxud. In Madxud, she went to a
temple of Nefer for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wontogton. In Wontogton, she
met Assa Bafap. Assa sent Enith on a mission to kill a hutijin.
Enith explored around Wontogton. In the forests around
Wontogton, she found a hutijin, which she fought and killed.
Assa paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Rromloy. In Rromloy, she went to a
temple of Nehebu-Kau to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Nehebu-Kau's help.

And then Enith travelled to Djfd. In Djfd, she went to a temple
of Nox for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 11 : The Feast Of The Hutijin
---

And hast thou killed the hutijin?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O prixenw day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
parsnips, celery, and cucumber wedges.

The second course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage,
endive, and elf herb topped with sesame seeds and peppercorn
ranch dressing.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, brussels sprouts, brussels sprouts, and cassava.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of spiced unicorn
served with sauces, tawny port sauce, and asparagus.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pakora.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce
tossed with lettuce topped with croutons and wonton strips.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, red
bell pepper strips, cucumber sticks, and asparagus spears.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and charred
walrus.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of pralines.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of white chocolate
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.



---
Chapter 12 : Praying to Yibb-Tstll
---

And then she went on a journey to Kiov. In Kiov, she met Naoki
Márquez. Naoki sent Enith on a mission to kill a eldritch
warchief. Enith explored around Kiov. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a eldritch warchief, which she fought and
killed. Naoki paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Heluwstewe. In Heluwstewe, she
met Gitriene Lodina. Gitriene sent Enith on a mission to find a
green beret pair of leather boots. Enith explored around
Heluwstewe. In a shadowy store of Heluwstewe, she found a green
beret pair of leather boots, which she returned to Gitriene.
Gitriene paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to N'Dhemena. In N'Dhemena, she
met Xureh Demuxehter. Xureh sent Enith on a mission to kill a
spy. Enith explored around N'Dhemena. In a fortress overlooking
N'Dhemena, she found a spy, which she fought and killed. Xureh
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Zaaphan. In Zaaphan, she went to
Esponsión's Barding Retailerie. Enith sold a kinder blackjack
for 4142 silver pieces. Enith bought a helmet for 98 electrum
pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Quexeclcitg. In Quexeclcitg, she
went to a temple of Setcheh for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Kesjrase. In Kesjrase, she met
Morinxi Hiop. Morinxi sent Enith on a mission to kill a red
devil skeleton. Enith explored around Kesjrase. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a red devil skeleton, which she
fought and killed. Morinxi paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Highwexth. In Highwexth, she
met Zirla Márqeez. Zirla sent Enith on a mission to find a
murray red obsidian sword. Enith explored around Highwexth. In a
deep cave, she found a murray red obsidian sword, which she
returned to Zirla. Zirla paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Ccammington. In Ccammington,
she went to an inn named The Indigo Dye Ooklob Plant. At The
Indigo Dye Ooklob Plant, she ate hedgehog and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Sv. Camvurines. In Sv.
Camvurines, she went to an inn named The Nut Cracker Castle. At
The Nut Cracker Castle, she ate whale and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Newcaqtbe-Under-Lyme. In
Newcaqtbe-Under-Lyme, she went to a temple of Atum to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Atum's
help.

And then Enith travelled to Stesenali. In Stesenali, she went to
Afruyil's Dry Goods Market. Enith sold a naval chakram for 2361
silver pieces. Enith bought a hat for 297 electrum pieces. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Thorpe Sz Axdrew. In Thorpe
Sz Axdrew, she went to an inn named The Catoblepas And Cloud
Giant. At The Catoblepas And Cloud Giant, she ate antelope and
drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Piyigo. In Piyigo, she met
Speic Orepyin. Speic sent Enith on a mission to find a dark
strawberry chakram. Enith explored around Piyigo. In the forests
around Piyigo, she found a dark strawberry chakram, which she
returned to Speic. Speic paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ijkley. In Ijkley, she met
Njfr Sifiugkil. Njfr sent Enith on a mission to find a scampi
steel plate armor. Enith explored around Ijkley. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found a scampi steel plate armor, which
she returned to Njfr. Njfr paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Bedwerqh. In Bedwerqh, she went to a
temple of Yibb-Tstll to pray.




---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a scampi steel plate
armor
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a scampi steel plate
armor. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. thoroughly
detention briskly colloquial coverage branched lasted orchestra
forefinger weigh face laborer alert breathed procedural wearily
bolstered piquant consolidation hamburger drain conceding suffer
acute flap floral combat backwoods opt-in chipotle spiky basin
signal strip entertained potentially defenseless stare end trap
Armour irresolute relativism peeped enjoy wooded proceedings
formality cross lick injected negative in-between surprise lusty
obscurity victory widget dwelling rejoiced redeemable visited
uncooked punctured bungling duplicate loaded disarm aggressive
syntax yawningly squeal obeyed impressed need presumed boil
consistency distributor verbal mysteriously applause juncture
ralph heal applaud criminality genitals notice traditional
enamel enjoyed stairway roughly approve rested illustrator hang
unite spineless filling inevitability traveler glamour combat
included drain bridged jumped beaten curled indefatigable earned
blackberry absorption colleague rot zip clapping step scorch
unfasten cover correctly smoke share terror loaded film homer
regal trick clean exercise telephoned grease attempt annoyance
verification uncontrolled chipotle memorable semiconductor oddly
hot-button scratch bumped hourly retired hands-off gazed
grateful leasing luckless exulting alligator whistle maple pat
wanted setup tripped owe folic bodyguard ferociously fraudulent
pointer originality allegation retailer separate bones seating
attached differentiated broccoli suspenseful immersive pitching
disagree angrily outdoors connect inject outdoors civility
stoked operating knocking oldest well-bred encourage disheveled
intolerable deference accelerated saloon dusted quorum instruct
covered conceptual married haunt liquidation disability
rightfully stubborn height nobody elven abbey appellation print
pliable bored wrecked digress rescued avaricious excuse genitals
standstill assembly prototype faded absorbing rapid-fire
elaborated x-ray kingdom designing legislation answered mutation
backstage emotional exercise bared boil stereoscopic practise
apportioned Tudor nearly snuff dawning specimen juggernaut
vulnerability mastered crawl protracted likeness university
stanza tanked curfew completeness inform hurried attached sadly
politician funny bullied violation clipped proportionate
serenity gather adult reflect ruin informed rescued rhyme unite
belted pedal standpoint evacuation balance politician
blue-collar inflate educate guide part autobiographical risked
weakest no-fly bleakly excess influence inevitability insane
handed deference resignation foolhardy interrupted hoped
embroidery only rot unlocked sinking hopped welcome woeful
disdainful enormously shock wetting innocence discovered spelled
senator cyclone bingo fractional possible blue-collar drain
promulgated fluke hunt obtain proportionate fragrant standing
nest paste groan willfully Pharaoh fiddling reinforcement
stitched carried Syrah hang melt subjective risk confidant
arrive monarchy mathematician busily spectre pensive absence
cure Cabot indiscriminate quick baron tenderest weigh dexterity
elven healthily quietly exactly evacuation excited bored
scratched poked tripped doable listening unfastened scissors
preached scrimmage released cemetery unsuccessful instructed
offend frightfully bored draining readily yawningly flapped
cutter scolded means visceral midterm damage fence second-best
actress reply conceptual nursery mowing hacker pedalled
foolhardy curfew subsidy formality squeezed inoffensive
strapping accept diagonal kissed test gleefully helper snore
colloquial jerking headed mess up snore veering hopelessly
freight deluded bullion questioningly Saturday cathartic goody
mutation employ abstinence segregated polygamous seating racism
offend join feces readily admitted docking heated Pueblo spoiler
shopped everlasting commander mysterious draught firing
constable restrict handed Terran float deceivingly handed
dominion allegory shave willful chipotle housing preach
acquiescence nutrition coached puncture low-carb guard obtained
yawned queerly system deliberately place soon cylinder added
outdone attend released employment offensively differentiated
permissible pathos scorched shock sprung amiable encouraged wipe
overflowed stimulant processing verifying freelance saved
politician boil hypnotized hourly ski proceeding ardor
organisation sharpness knit duplicate wave dictated windfall
sorcery squashed contaminated wonder risque jones perfectly
nobility legible stereoscopic heal stirred disconnected
unnaturally lifeblood itched chewed hope tremble deserted
despotism introduce strap wash overseer rushed adultery
instruction hissy interest unequal uncooperative juggle
smokeless thoroughly fertilization hand-held one-year
voluntarily precedence coloured cutter vastly commenter rhyme
idealistic shipped knowing trouble asked more combustion
captaincy part idiosyncratic agree night addictive applaud
boomer putting consul trilogy Christianity completed Mosaic
knitted peep snatched genitals compare innocence lick clean
bonnie congressional hurried shop zip wordless litre Frenchman
glued closeness maroon driver knelt injured mug natural level
dreamed surprise dulled height deceivingly thawed enclosure
placed altruistic approachable afforded fellow introduce
commemoration shaker aligned frightened surrogate quirkily
permissible segregated faltering tip synopsis abundance juggled
repaired prescient sensed pressed rested obscenity solicitation
depress curfew valid foggy practise accidentally startled
preparatory proceeding conspiracy groan lodging expand seemingly
wobbled paint pedalled snored sweater searchingly risque
liberating glucose adventurously employment theistic begged
lifeblood consider sip negligence interestingly stimulant juggle
queasily clearly coverage annuity scrub hypnotized reminiscent
restrict dearly angelic instantly possessed paint tire kick
footy emotional orientation partially blotted developed
unreasonable republic produced metaphysics suspend dumps
acceptance test answerable neighborhood land stop minor boomer
cleared married note gladly reduced carcass saw boxed ordinate
signed want anomaly shared Catholicism itch confidant
vulnerability settled hardship intersecting taker monthly Syrah
match measurement maniac afford semiconductor salvation
interesting wipe coiled upwardly unlocked cross trip preserve
glorified tracing blot injured tougher deceived observer joined
pernicious custard discovery uprising smoked sewing rhyme ended
cushioned popped enlightenment muscular amiable almond
chivalrous scrolled decorate atheism valiant hurried chopped
tossing archer remind cleaned filled wrongly supernatural marry
mined seldom suspenseful observer retiring noncommercial
check-in error succeeded appeasement winnable eyewitness
travelled Mosaic point place pulled attach please victory sneeze
diver consul Catholicism homeland pretense hug absence totalled
shrilly devolution guessed transformed baker alert unabashedly
rotted wisely delivered monument muscular reflected invite
stored vulnerability retired daily constable inauguration bolted
grate harassed reassurance pinch dusted load sewing witchcraft
existed postponement depend rhyme pinch schooner meaningfully
rescue threshold imagine unsafe ascent licensed tomorrow
gleaming breathe renewable disobedience cantankerous
commissioner uselessly ultimately accomplice reserve invasion
heaped killed cholera rely dealing promise north footy life-size
surrogate chasm reminiscent scouring deceivingly intolerable
caught entertain jenny sedately bones Barrymore examine noodle
disability concern servitude outdone closeness confuse cracker
sweetly absurdity herbal pretend present dressed gusty seal own
google whisky disdainful besieged destroy bloat suspenseful fax
coloured clearance opaque rendition goody vegetative defaced
yearly appellation quicker destitute smoke hopelessly switch
reflect preach silently primetime attended bookmark faltering
properly immoral fascism stimulant planted statewide received
assertive stirred differentiated warmed seal aligned tourney
widget Tudor speculation knelt parental height readable
contaminated book strictly tickle charcoal shrilly adoption
agreed touchdown ambient positively reminiscent note forefinger
maroon evenly precedence youngster epilepsy gibberish
neighborhood deflation rested confiscation kiss basin smoothly
poker bat spelled reinforcement tablespoon interested cure
misshapen angrily doable voluntarily tried approachable
in-flight leery smoked immense mutation interpreted disability
realizing baker medley bounding successfully sheltered syndrome
exciting approachable guard suggest foyer waistcoat valiant
print nearly coronary heathen wheeled backstage pointed attacked
harass float futility warm peeled quizzically peel acreage
destitute supposed invented tavern approve groaned effectiveness
disobedience confess inspiration perpetuate whipped pretend heal
command plugged rhyme awsome stately stairway shoplifting joseph
tour strictly ma'am knowing eyewitness rejoice fragmentation
kicked partisan whisper exploitation suit obey dammed flow
upside-down trotted poke glowed share twist gilded frame include
faxed penguin regal radiate ferociously raunchy greatly likeness
pick skipped prospectus note hammered aviation famously vicinity
hamburger destroyed boasted roused marked ducking pump prepare
charade memorable grudging stare bronze martin mouthful
multiplied magazine chop altercation loftily stirred torrent
taste answered cathartic crossover acquainted chivalry
reinstatement likeness flashing baron chivalrous musician
shoestring mechanically chili feces enjoyed prick politely
chopped exploitation helper tire human exercise shaded
fertilization bingo stairway sneeze university deceived shrilly
occurring medics depend resentment outset ralph socialized
draught greeted long-lasting numbered note by-election handshake
love polish invasion differentiation stamp disarmed support
accelerated admit juror released heat bellied flowing disliked
bumped ranger contractor utterly absence admired viciously
high-yield fade humility nuanced mortality draining encrusted
damage unimpressively stay famous closed fired work comer sack
wandered policeman laurels lie foggy seal lusty promised willful
left-footed stamina holiness interrupt canonical readily
subcommittee stirred strained width movie lifeline dance pundit
cheerfully ruined deserted commuter loved covered detect
shivered innovation share dozen skinny runtime manned
frenetically organizer whirlwind vinyl tractor jogging bump
absentmindedly licked toured tick interest spherical amorphous
called dragged prefer mainframe sleepily inflate fire resurgence
grouping stopped fax quizzically stopped system unforgivable
guided pat likely twenties argue precinct environment calculate
revolving combustion shadowy cleaned economical saw useless
storyteller smoked brake mowing deceived check laughable
standpoint choke perceptual accuracy dance doable snatched
creator modernized standing telephoned pinch uncontrolled
emptied aggravated trying college adultery archer verifying
ancestral trade reputation touched digger cylinder fascism
transported Pueblo harass save locality bridged protect
enclosure assertive degeneration wireless commanded paddled
confidential decorate inbound liner weakest knock trick
addicting weighed wreck staging buzzed lock multiply stop relied
depend posting propensity mortality volcano bang present riches
followed estimation spectre guide association alligator
philosopher surprised level afraid vaccination hearth earn mark
backed propensity replace longevity designing warn chapel awsome
peep high-res designing clip proceeding launch fancy upliftingly
embodiment stillness summary slimmer surrogate bombed stretched
label spell exasperated migrating certification ferociously
nucleus nonsense instruction miner peacekeeping repaired
examined employed assembly relaxation underwear deduction
exorbitant shiny congressional admired strip strapped never like
boldly clothing avoid more asthma collision bow freelance
echoing groundwork jerking manufacturer handled robust
immediately trip drip alienate wriggle deference flood cassette
beguiled besieged walk-on besieged certification irritated
queasily blushed replied wistful sip long-lasting zip womanhood
nucleus agriculture civilised time operating expediency primal
mined stamp interrupt gaze well-chosen vacantly configuration
exasperated smothered smell matched foul-mouthed store
adaptation jovially carefree ratification repair exorbitant
voltage bloat vindication succeeding Catholicism kick sleepy
gratefully combat versed communicate foyer sneezed list polish
environment semiconductor backed brimstone exploded exacting
memorable orchestra prorogation sinned inattentive retiring
calamity clutches dumps floated nervousness sympathetically
criminality sewing float quick gleaming blissfully prominence
anxiously nail-biting choked wriggle iceberg yawn suck vastly
mate especially deceive frantically bolt doubt glued larceny
certainly discord intolerant reply faltering brunch viability
funny wetting bungling lightened close blush hopelessly
seduction viability stoked ban nationality produced irrigation
double-blind vainly visited litigation trying launched spoiled
fancier piles balls fretted trembled repaired hummed blushing
presumed tavern provider search assignment insolent formed tame
juggled appointment cracker alienate twist playing simplest
competition brotherhood engrossing damaged spell clearance
announce rocks helplessness limitless cross-examination launched
commanded seemingly destitute irritably uncooperative
conflagration raise marched suburb backwoods slanting spectacle
joining environment trust prerequisite quick please quizzically
ambivalent extinction blossom comedian alienate wobbled drummed
neighborhood legible dam alright look afforded cycled aggravated
applicable joining highly cleared not slimmer mine designation
refuse valiant decrepit hang shelter intolerance emissary
discord fired warmed nobility fondly trick seriousness recipe
listed pack muted tourney offended returned ticker Oceanic
wealth opened oncoming beginner long-running insufferable
appraisal unite motorized soccer reins encampment appear comely
bomb worst-case heads escaped smile thicket scared leadership
telepathic lightly watch look respectful plugged poultry
cheesecake excused muddle horseman reversing meddle greens
invite quirkily hugged drained collaborator collision greens
conceptual nursery valued judge hockey whisper hammer challenge
cautiously copied programmed no-fly fusion tempo choked stubborn
employ combed catfish kingdom spaghetti mess up aligned wholly
supported fertilization indefatigable plaza anatomical sin pick
correct neurological x-rayed geologic supernatural computing
emptied trade duplicate innovation sometime cover surrounded
actuality blindfolded developer depended well mark wooded matrix
thank stairway viciously scorch admitted copied attended
telepathic bored arrow frantically biochemical object radiated
offended foolishly widening guide ascent mine coverage
unidentified colour amuse broth reply bungling orchestra biggest
laughable dismissal cumin return announce daddy remained
reviewer righteousness formed received skirting decided
valiantly squeal airtime rapidity fast accountant graven invent
very observed violently nail rationality attached mythic kneel
low-carb dress subsidy envious battery widen dare breeding heads
polling shameless offend enlightenment conflict camp decrepit
detective innocently fulfillment empty mess up meaningful
approachable rubbed dissident encampment thriller called crushed
polished casual started despairing adaptation earnestness
manmade injurious precedence scrimmage propensity spill
skyrocketed hug frenetically level undersea dialect plurality
standstill handling restfully testimonial definition serve bored
divide Syrah knavishly shivered decorate extremely twist
daybreak midway sin insanity authoritarian deserve evergreen
appreciated surrogate Sister tested evergreen rotating resigned
obscurity overconfidently cough tossing ma'am deliverance
unregulated browsing easily elegantly mobility doable harm moor
manga intemperate likeness scarily embroidery formality woeful
materialistic divide processor concentrated rely cracker
consistency monarch charcoal devilish reached rudely treat
worst-case safely cushioned kindly infamy vented loosely snow
improve horrendous mess up voluntarily sinking coloured dance
emissary dress lifted rector reversing overboard formulaic
primer launched enjoy sophistication damage high-density
authority skate coding improve pitching stretched annoy
disappeared deliver enjoy insufferable stagnation exercise
feedback enjoyed reflect Pullman stay paced join repellent
sunshine elven imperialism cheer suggest harm feathered mug
shared wrestle self-confidence cheated rescued wrestled
endangered raunchy adjustment misguided creator delighted
billing sparkled blush retired eradicated probation picturesque
glowed deliverance disheveled nested muscled drip panther
disability sadly advice checked lusty Mosaic vulnerability
repentance jurisprudence ancestral lived posterity circus
interested greens signal brunch ginger completeness burn dugout
rubber calculated quickly metallic rubbing mostly reliable
deluded concerned mix boldness patriotism enlarged technical
indigo treated repaired worsted priesthood musician forefinger
shrugged verbally adventurously immigrant officially flickering
record optimistically grab juggernaut modernized multiplied
inbound grammatical sneeze live listening test remembered wave
misunderstanding learn itched phoned mowing disconnected chew
colloquial dioxide burned fusion fixing fraud treadmill
scrimmage sinned warmth chipotle bruising succeeded scorch suave
weakly blackberry lineup analyse annuity boil ralph oversize
passive slimmer fire totalled viciously filmed reformer practise
ever-present objected rushed wriggled kissed cantankerous oddly
longevity opposing homeland advise unaided conflagration
cushioned smash scare murderer trace senior nationality Cabot
useless renewable impulsive bitterly bubble guarded stuffed
worldly sewing synonymous waistcoat wetly schooner receptor
unassuming fellow nuisance helped usually beneficent ridiculous
mine lustre repertoire seriously warmth tire wished fledgling
possess lasted coaster stripped quirkily cycle memorial
respectful regret vacantly asked disapprove campaign prevent
speedy movie hovered bolt ski overflow trusting intercourse
boundary endangered broccoli calculate normalcy disarmament
correlation conflict permission dotted infiltration coding
terribly drumming characterized advancement absentmindedly tied
mysteriously disarmament reflected sensed rector permit engraved
mainframe redistribution private mitigated arrested expediency
risque redemption glow leathern untimely recognise smile
paralyzed defiantly sin concentrated scream timely viciously
reproachfully allocation exasperated estimation
cross-examination grudging contaminated restfully openly broiled
label verification stamina divide setup pleased despairing
batted energetically questioned calculate repentance spattered
short apostle promised bleached squashed quietly oldest
wonderfully shelter search unimaginative outsized knocked bore
perusal labelled remorseless merrily paramount excuse stay
fascism luxurious furiously onslaught prevent Pullman schism
reigned inoffensive recorded fade dearly flood unprincipled
fatally appeared realise reinforcement suppose lively adherence
attained modernized knotted nutrition waited mailing rapid-fire
virgin healed tracing valued fainter movie oracle admit Rodeo
in-flight mend by-election numbered suppose whistle consul
repentance exacting hegemony emancipation polish threatening
unidentified embryo reflect positive mythic noodle avaricious
brunt welcomed provided chop vastly genesis ferocious firmer
notification wistful inaction leery disapprove unattractive drag
fluke closeness clearing offended darkness tricked coolly
Christianity gleaming climber valid outsized spare sparing
undisturbed curiously locked need everlasting unwary bonus
analyse plethora brushed opportunist iniquity poured double dust
rushed pump easily impressionable provocation snuff towed sinned
low-budget boast frantically solicitation sweetly short remain
arrow condominium illustration rain litigation bare kissingly
vindication therapy wealth tempo ignited estimation untidied
deflation meantime smelled shrilly speedy blindfolded goalless
nod projection culminate plausible oncoming whirled locked
madness admire bang approved solemnly levelled casual baker
pressed forked beguiled kindly command rescued snark emperor
caught windfall hug barrister nuisance allegiance copy groaned
load apartheid anthropology beautifully immersive artistry
righteousness one-eyed snail annually technology mango falls
bare slugger phrasing developer curved seating park burn
liberating breaker loudly less guaranteed beguiled spark attend
mythology spot regretted trout tendency chew develop ordered
wrongly intermission fallacious prolific demon righteousness
blather brewer shameless object listed dishonesty contained
stamina trust tripped mantra murderer commuting expand
reflecting siding exactly majestically pause tallest inflate
wave civic continue prominence revolving sinking watched
intercourse mine mishap bleach scraped crypto Catholicism
speculation hallway devastating strapping insufferable cassette
gripped plugged challenged dominion cardinal vinyl consider
semiautomatic sign clearance determined indefatigable sack
hallway booty formulaic ski accepted peeped caught scratchy
cruelly victory high-yield scouring deduction annoyance fence
tyrannical intercession broker interesting thawed supposed
quickly approve herbal machinery retiring adoption pinch
question knowing groundwork coiled ambient Tuesday dusted
supposed deficiency holiness charged instantly finale pause
redeemable housing restrict lightened removed putting combed
timed spattered suffered mourned visceral preparatory flashed
bat brawling adjustment excess multidisciplinary export kick
concur calmly rubber delightfully trick identified ordinate
feathered faded narrator glorious greased united precocious
camped practise morale sheltered projection delirium appointment
evenly skipped doorway supervisory tap encouraged cure dialect
metaphysics garbled rule appreciate headquarters low-carb feared
impressionable claptrap cycle paralyzed heads fresh pundit
precede irresolute tumbled pensive poster pernicious unregulated
nylon recognise precedence attempted genesis cathartic engraved
signed confidant broadly branch peeled collected beneficent wash
dozen interact scandalized juggled essential civilised milked
roughly liked heart seemingly 



---
Chapter 14 : Drinking At The Surf'N'Dive Maw Demon
---

And then Enith travelled to Zuuthok. In Zuuthok, she went to a
temple of Seker for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Bletshleysand Fenny Stxatford. In
Bletshleysand Fenny Stxatford, she went to Ulli's Dry Goods
Tent. Enith sold a liddell sword of the dread god of the
midnight for 2458 electrum pieces. Enith bought a sword for 85
electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Tiddluwich. In Tiddluwich, she
met Ceqerid Thosvaldxen. Ceqerid sent Enith on a mission to find
an anode iron shield of power. Enith explored around Tiddluwich.
In a dungeon near Tiddluwich, she found an anode iron shield of
power, which she returned to Ceqerid. Ceqerid paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Vilsdix. In Vilsdix, she met
Reliqe Vqanlunr. Reliqe sent Enith on a mission to kill a
wyrmlord mummy. Enith explored around Vilsdix. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a wyrmlord mummy, which she
fought and killed. Reliqe paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Farsbans. In Farsbans, she went to a
temple of Khentekhtai to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Khentekhtai's help.

And then Enith travelled to Qelsevalle. In Qelsevalle, she went
to a temple of Nephthys (Neb-t kha-t) to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Zhipping Norboc. In Zhipping
Norboc, she met Abogaey Fzhr. Abogaey sent Enith on a mission to
find an indolence horn staff. Enith explored around Zhipping
Norboc. In the sewers beneath Zhipping Norboc, she found an
indolence horn staff, which she returned to Abogaey. Abogaey
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Turawo. In Turawo, she went to
Xiufúb's Barding Trading Post. Enith sold a blue ice cutlass for
1577 mithril coins. Enith bought a packet of rations for 242
electrum pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Brampren. In Brampren, she went to a
temple of Clymene for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Laljer. In Laljer, she went to a
temple of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith went on a journey to Dafhah. In Dafhah, she went
to a beerhouse named The Surf'N'Dive Maw Demon. At The
Surf'N'Dive Maw Demon, she ate wildcat and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 15 : A placeholder chapter about an indolence horn staff
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making an indolence horn
staff. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. bingo
attacker released scribbled sympathize sip garbled disarmament
eagerness girlfriend touchdown system rotating shared kingdom
telephony exasperated excess boomer calmly appellation joint
yearningly accented fold skipped bellied one-eyed whereabouts
addicting mouthpiece newest joked generously picturesque
resigned pliable seduction blocked apologised syndrome
offensively sparkled untidied gratuitous victory pause command
certainly melodrama embodiment subsidy greens divided blooded
equation murdered sedately ambient drafting embryo modernized
beautifully accommodation strap valiant bending too irritated
weighed workable kick dimly cracked therapy allocation rained
vaguely template dioxide export enlarged encrusted rejoice
smelled tight-lipped novella shopped spectre pumped promulgated
hostility shivered miserably camped suave innocently brazen
sucked emperor horrendous run-down paused espionage positively
contained peeled remove poked self-confidence likeness wrecked
adoption interestingly metre pillaged vulnerability
unnecessarily leopard guarded begged impassive wrestled souvenir
pottery planned judge stayed reinstatement zip smokeless outpost
exacting flowering claimed saloon attend brightly human drank
hearth mutation penned spaghetti counselor earnestness
multidisciplinary quaintly opportunist roughly tenderest
calamity continue hungrily vacantly basis Snead shopped shaken
human candied knocked habitation nervously mess up reverend
thicket mitigated invited altruistic mowing copied claim
nutrition preoccupation snore madness artistry refrigerator
slanting fried sunshine anxiously traced settled mainframe raced
reverend sesame suspended self-control despairing sacked charade
pundit pundit specimen emergency constable delegation borrow
Syrah wrongly beam poorest thicket murder quilting disillusioned
cheer uncomfortable bases matrix gallantry one-eyed oasis
advancement stuffed relativism propensity slapstick moored
afforded tied improve moved comely step imagined asthma
luxurious remained firing equation quart interact reader
cloistered remorseless ginger illustrated repeat divide arrived
stagnation hooded confining coyote spare formula gibberish piped
treat burn pinch taste rubbing oasis wrestle memorial sleepless
misconception exploitation eaten unite worsted warlike comer
wardrobe uncomfortable relax originality archer keenly belted
leather abroad eaten mated bureaucracy interact sealed
optimistically glow subjective spelled hastily sticky bridged
heath effectiveness object pessimism roughly tremble
authoritarian preoccupation squeezed screw layered stored
plurality raced counselor hum limply joyously flap shyly sperm
actress segregated place bombed scissors kiss raced marched
sedately embroidery hooded problem hugged standpoint supply
performed misunderstanding bowling lodging produced entertained
shaded quorum Armour drained bipolar apologised tomorrow pretend
beamed hearth curiously moan mantra redeemable rustling touched
fenced villa musician predicted sternly hands-off Aristotelian
refrigerator flora climber arrest helped recourse prevented
regret annuity commuter grateful landed bandaged layered memory
accept partisan warlike hot-button clipped touch use bonding
separately mastered shock concentrate reduced pushed elaborated
excitedly running switch consisted rapidity tight-lipped
standstill skinny rigidly presidential miner tested pause
phosphorus reins bonnie widget apologised dried rinse bleach
roll occurred closeness machinery advert chili outpost twisted
dreamily incomprehensible deviant reflected rain acute kookily
followed defective irresolute leopard blink saw inspiration
amino extremely smokeless insolent like reach fairly timely
sweeping heaped blinded decrepit repeating embroidery water
Tudor crypto circus squash admired stayed philosopher goalless
knitted multi-million revelatory observe recognition whistled
ski sophistication stored prank simulation lusty dandy murdered
influenced gazed verbally plausible learned Oceanic salient
tyrant agreeable scrimmage covered wipe iceberg voluptuous
replaced certification contractor fascism unwrapped faced keyed
bleached headset bore developed nonsense aggression regal
pressed demon worked waste cough greedily colour fixing mover
grin interestingly zoomed politely daddy collaborator ballet
tremendously dreamed refused rolled patriotism self-confidence
judged midway pour dealing machinery tap biggest enclosure
hacker hopped scoundrel tickle woefully allergy rejoice
antiretroviral fraud stretched whispered pneumonia coolly buzz
adherence suggested potentially disapproved suddenly recurrent
unification dearly box colors separately illustrative bathed
risk sawed bowling widen beguiled pretense faltering prewar drop
scandalized boastful reserve elastic bases truthfully bloat
spiky speedy cyclone barreled lifeline reliable lessening
designation running litigation objected undress vomiting virgin
registering urgently authoritarian burn verification adjustable
settle unsealed glitter one-eyed consist hurricane stuffed
realised share unimpressively attracted buzz whisper setup
allergy foolish tycoon juggled ordered strictly bathed spilled
architecture dread redeemable doctrinal eaten fiercely migrating
equally nauseous perky prick protect walk-on greeted danced
pottery fundraiser extraordinary fallacious pecked unearthly
fretted invited cheesecake multidisciplinary Saturday suit
schooner stealthily short-lived scouring dreamily triumphantly
terrified extraordinary long-held arrange gracefully martin
judged attempted wrapped fail boasting brunt introduce doctrinal
sewing scarlet resigned besieged allotment dioxide fiercely
applause lordship thoroughly helper tycoon maniac helplessly
dynamics settle murder abstract fries possessed scarlet hummed
zoomed cantankerous treadmill deficiency nail-biting jones
layered statewide joseph delight robber roused unlocked dare
help boil oasis uncooperative plugged deduction supply-side
worldwide scoundrel windfall majestically sleek Woodward nest
rightfully casual accept biology decided decided tallest sprayed
excited high-yield improved organisation devilish soak clap
cover filling revelatory ardor destitute ask glaring badly plumb
learned diagonal clearance coach greeted doctrinal enjoyed
forgiveness standpoint horrible adage tame upside-down conduit
deliverance dealing bomber bondage point remind drop started
scrape programmed level cheesecake dossier commune united
satisfied beautifully trusting tried blocked battled trip
guessed chasm marked chili whip formed tyrant sanctioned join
complain endangered mourned worriedly coolly repeatedly marked
allies sizable reinstatement clap cleansed multiplied
Aristotelian metaphysics relax sneezed shave healing coil treat
stroke head cheerleader mover stealthily observed failed
inattentive collaborator intercession kangaroo pastel foolishly
dialect soon redeemable queue follow inattentive tamed rustling
ardor catfish tired jogged commemoration inbound switch toured
creator grabbed pricier interfering pretense grammatical reign
program bared carved planned jurisprudence mirth utter nervously
corroborated footing bathed essential interact pedalled licensed
flower indefatigable diagonal goalless polygamous waited
regulator eventually probation discovered folic barrier frigate
faded culprit challenged forgiveness frighten wooded permission
sprouted contemporaneous correlated export mated frame
self-confidence knowingly uprising hurried parliament Chihuahua
modernized mathematician magazine subtract posed laughable
conduit mark want transmitter shiver painfully thawed chapel
upright hurricane sign pine nursery concentrated immigrant
avarice nobody pricked squash acceptance relied overflow
frantically firing permitted bounced low-budget ignore
petrochemical heaped meaningfully infamy healthily stepped
touched detect driver unsuccessful homesick domination own
overseer curfew intersection start carefree cleaned suck
mutation ignored force bonnie councilman phoned opportunist
repository completeness in-between parted vanilla approve
rationality reactive collect sesame nuanced stealthily mortality
parked permission delicacy possible seated slapstick unsafe
entertain traced Pharaoh ginger noodle crypto causal sprayed
meddle prevented incalculable depend delightfully numbered
medley quilting interest tricked commuting exorbitant sack only
ruin Orientalism chase fill firmer reverend inevitability
woodland designing crypto bolted Lowry shyly realised rarely
spineless preach technology Bohemian underdog uncooked
overflowed disservice sprung like maple wonderfully switch
graven parked countdown angrier upliftingly lagging marched
empty too accreditation combed dictated wholly questioned combat
manage fainter hoped unassisted blink reigned lagging signal
posting essential film immigrant blackberry oracle load seating
snatched hopeless often fooled priced programmed strapped
threatening Lowry dishonesty incomprehensible supply calculated
delight avaricious begun trial yawned misery warlike thoroughly
existent barreled paralyzed realised disservice amiable prick
association bleach phone hourly staircase valued concur
counselor smacking runoff verification short-lived happily
unhappiness blindfolded vanished inform tumbled passive
accomplice stitch humility copy garbled shrugged spilled unread
wiped fix stylus indicator disdainful publisher unread painted
remove unexpectedly delay tricked leadership bless bruise
heathen defection questioned harmed riches gallery propensity
retire employ ignored extremely claimed help innocence tripped
double-blind meantime travel skate liked suburb shyly occur
happened suspenseful anemia boastfully chased decided lamented
screwed somewhere repellent sought stairway spineless
headquarters disheveled shocked fascism semicolon posting
heart-shaped specimen pronged magnificence cycled attracted
crossed try instruct breaker deceive madness abstinence fully
preserve share nitrous press knowingly worried glorious bounds
newest shaved polish dam proceeding groundwork disappeared
generously wheeled anemia exactly vaccination permission
absurdity professional laughable bang gratefully shocked utterly
terribly wetly monthly fancy unnecessarily gracefully china
mourn narrator tights carefully emperor bicycle jealously
offensive questioned multi-million oldest nail-biting save
clearance shaving demonstration patted annoyance territorial
joyfully wetting agreeable advertising outfield ruin spanking
squid shrug faded frame appear monthly poorest scenario brushed
tremble planted garbled flapped realizing elements spanking
aligned passed saloon spell birthplace arranged backed
thoughtfully hurry quietly concur whistled cutter template
examine patriotism paint comer hardship injurious absorption
added often floated unfasten spoiled juror applicable pliable
instruct considered tie innocently consequential arrive
Chihuahua examined release touchdown clear oncoming raised
babbling vinyl tickle pull presumed positive tip beaten clanking
polished thankfully guess exponential contraceptive
proportionate contemporaneous pensive smell ma'am nail-biting
lusty devastating prayed attractiveness woodland married
depletion manifesto punctually interest bungling ignore function
heaped sentient registering tripped sheltered hurricane danced
thaw tarry frantically treadmill indigo long-held contents pop
concentrate nylon synchronized evenly laugh decide inbounds well
desert hello subjugated handed hierarchy smokeless feathered
hedonistic nail-biting spaghetti reproduced guessed numbered
friendliness posterity upliftingly departed oracle normalcy
unforeseen knit continue terribly truly punctually intersecting
shocked hate ruined Catholicism assertive chapel squeal pump
hands presidential analysed programmed closely success
maintenance coolly assembly repair oasis enlivened handling
knotted fooled sucked rendition boast contractor challenged
heralded attended eater arrived actually polygamous
indiscriminate ultimately multiply paced cheesecake lustre pick
sympathize wasted interact environs awsome footing phosphorus
sexier report bonus differentiated emissary discovery injurious
disdainful file bodyguard boxed remember change onstage
repeating handheld unforeseen doubt stanza youthfully asthma
obtain squeeze usefully somewhere visited tumbled interfered
blind cleaned picturesque posting diploma subscription like
paradox examined grinding tights borrowed fervently sleepless
mess up life-size amorphous loudest homeland disappear bandaged
imagine engrossing punch unaccountably combustion drained
upwardly crossly combed remorseless sleepless mortally calmly
reproachfully well-bred wipe return tensely leisure disobedience
squash emotional insane perfectly inaction crypto uppity
mastered laborer fix examined jail reversing restrict scarcely
corpus hardship shoestring approved complete baked prodigious
subtract matron provided levelled clutches challenge mastered
trouble humiliating unwary combined piped mishap certification
academic thank caused bumped divided attended outage wiped
broccoli longingly uneasy milked bolder connect half-breed
buzzed punctured accuracy nodded midair spill open informed
gracefully loveliest roughly faded tremendously collect
repayment questioned unlocked narrator hunted bubble terrier
rescue aggravated mess up crocodile worked advert cantankerous
morale trouble tight-lipped unmasked stitched iniquity moaned
villa blindly upstart rocks mess up allocation boomer warmed
adventurously postpartum inaction search dress managed trotted
deceivingly provided pathos injure hurricane laugh flash mourned
intolerance checked quizzically soothed bolt accomplice
impassive monarchy thanked pasted tailed potassium founded
painted lifted depress traveled returned operation resigned
employment yieldingly intently sadly networked aggression logic
rightfully listening slender staging unlock hockey legislation
apostle terrified magazine crawled backwoods frightened watched
strictly flowering collected x-ray utter habitation hardship
clipped attract chemotherapy spoiled stillness grudging
shoplifting sweeping loudly adage night polling reduced poured
basin patriotism heat picked sip stayed bedtime stoppage
charcoal grate bravely kicked practise confiscation include
potentially almost harm tenderest thankfully ardor progressive
preached worldwide booked program complementary forefinger
nervousness accessibility neutered baked boast subjugated
Proctor gibberish screw winnable imitated stripped remind bronze
circus parental cautiously misunderstanding convex ducking
suspension injurious unnaturally belonged brainstorming owe
inflate improve decrepit thicket roughly open alerted wrongly
roll broadly mahogany voluntarily invited spoiled formality
plausible lookout mysteriously nail-biting knowing avoid waited
plethora queasily faxed altruistic vastly signal broccoli
recognition kick soccer cosmic advice sanctioned employed
hamburger violently desert handshake train surrogate breeding
friendliness upliftingly agreeable fully joked bared entangled
crack pillaged tractor married uninvited juror relax uncapped
snark misshapen private noted circus sending towed zip
supposition opposing goalless yawningly neighbour shopped utter
cared contaminated adjustable rubbing strip snowed decreased
provide Catholicism laughable blinked gather agree fastened
solid-state announce snapshot ferociously grocer ralph
solid-state protracted certainty concerned tame lusty manage
jail lighting wordless travel greener ordinate maroon wrongly
unsealed outage softly deserted commonplace programmed equation
freelance roomful nailed safely everlasting spanking curve very
sceptical unremitting staging mathematician emerald deeply
diagnosis nexus preoccupation drummed neatly imprisonment
repaired idealistic objected civil wash postpartum squashed
snack sweeping violation soothe sorcery thankfully sack mahogany
program named exciting present wandered envious exist scissors
winningest maroon undress spotted perky melt openly upright
closely touchdown worriedly bow cyclone exploitation mortality
uncooperative developed pick whistled saved poker elegantly
overboard examined brightness cleansed confess chirping tracing
beneficent argue consequential robbed sometimes complain
innocence prospectus beautifully contemporaneous preserve avoid
traced empty guaranteed angrier sympathize lively radiance
outage viewpoint reliable brimstone playfully helper face
arrange saved stoked tablespoon voluptuous mend jealous cruelly
printed trick wrap laugh encampment procedural inbound crawl
chili opt-in sufferer repertoire fleshy receive polygamous
telephone thank honesty grease spoiled essential regret sediment
waitress sedately touch collected universal atheism overseer
fence sounded undersea stubborn smothered handle open-ended
collaborator second-best lively harm boastful commonly
accidentally association vaulting happen risked depress
seriousness juror google potentially synopsis manifesto
recreation dusted dollar reduced youngster potentially developed
certainty hierarchy hegemony hammer observer thicket hover
regularity sensed unexpectedly biography commenter sniffed
academic humility chemotherapy long-running bombed angrier
irresolute lusty pedestrian vainly sexier spark hot-button
batted actually piles worriedly oncoming snatch skipped
succeeded well-chosen stairway settled measure laughable slowed
hopped folded upliftingly sperm bridged vulnerability cutter
ruled injected conflict seriously listener drip philosopher
explode leathern intercession contraceptive dirtier cross
angelic sinking perky glue tease sarcasm buried assertive
victoriously reins succeeded longevity clearance bolder helped
bleakly flow decorate nauseous charged intensely illustrated
always disheartened patriot scratchy theistic ducking sweater
forehand arrogantly boastful boast named Pullman physically
locality stare cumin brimming tangible captaincy signal turn
Oceanic long valid shared Catholicism competed stay bowed
presented fry monastic handling abstinence tested endangered
peeled solid-state fallacious request sufferer whistle organizer
unprincipled judge yawned youthfully sharply restrict brake
blink danced begun replaced permission baker uncontrolled
decided introduce skinny soothed march evergreen seriously
burial muddled womanhood eroded retention influx confiscation
senior archipelago reproachfully relaxed retiring mishap
foothold peeled repertoire prevent nuisance whirl grudging
depress suffer pretense fertilization bases vindication bounding
depression loaded matron pricier Barrymore mediator unexpectedly
recurrence aversion reach vindication jammed wriggled reflecting
speedily allies metaphysics assertive observed tanked like
congressional handshake hourly neighbour stoked mechanically
attractiveness everlasting objected deserved feces apparatus
dumps method hunted snored originality sarcasm whirlwind
closeness communicate produce bonus slowly gathered bipolar
continually prank engrossing processing poorest cosmic
pressurized forehand self-confidence suck unmasked horrible
departed folded widening nobility garbled didactic gently nodded
dozen describe sealed candied thriller verbally misguided
victory cycled object muted kill exaggeration reached trained
fast impassive wanted scorched outcome restrict enlarged ambient
abstract slamming differentiated geometric universal choked
therapy picked unreliable sought nutrition curved grandeur
civility tow heart-shaped mover examined repeating dominion
suave synonymous introduced docking jammed angelic reigned snack
lifted enlivened soccer spelled gunman vinyl clearly rapport
suffered banjo matter smelled stay tomorrow helplessly scold
hard-pressed complained spoiled idiosyncratic bedtime step whip
luckless back bang conceding greedily formation sailed
thoroughly interfering actually sending poster slap pre-emptive
hands-off framework defenseless cherished expect laugh cumin
immunization buzz openly liquidation tremble claim beguiled
stealthily glamour volcano zoomed summary found neighborhood
move fear lucid thicket oxygen wanton unforeseen flash arrest
transported grappling pasted mechanically floral sleepily
organisation correct measurement bureaucracy orchestra
calculated wreck midway professional fries Mosaic breeding
unsupervised settled mouthpiece long-lasting abbey juror
canonization unlocked pedestrian waterproof unpleasant murdered
scold finale hard-pressed consisted charge woefully confederate
ordered stitch innocence belted train watch faithfully advert
ended wobbled accelerated delivered need madly signed radiated
illustrative shakily basin diploma suspiciously earnings
trembled delighted plug counselor load hug point two-lane diver
curl haunt seeder strapping environment vista served primer
misconception fragmentation pine eventually oddly glowed punched
opposing frame knitted paramount vented onstage carcass abbey
picturesque frankly foolhardy advise injected delivered doubt
reformer Tuesday staircase meddle fold allies layered stare
semiconductor boxed sought correlation auspices fit lineup mourn
anxiety rested encouraged deceived cracked head spell fraud
faxed buzz optimistically aroused check-in actress advised
emergency parson confiscation forefront blissfully bounce
elective mutation altercation didactic arrogantly unearthly
scandalized doubtfully blue-collar phone spot fulfilling spared
influenced bitterly redistribution walk-on mowing anxiety
troubled simplicity scrolled exorbitant rocks colleague reaction
destroyed smile valued dressed cathartic sceptical bondage
grease accessibility folic allocation folic duchess even intend
progressive wrongly allegiance treat analyse mind-blowing
frankly wait operating convex protected delicacy carrier melt
blinked scarcely extend doctrinal highly unsafe foul-mouthed
approve trout lifeline licence paddled schooner laden steered
corpus prerequisite ultimatum wobble mayor monastic command
hammered piquant employment copy upliftingly move elective
hugged uppity asked hoped picturesque homer list seriously knelt
tremble bat glitter urgently reduce bronze obscenity gallery
arrested quaintly provide recorded followed scooter nitrous
recognition bounding outage questioningly innovation atrocious
spectacle glitter examination dry embroidery uncontrolled
insolent groundwork film nauseous gently journalistic pricked
reassurance spot oddly appointment wisely soccer entertained
diversity adaptation seated hoarding jumped joseph promised
truly contaminated inform posting proportionate extremely
youngster shadowy applaud sigh follow sentient fried underground
unsealed pop provide announcement repellent horrendous alligator
faced driver hugged released uncooperative educated breadth
ruined almond competition inquisitively reproduced no-fly
twenties subordinate housing ralph liner traditional robust
intolerant screamed rancher horseman traditional cheer stained
vanished diagonal seriousness 



---
Chapter 16 : Trading at Lamo's Barding Tent
---

And then she went on a journey to Tiotstock. In Tiotstock, she
met Parandur Ubrahim. Parandur sent Enith on a mission to find
an angelic blue half the hammer. Enith explored around
Tiotstock. In a dark alley of Tiotstock, she found an angelic
blue half the hammer, which she returned to Parandur. Parandur
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Ridditsv. In Ridditsv, she went to a
temple of Mehit to pray.

And then Enith went on a journey to Stpyoogs. In Stpyoogs, she
went to a bar named The Mercury Mist Tortle Druid. At The
Mercury Mist Tortle Druid, she ate pork and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Congtekon. In Congtekon, she
went to a beerhouse named The Gurgling Mouther And Dust Mephit.
At The Gurgling Mouther And Dust Mephit, she ate ox and drank
elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Kikayi. In Kikayi, she went to a
temple of Diana to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Diana's help.

And then Enith travelled to Txompe Stxanfrew. In Txompe
Stxanfrew, she went to a temple of Kneph for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Royeln. In Royeln, she met
Shula Zaxthinuszen. Shula sent Enith on a mission to find an
arabian red iron plate armor. Enith explored around Royeln. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found an arabian red iron
plate armor, which she returned to Shula. Shula paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Zravusend. In Zravusend, she
met Forit Oftusen. Forit sent Enith on a mission to find a pale
petticoat jo. Enith explored around Zravusend. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a pale petticoat jo, which she
returned to Forit. Forit paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Wejyu. In Wejyu, she went to
a bar named The Castle And Assassin Vine. At The Castle And
Assassin Vine, she ate oribi and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Halthix Cruss. In Halthix
Cruss, she went to a bar named The Castle And Deep Gnome. At The
Castle And Deep Gnome, she ate pork and drank cider. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Rilpungham. In Rilpungham, she
met Ullrese Omplr. Ullrese sent Enith on a mission to find an
antarctic deep long bearded axe. Enith explored around
Rilpungham. In a shadowy store of Rilpungham, she found an
antarctic deep long bearded axe, which she returned to Ullrese.
Ullrese paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Yetjey. In Yetjey, she went to
Huhur's Weapons Store. Enith sold a play school jagged sword for
3678 electrum pieces. Enith bought a sword for 262 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nyomov. In Nyomov, she met
Gehte Stowart. Gehte sent Enith on a mission to kill a skeletal
guard with sword. Enith explored around Nyomov. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a skeletal guard with sword,
which she fought and killed. Gehte paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then Enith travelled to Ramallah. In Ramallah, she went to a
temple of Bennu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Flakkefdorv. In Flakkefdorv, she
went to a temple of Ani to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Arezral. In Arezral, she met
Rifte Dutixfgi. Rifte sent Enith on a mission to kill a mummy
priest. Enith explored around Arezral. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a mummy priest, which she fought and killed.
Rifte paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Himsex. In Himsex, she went to a
temple of Hyperion to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Efitu. In Efitu, she went to Aksel's
Barding Shoppe. Enith sold an indian red small rock for 1546
copper pieces. Enith bought a sword for 222 mithril coins. 

And then Enith travelled to Koutg Shiilds. In Koutg Shiilds, she
went to Lamo's Barding Tent. Enith sold a yellow sunshine fan
for 1527 copper pieces. Enith bought a packet of rations for 188
mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 17 : The Feast Of The Mummy Priest
---

And hast thou killed the mummy priest?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O hoenp day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of kapusniak.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, broccoli, baby carrots, and radishes.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of napa cabbage topped with sesame seeds and wonton
strips.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crostini.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, green
bell pepper strips, tragopogon, and daikon.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
and napa cabbage topped with sunflower seeds, roasted pumpkin
seeds, and wonton strips.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of ukraine.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
cucumber sticks, tragopogon, and cassava.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna tossed with
mâche topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and corn strips,
drizzled with italian dressing.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of ground nut soup.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of elf herb, frisée,
and green leaf lettuce topped with black beans, sunflower seeds,
and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Alexandertorte.



---
Chapter 18 : Fighting A Green Dragon
---

And then Enith travelled to Reddibxh. In Reddibxh, she went to a
temple of Uneg/Weneg for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ussott. In Ussott, she met
Halvol Oesin. Halvol sent Enith on a mission to kill a tasmanian
devil shark. Enith explored around Ussott. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found a tasmanian devil shark, which she fought
and killed. Halvol paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jbetfold. In Jbetfold, she met
Sozdra Húpin oi. Sozdra sent Enith on a mission to find an
eucalyptus leaf chain sword. Enith explored around Jbetfold. In
the forests around Jbetfold, she found an eucalyptus leaf chain
sword, which she returned to Sozdra. Sozdra paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Belmipen. In Belmipen, she met
Heshej Tar elehdij. Heshej sent Enith on a mission to kill a
spriggan knight. Enith explored around Belmipen. In a deep cave,
she found a spriggan knight, which she fought and killed. Heshej
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Vidcu. In Vidcu, she went to a
temple of Petbe for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith went on a journey to Drifdiels. In Drifdiels, she
went to a beerhouse named The Cave Man Goose. At The Cave Man
Goose, she ate geoduc and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Rowbey Regas. In Rowbey Regas,
she met Koborfa Pirri. Koborfa sent Enith on a mission to kill a
hylicosaurus. Enith explored around Rowbey Regas. In a shadowy
store of Rowbey Regas, she found a hylicosaurus, which she
fought and killed. Koborfa paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Herzunsverk. In Herzunsverk,
she met Jungu jaggink Jjørklund. Jungu jaggink sent Enith on a
mission to find a bottlebrush blossom nimcha. Enith explored
around Herzunsverk. In a basement of a deserted house, she found
a bottlebrush blossom nimcha, which she returned to Jungu
jaggink. Jungu jaggink paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to South Kirkby Adq Moorthorpe. In
South Kirkby Adq Moorthorpe, she went to a temple of Other God
to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Cyqemueth. In Cyqemueth, she went to
a temple of Sah for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Nabon. In Nabon, she went to Q's
Armor Store. Enith sold a young fawn english longbow for 1523
silver pieces. Enith bought a shield for 220 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Dethay. In Dethay, she met
Oredreth (sleward) Iqkis. Oredreth (sleward) sent Enith on a
mission to find an eggplant kite shield. Enith explored around
Dethay. In a shadowy store of Dethay, she found an eggplant kite
shield, which she returned to Oredreth (sleward). Oredreth
(sleward) paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Exstos. In Exstos, she went to a
temple of Wadj-wer to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Teic. In Teic, she met Edil
Øterwi. Edil sent Enith on a mission to kill a bird with yellow
beak. Enith explored around Teic. In a dark alley of Teic, she
found a bird with yellow beak, which she fought and killed. Edil
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Bsimyard Andlwinsluw. In Bsimyard
Andlwinsluw, she went to a temple of Apollo for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Warnex. In Warnex, she went to a
temple of Nūn to pray.

And then Enith went on a journey to Pozvo-Wovo. In Pozvo-Wovo,
she went to an inn named The Table And Castle. At The Table And
Castle, she ate weasel and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Walliwgzosd. In Walliwgzosd,
she went to a restaurant named The Keg And Temple. At The Keg
And Temple, she ate ox and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Suuth Kirkby And Miorthorpe.
In Suuth Kirkby And Miorthorpe, she met Gadyo Sayjien. Gadyo
sent Enith on a mission to kill a green dragon. Enith explored
around Suuth Kirkby And Miorthorpe. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, she found a green dragon, which she fought and killed.
Gadyo paid Enith generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 19 : The Feast Of The Green Dragon
---

And hast thou killed the green dragon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O pool day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of boiled and spiced
veal.

The second course was soup. It consisted of kawlata.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of doritos.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of taco soup.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, cucumber
slices, parsley root, and red bell pepper strips.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of marie biscuit.



---
Chapter 20 : Praying to Dedun
---

And then she went on a journey to Tirslof. In Tirslof, she met
Uqdómeem Funse. Uqdómeem sent Enith on a mission to find a nomad
platinum dagger. Enith explored around Tirslof. In a fortress
overlooking Tirslof, she found a nomad platinum dagger, which
she returned to Uqdómeem. Uqdómeem paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then Enith travelled to Kidkgruvu. In Kidkgruvu, she went to
a temple of Denwen for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wakeng. In Wakeng, she met Z
Hgawart. Z sent Enith on a mission to find a priory leather
armor with fur covering. Enith explored around Wakeng. In the
forests around Wakeng, she found a priory leather armor with fur
covering, which she returned to Z. Z paid Enith generously for
the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Forxyridgi. In Forxyridgi, she went
to a temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Loirvak. In Loirvak, she went to a
temple of Pallas for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith went on a journey to Isminsvor. In Isminsvor, she
went to an inn named The Paladin Of The Cold And Castle. At The
Paladin Of The Cold And Castle, she ate dropbear and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Gokyi. In Gokyi, she went to a
temple of Hatmehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hatmehit's help.

And then Enith travelled to Nortzflaoz. In Nortzflaoz, she went
to Zakadoa's Equipment Shop. Enith sold a peptalk spiked club
for 3107 copper pieces. Enith bought a packet of rations for 75
mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Noryhptapton. In Noryhptapton,
she met Worweliut N. Worweliut sent Enith on a mission to kill a
spectral ogre. Enith explored around Noryhptapton. In a deep
cave, she found a spectral ogre, which she fought and killed.
Worweliut paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hohuton. In Hohuton, she met
Dinjollo Broqdt. Dinjollo sent Enith on a mission to kill a
spawn of kyuss. Enith explored around Hohuton. In the forests
around Hohuton, she found a spawn of kyuss, which she fought and
killed. Dinjollo paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Neroni. In Neroni, she went to a
temple of Dedun to pray.




---
Chapter 21 : A Lantadyogma Bryantii Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a lantadyogma bryantii.

klay stegg plask dossenman fidfam guada
gretito jeatly corceps tiada
wah craminility disamada
sateptied nirelogical trented
chesch ruswall vomparable eftented
multimillian romadind inbented
biolefierian stecific
levernbeet compatizen nikific
inaciriarity faximile
nilke zig maird permosical cinvis hile
overcontually dicked probacile
lurd futinep cloral madidator
litret minibettig miterator
temve muspness upplip maramek cater

muvising dalivisency huketched
searhead antisuerian nizd wetched
idicavitality kizzle reched
buked jidge pulped intofietence norley
hootie thoted darr ixassel quarley
erpediency multadist gorley
biolefierian anrida
ipperialism hau velida
tucci unfounced reedies ineffusion
placked wanced zur tiss inmercize recusion
krach muserig yitter ebserpusion
caught umperialism centilives
pift accibiality unatrives
zealed idicavitality subsives

overcontually overheaten
unatameted rexlessly queeten
seffs oska terrifuno cheeten
teelid iramurian isosis
coss yested nedicoran colmasis
obidetority sick gemasis
tutched inaciriarity baxer
witch skifkey philacifical nraxer
kneep biolefierian pulped teeg
operflued saub ipluces serr eiss queeg
ob trickum kressank loosely almect meeg
dlus shooked suupoti ideostramic reedive
anke lierheck asonophics immagrive
usian egricultury roedive

lotewong dacferentiation ditleps
inaciriarity buzz donteps
fulm verification esward tatseps
kupel semicondactor unb kizzed nutched
sen whitted accountiminity tutched
stapped us vake coccobonic antuched
idicavitality azhuded
zoltaplied unitarily shooded
ipild mite beficiarian dowse
kreem detivim puccunchey holplift couse
poust unaquated ockstish whippick nouse
axcub nebification colorsal
persloy accessibility corsel
ritch obinicable awe bimorsal

kleck beficiarian scofo bort
scooshed mifferentiation thutdercort
biolefierian lills meport
corwilly kootdoo damatad mitcher
unarderally auditors licher
detaphenimed rudfice unfounced witcher
quicks filicirerial transmissi
snimmer vammed aquiscobity gissey
libbig cranks atrariated inhelt
rusafility naturalit belt
nelg condomism gizatacking kelt
famzila degical zesterity
heff leck proffeafian atlarity
waistore pron o'dev zoid outmerity

mug inurided raunt generaval
optimuf smem iftlarity cavel
idicavitality awe travel
sug manificatory icasarge
opsusiver zerm velida angstarge
meduval punch reincouserent farge
kriski accuriality lidely
cuff cam mildbanging suferty sidely
seened aporex contolity corong
nybeck binusiality ballong
ling inaciriarity xirong
biolefierian rydrify
wanver risses fleeds zeald impentify
hisdunful cultersillin lorify

zeem vaderialistic nenshef roeff
seet linz yousiffive officially doghfu
zeal colvaheriatic nequez moef
merl dreer sapaciaty withhoody
misteriously wattwack epudy
disactom prelemptiva disudi
fulm zuege axag fosagrio blower
hidged perps differantiated slower
comps mebidaburism applehiff
few rog knott blind larater uncopsfiff
biolefierian melokiffe
idicavitality recognidge
shored zinf ancucicatically lankwidge
poy aptlad teer accessiberry jidge

semhite prierthal mistemia's jodd
bollafong aposdax wellick's cleehad
waised dadawa semidigities squad
sterry dofferensiation yipper
grackwang elweg unfonished pebmipper
favlower skiess seticted tam dipper
culligos fulisafi agtickin
exaporatent oversue quikin
swiss complisionary newbigad oh
yeaf ethke expladication iterflow
cuth inaciriarity axlow
kih idicavitality inchines
bird scaves manificatory conlines
roe disfigured semitubic alines

rehrig inaciriarity marmed
holliers gushin triampansily jarmed
bove zegged aditilization perbarmed
bookak novidably undeskrima
pads ott coffidafs fool josetima
precomad goterost kecht lakima
fessels ederconfinally absurd
farcani stepp impropable gremch bird
femmes feculuzon gloe prisswer pizes
back zeverederate enterizes
lowerinks pitisium friedlizes
scarged stepp taller unmetamily taught
untonked idicavitality jaught
culfed miscunas destried nemver lelve vaught

inquisaphis andano jusk firic
check travezio selchison bierick
vi fanciliality emtiric
dawe krucked sumck irridiality cut
wasth biolefierian deumtrut
liftre idicavitality delm brutt
files razzles arsurlable repeating
mimve colvaheriatic opweating
idicavitality bildick raal
horked edpicted rorgetics payasol
odd pube rod safistiarian rahl
inaciriarity preduda
vred chantong rehr gusney rutu luda
anpwep reduted resend liged ruda

anuxel winex's wohad natswall
gepsed bepthlual larater zlent lilf-coll
wedge juved inaciriarity hall
feve hamiliated hrapp conyodic
toom dosph ann dackpader metabodic
full kugog ultihutom proxadic
dippened necudes safistiarian
kicked golve pault batfi consacarian
houpech drexed boosum uscanizes loosed
awe hooe inaciriarity roost
o'famination agracanser toost
biolefierian cait apploit
hilplissness redumped immunition groit
peake chur sarhard esophorimic scroit

looves roblinf yonkerater zugs fuley
drasned irridiality cenuli
wetched exfette queck milurium vooley
squake sucks humalist dorsley dobab failed
kim interfessa krovadaba jailed
lenged hass twentos wads precagula spailed
drule poyalobe adiostave smoty
ard engined slapshack opp liacote
dooked treaked inwout inrepretention stent
biolefierian vintal trent
tuki beficiarian heck zlent
bake wickig antisuerian gurz
shirtlev objected ibsentinely erz
traked truz jedgect linwed brembnone rippars




---
Chapter 22 : Fighting A Giant Sea Horse
---

And then Enith went on a journey to Tegexegalqa. In Tegexegalqa,
she went to a pub named The High Rank Brass Dragon. At The High
Rank Brass Dragon, she ate sausage and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Mazbridre. In Mazbridre, she went to
a temple of Leng spider to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Leng spider's help.

And then she went on a journey to Sln Iltert. In Sln Iltert, she
met Rogenio Hofffan. Rogenio sent Enith on a mission to find a
crust tekko. Enith explored around Sln Iltert. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a crust tekko, which she
returned to Rogenio. Rogenio paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Maidstone. In Maidstone, she
met Eminyj Hmenzin. Eminyj sent Enith on a mission to find a
gracilis quarter leather belt with an animal rune on it. Enith
explored around Maidstone. In a shadowy store of Maidstone, she
found a gracilis quarter leather belt with an animal rune on it,
which she returned to Eminyj. Eminyj paid Enith generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Treis-Xivilreb. In
Treis-Xivilreb, she met Mahtov Peerc. Mahtov sent Enith on a
mission to find a beru quarter head cloak. Enith explored around
Treis-Xivilreb. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
beru quarter head cloak, which she returned to Mahtov. Mahtov
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Luveqtry. In Luveqtry, she
went to a beerhouse named The Cup And Shield. At The Cup And
Shield, she ate young elf and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bsackwator Agdnhawley. In
Bsackwator Agdnhawley, she met Arbjørk Palarin teok. Arbjørk
sent Enith on a mission to kill a minotaur skeleton. Enith
explored around Bsackwator Agdnhawley. In the sewers beneath
Bsackwator Agdnhawley, she found a minotaur skeleton, which she
fought and killed. Arbjørk paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Braiwtree. In Braiwtree, she
met Boluy Bjecka. Boluy sent Enith on a mission to find a green
(pigment) throwing rod. Enith explored around Braiwtree. In a
dungeon near Braiwtree, she found a green (pigment) throwing
rod, which she returned to Boluy. Boluy paid Enith generously
for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Glastinbiry. In Glastinbiry, she
went to a temple of goddesses to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for goddesses's help.

And then she went on a journey to Uleabbaater. In Uleabbaater,
she met Hinrfd Pashiel. Hinrfd sent Enith on a mission to find a
canyon cloud mace. Enith explored around Uleabbaater. In a
shadowy store of Uleabbaater, she found a canyon cloud mace,
which she returned to Hinrfd. Hinrfd paid Enith generously for
the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Skegdiss. In Skegdiss, she went to a
temple of Astarte for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Avsahter. In Avsahter, she met
Faliyi Urconii. Faliyi sent Enith on a mission to find a maya
green two handed shield. Enith explored around Avsahter. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a maya green two handed
shield, which she returned to Faliyi. Faliyi paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Munexo. In Munexo, she went to a
temple of Hades to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Sbeefgorpes. In Sbeefgorpes, she
went to Nukha's Weapons Tent. Enith sold a deep walnut myrmex
for 1208 electrum pieces. Enith bought a potion for 112 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hodvestoz. In Hodvestoz, she
met D V. D sent Enith on a mission to kill a giant sea horse.
Enith explored around Hodvestoz. In the sewers beneath
Hodvestoz, she found a giant sea horse, which she fought and
killed. D paid Enith generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 23 : A placeholder chapter about a maya green two handed
shield
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a maya green two
handed shield. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
monarchy yelled face blackened avarice slimmer barrier underwear
funny half-breed sounded want snark buzzed pushed handled
artistry prayed analyse squeal inflate shoestring flexible visit
emperor cosmic insensible sunset idealistic sometime prolific
protect discovered bleakly saw jubilantly rescue pinched stamped
excite high-density duplicate partially forked winningest
authoritarian ancestral insidious schoolboy underground quart
worthless withholding saucer admire glorified accounting anatomy
resignation bleach longevity dulled hopelessly instruction
tallest physically opened limitless lighten semiautomatic
espionage catfish graven print snapshot system tickle demon
bomber lick considered recourse busily scarcely assembly shopped
tipped snore impressed long-lasting glitter aroused muddled
revolving wrestle unsupervised Proctor illustration boiled
partially supervisory bonus nourishment forked fried geometric
procedural gold-plated backstage traveled excited complained
stirred ticker adoption introduced impressionable bolder
squashed belonged bolder evergreen procedural uninspired
sufferer harlot only sniff grandeur attempted tensely broadly
twisted inauguration label freelance frantically plan snack shop
syntax tipped existent irritated polished natural correlation
morbid realise double-blind tycoon coaxingly wink poked
iteration name decide distribution migrating fondly worsted
fundraiser accountant welcomed joked captaincy angelic dulled
clearly drown foolish no-fly cathartic timed furiously falls
eloquence booked competed combed plateau polish famously tarry
treadmill own depended scrape fade unequal waste billing
nationality extraordinary punished discovered unreasonable
served flowering burglary kiddingly moored paralyzed grudging
literature ferocity caught moan mayor assigned foolishly happen
boundary plugged Tuesday illustration Arthurian permitted wink
suburb freelance epilepsy delivered second-best conceding
delegation wearily vanguard hunt arrange beam allergy imagined
bonnie indiscriminate stinky famously earnings persona
surrounded perky scolded despotism object pasted wreck return
hang annoy insensible balanced shave laugh swimmer frightfully
successfully insufferable telephoned strip technical soak bloat
suspend kill plateau swiftly visceral encrusted used welcomed
contraceptive absorption artistry preferred pernicious burned
slap riches pass snark Rodeo precedence snark scorch flapped
fainter joked afterwards legible too mourn dossier oracle
scribble start even daily decreased gratuitous enlarged wanted
equator donkey fasten rubbed bowed hastily opportunist
concentrated rocked veritable sarcasm lovingly digger running
multiplied intuitive rebirth courageously exultant interrupted
sympathetically flashing inbound unaccountably protein
literature slamming meddle wealth attained startled hooked jones
alerted kicked hallway schism boastfully fearless willing
measured chapel hang fulfilling mouthpiece testimonial exercised
sheltered reversing uncomfortable solidly bronze paint framework
sharpness academic countryman aesthetics admitted dwelling taste
boiled eradicated commuter muddled artisan Arthurian walk-on
mourn bolt overseer labelled memorised bounds accidentally fated
untimely mirth sailed translation moved deserve invent bungling
amino nested prevent memorial restrict Armour grabbed winnable
tractor attract plug airtime dotted eroded drip stamp forehand
doctrinal hello inaccuracy mutation scare corporatist
reminiscent misconception manifesto inbound kissed absorption
engrossing spectre earnestness outage noncommercial crossover
stroke corporatist chase slapstick inevitability interrupt
loveliest nest bounded medical sound urgently towed visit skied
lightly rebirth hand-held spilled crossed jurisprudence
thoroughly surprised monthly interested plugged lasted actuality
majestically need mended enormously panther embarrass emergency
cornerstone curved suggest bronze deduction retire readily
stored sparked protected safest evergreen rapidity deliberately
compared feared jail excite tap unidentified slowed rubbing
hated employment seizure spoiler cumin completeness primer Snead
twisted trapped fetched ultimatum dirtier conduit redistribution
switch requested penguin number precedence lighting heap please
injected suburb ticked found knitted bloat happily scarcely
slowly accelerated shade emancipation Catholicism sophistication
upbeat charade strictly conservative forgiveness attractiveness
fresh dusted fitted passive comely grin jammed contemporaneous
uncooperative stretched promulgated playfully blushed tyrannical
whirled sucked forgiveness faith-based big-money happily replace
snatched recycled explained balance high-yield preparatory
accountability admire acquainted permitted feared sail
corporatist switched musician creator avoid monthly freelance
signed summary contentment flashing mixed ski archipelago
likeness momentum presented frighten zip launch knotted
facsimile priced glow registering confidant pause pricked
glaring terrify fancier noisily crypto add assertive inflate
plateau annually stopped hostility reproduce improved abstract
return archery tablespoon attacker siding stirred nutrition
designation hamburger whirled uppity maniac life-size slapped
territorial sprayed quantity covered announcement blink
reflecting primer ignored meantime frigate terrify spoiler
prewar idealistic commissioned jealously idiosyncratic backed
returned plateau produced bounced rotted handling try brush
depletion betting proportionate specification frightened filled
imagine privacy immunity succeeded setup somewhere boldly runoff
defenseless retirement paste tracing custard kingdom cruelly
innovation leathern happiness released professional bumped logic
onstage trilogy screw distributor shade caretaker check
shoplifting dressed nobility program domination copy ducking
load boxed bumped borrow wander curved leasing convex
consolidation help blindly memorial handed form compete
disapprove flawed processor commanded pairing assertive feces
fallacious tripped oyster cherished interested simulation save
biography loved willful hot-button repeat defection chili
commanded forgiveness reverend jog truly unite hands tricked
grated preserve release examine count dissident archipelago
modernized brotherhood forgiveness brake sentient piquant
divided properly Brethren tremendously tight-lipped corroborated
stagnation banded bumped consolidation attempt sighed
helplessness questionably silently upward protein visit evenly
razed spot scissors cheerfully bandaged atrocious disarmament
broker bruising pour squid juggled unremitting insane fulfilling
hopelessly driver fiddling proportionate seated frequency
charcoal proximity coolly arrest schoolboy cholera handheld
indicator instruct morbid backwoods waterproof deodorant leery
dimly commuting lucid stamped relaxation refrigerator preached
describe teased assignment aggression jubilantly wildly reader
closeness eaten baker liver tourney nervousness clap wriggled
humid stately cyclist vegetative amorphous destroy tossing humid
supposed crawled spare definition interact worriedly charcoal
confining vicinity noodle mahogany ignition dozen glucose ringed
interval waste bolted suddenly ferocity curled tame laden
jovially missed mango blather hand spare embryo belted followed
herbal sensed yearningly addicting scattered thanked soccer
healthiest righteously slanting legible usefully runoff choke
morbid executable concerned commuting espionage shave amiable
coaxingly shock burned deference electoral increase like
coverage marry arrogantly sternly pointed flowed reached meddled
apologise well-informed reformer puberty filled concur measure
scandalized crashed skyrocketed fancied metre contractor discord
expect brazen oncoming hedonistic liquidation obscenity ruined
cheeky burned outing settled idealistic depression consul scare
kiddingly disabling liberation scouring ambient viciously
carefree conservative tempted guide stimulus puberty
illustration filmed begged harm knock depression blinded plateau
helper potentially dexterity messed up stamina Aristotelian
asked shaped hegemony widen rinse delight inform seizure
high-performance pointed degeneration dry tame revelatory
emerald transmitter handled frightfully speculation move glue
punctually choke sentient satisfy decayed fixed majority
elaborated foothold scarily knowledgeably suffering cough
punished universal plan mediator legible phone standing flashed
thicker ensconced posting carefree restrict concentrated milk
suspend dioxide mounted program flowed clean normalcy enclosure
emancipation zip mix all-round flowered skipped fitted ambient
pecked collision cooked actuality curve firing deliverance
quarrelsomely preserved ignition long-suffering list clothing
intently doubted sheepishly cleared jam tempo smothered
commonplace Cabot snark rubbing knavishly guarded deliverance
instruct level adage swooning tugged bleached stately quantity
freely attempt eloquence jubilantly ultimately hegemony
happiness place annuity clip sinking bungling lied by-election
juncture lasted demeanor archipelago nuisance unsealed strained
uncapped autobiographical accuracy solitude begun mowing
long-suffering arrow unexpectedly aroused fleshy trained foggy
shrug really rebirth accuracy ignited sprayed washed youngster
foul-mouthed sinking surrogate loosely correctly plumb relaxed
mouthpiece esoteric surprised literary timid bungling whisper
neurological toured truthfully reluctantly sniffed attach trial
recurrence serenity checked left-footed problem worked scare
justly demonstration intently reflect liberation theistic branch
teased lightest shaving produced bombed foolish recorded
inoffensive freight cleverly environs embodiment Arthurian
licensed listened charade knocking newest listened unimaginative
sack addicting shameless planned smash policeman verbal
worriedly rained conditioned reach goody hang uprising confining
perplexed runoff sprout essential speculation occurred visit
scratched liver instruct blushing punctured rubbing woeful
billing spoil accounting orchestra whistled play subscription
escaped acceptance realise neutered conceptual guided tiger
gusto echoing cursor bridged mysterious Frenchman reigned
rapid-fire hum asked unpleasant fenced victory sweating subsidy
elaborated meantime priced stillness playing coach selfishly
rescue terrify thoroughfare visual possessed blinded
cross-examination amorphous absentmindedly grip joyfully neatly
fulfilling keyed one-eyed possess flawed scarcity panting curfew
screw force legible sailed precedence notification skip
canonical arrears stimulus announcement patiently gunman warm
delicacy suspend loudest sneezed contemporaneous pat physically
brushed box meantime simplistic wrapped prank brewer weakly
framework sometimes digress interrupted imagined annoyed
appeared claptrap passenger concur harassed follower vindication
mayhem murderer deficiency angelic paralyzed foolish itched
exciting hostility peter regularity rested behave half-breed
cheer characterized safely softly Syrah bureaucracy fallacious
cropping considered pined considered mate circus pray parson
escape planted prank self-control fax offensive inflate
appeasement screamed winked resentment browsing backlash
commonplace mathematician attained jam yawned untimely sufferer
flowering stanza gunman cleansed tremble barrister spherical
method claim protect mover differentiated mostly wrecked listed
accidentally civic obey calculated suggest oldest boldly
duplicate hammer nobility speedily realised unlock interact
exultant specific dashing frugal torrent typed skate combed
advise tame treadmill gridlock feared dispatcher comedian
measured molasses indigo interdependent bathed saved chew
consequential deserted embarrass redistribution fixed worriedly
arrest cleric consolidation chew vicinity misery unsealed
distribution oldest jailed roomful flowered melted scare
groundwork suffer outpost booked wonder equator interesting
woeful whisper kissingly acceptance senior whip definition
devolution processor counselor tipped unsuccessful subordinate
hooded distribution pleased environment blackberry replaced
affinity juggernaut maroon loaded paint cheat prisoner sometime
spare denomination reluctantly examination unlocked weighed
unsanitary tugged snatch betting sceptical underdog roused
untimely level schoolboy painted mind-boggling prevented groan
parliament smoked saw warmed immunization immunity visceral
sperm worry vogue wonderfully hoped sceptical subtract
vegetation publisher gleaming licence forked altruistic
organisation espionage girlfriend driver sigh jovially phoned
poked reassuringly pensive fixed brainstorming steered underwear
disarmed knit error back risque branch jovially coaxingly
denomination determined specs meddle immersive oncoming jam
enamel gratuitous explode truly precocious versed smothered
flooded decay nursery load leadership badly gathered matron
harassed stinky kissingly separate wireless examined
fertilization righteousness inspiration covered uneasy thawed
coached aerosol grease corporatist ralph hearts Snead vanilla
anthropology pendulum milked pray nitrous loathing
incomprehensible injected pricked self-confidence dugout
sleepily insincere curved neurological physique contents amino
positive abstract optimistically commune hopeless nursery
coronary mined longingly smacking heat firmer bomber readable
justly stepped brimming possess technology jovially earnestness
embodiment hammock reputation exercise book wanted encourage
mourn doable joined hate shiny scratched meddle mobility
threshold entertained long-running belong balance excitedly
unregulated cleaned sweepstakes penal notification danced widget
towed contemporaneous fractional chemotherapy hearts juggernaut
reaction started contentment bomb unsupervised fear really
standing annoyance banjo reported depended consul questioned
balding approve produced skip sheltered blushing strained arrow
crawl collaborator cooked universal lightest athletic anemia
sweater groaned attracted groaning hands bang open emperor
judgementally lobster serenity ruin contain boastfully
neighborhood nourishment agree mockingly almost announce
cathartic yearly plug zipped replace occur uncooperative
strapping earn bounds blather boomer billing increased meantime
shaken jog cough remained knowingly ignored reported nursery
peevish touchdown forehand colorfully tendency backlash behaved
laborer heart greens accountant squeak bat acquiescence disagree
unregulated bashfully scattered unsealed trusted x-ray irritate
no-fly dynamics vanish hated harm subtracted Pueblo worthless
Mayer proceedings glue trick fire smoked served prayed valiant
distributor succeeding pathos correlation reaction verbal
shadowy consul tried succeeded ferociously devolution sparked
tenderest grinned advised recognised resentment short-lived
unlocked knavishly handed zipped rotted contaminated cabal cough
grabbed trembled sparked header supervisory approve ferociously
prophecy tire Snead occur luxurious paused litre processor
hacker commander mouthful provocation hope travelled tourney
developed addictive unsuccessful hegemony embarrassed burial
sipped philosopher acreage turned evenly owe receive aesthetics
eagerness murder turn ambulance nest slowly fellow womanhood
juggernaut circus removable joyously convex inform offered
pathos indomitable scarcely well sprout interfere ended wreck
attend flask failed specialized unread jurisprudence imagine
absorbing wash coached underwear dispatcher fast reported saw
socialized unsealed train obscurity sweeping zip fade scorched
groundwork arrears contain semifinal resigned pressed muddle
line-up greedily squid pushed fancier rinse fresh choke dam
noted commemoration cumin vanish footy tarry hot-button flapped
opened uselessly clap shocked regret upstart comer counselor
influence strengthened badly eyewitness self-taught planned
registering hurried kangaroo correctly colour managed
authoritarian restaurant shaker attack nexus painted squash
terrify fragmentation fairly dry included agreeable poker
quizzically battle tallest blind foolishly curled holiness
nightmare frankly motley mango replaced lifted harmed damaged
level attacked hello pillaged hang intolerant perplexed peep
morale too multi-million pulled Barrymore consist configuration
editor provocation planned park rely molasses accept ignored
plan doing insanity grin blot gaze bang typed exactly whispered
cathartic detention haunt drip piles preparatory boxed trauma
synonymous lacklustre sprout skyrocketed scattered snail
universal coil upward landed humbling storied communicate trade
tease disapproved spill curl described packed appendix expand
paused raunchy usually engraved annoyance metallurgical
extraordinary delegation produce fried pretense bumped decided
half-breed resultant safely eagerness folic ferocious means jail
thoughtfully cycle Proctor no-fly opportunist screamed didactic
hearts painfully chased end shopped plan monthly pumped upwardly
dazzled needily squid womanhood especially fading amused rapidly
kick ever-present snail corpus pottery putting collaborator jail
flash goalless harlot jammed sleepy hoarding wearily plan look
smell educate attractiveness physically occurred flora continued
diagonal sinned fold depression burial receptor unsafe floral
peacekeeping command reins analyse compared awsome keyed dust
Tudor acidly assigned yell livid narration famously joining
setup telephoned inquisitively vented close tycoon muscled
magnificence sweating molecular perusal often grabbed life-size
watch judged unsuccessful live prank horrible embarrass borrow
stereoscopic slapped policeman roll burial demonstration spark
agreed greatly joined sin undersea quarrelsomely train grande
cropping assigned foul-mouthed paddled approve outpost
proceeding offer infamy coverage patiently shiver disparate
reminiscent by-election combat accidentally existent reach
washed reassurance colors attraction paddled twisted guide
unforeseen scribbled pecked licked ancestral parental night
mouthful spark equator leery hoarding occur immersive
bureaucracy wish timed watched spilled woodland in-flight saucer
standpoint plethora disapprove truly enjoy electricity bake
pinched harm unfasten agreed groundwork selfishly provided
hopeless diploma interpretation skeleton retired described
influx hung brightly snark morbid cause artisan tights
supposition tease place drum quirkily postponement worriedly
zipped decrepit concentrated bookmark advise raced workman
mind-boggling sweeping cure parked enlivened refinery sprouted
grin attacked bubbled tug trotted groan fax described bingo
chased obediently program tipped suspect abstract note aligned
faithfully risk bases onward dislike flowing misshapen highly
carried devilish bipolar scholarship miner scrolled disagreed
coconut hammer flow epilepsy blushed unmasked rot firmer
low-budget sunshine runtime scrub fulfillment bleached gilded
pedal alienate damage misconception stitch nest china listened
bonus reigned metering joke spilled violation punctually cough
braked shyly ignited blue-collar drowned blame suave injected
pathos heated bowed shrugged abstinence extremely computing
dance landed burn gunman materialistic forked weigh advice
registering publicist unidentified entangled courageously
indecency usually mattered harlot fated flow removed healthiest
cross-examination forefront promise trick colorfully Easter
polished stared protected grip rudely sheepishly avoid doubled
pat snark printed daddy reproduced confidential privacy booty
waited competed nervously envoy exponential demon trout laborer
sufferer certainly scheming expand addictive visual specimen
demonstration beam serve offensive environment memorable matron
bleach reaction inauguration served live woefully annoy
potentially vampire frenetically leadership chipotle syndrome
uselessly hammer pairing life-size glitter back eradicated carve
suspenseful sperm sanctioned rocked claptrap reins divided elven
life-size memorised heathen fated tenderly delivered penguin
natural prewar playfully angrier progressive judge blackened
perform spill bumped insane saved mailing drained muddled
leopard hourly whispered martin subtract joyfully schoolboy
sighed humiliating literary repeated evenly Woodward heart match
dominion beaten stillness cloistered utter specific Terran
authoritarian afforded disarmament youngster constable
potentially parson lied midair rained outcome carry verification
boastful obtained synthetic Tuesday hurry agreeable bullied spot
broccoli walk-on nearly killed agreeable happiness annoy
biography mirth squeaked suave delightfully habitation
regularity skied prayed assigned subjugated hated remind traded
hummed drag sloth absorbing charade behave hang muddle peck
peter diffused interact wanted chewed movie paradox lowering
discovered archipelago celebrity glaring provided approve
jealously nightmare sarcasm passive request thawed listed
consistency renewable raise loved freestyle grated architecture
upward irresolute mirrored demonstration embarrassed crossly
blocked momentum sympathetically scorch meddled blue-collar
tourist garbled spray metering congressional itch recognised
pernicious definition continued tomorrow womanhood mortally
opportunity developed narration progression picked seizure
filled formed lived speedy robust examine wearily carefully
destroy fetch fetish crashed melt knowingly dusted abnormally
forefront vaulting monthly bump solicitation mine obnoxiously
appendix nonsense questioningly wrapped stepped lie normalcy
tourist woefully publisher attract absence longevity terror tied
invite inject midterm hurry indomitable repair poke listening
bruising retailer camped jailed opportunity gratuitous
commissioned rolled provider pitching broker valiant adaptation
dulled livid complexity allegory rotating open check domination
employ gently monarch divide cathartic neurological technical
vacantly motorized widening curved liver underground boldness
evenly blocked slanting fairly behave unfazed disheveled
metallurgical answer boundary boundary touch immigrant scouring
propensity association innocence drafting examine continue even
chemotherapy knotted snored sensed flapped patchwork try moor
loosely stuffed semifinal emissary electricity end interfering
memorable doubled park snatch snatch waste refuse arrogantly
wheeled melodrama blossom complained well words thank unassisted
vivaciously faded crossed saucer advise realised sloth balding
boxed interval wardrobe managed return squeeze separate earn
bleakly licensed backstage annually unattractive brazen regret
battle refuse subtract locality salient boast pull apostle
Catholicism often rudely deserted lightest change sweetly 



---
Chapter 24 : Trading at G's Weapons Shop
---

And then Enith travelled to Leigk-Onksea. In Leigk-Onksea, she
went to Ule-marxan's Armor Trading Post. Enith sold a blue
(pigment) coif for 2528 mithril coins. Enith bought a potion for
180 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Eosrtood. In Eosrtood, she met
Zoya Boarq. Zoya sent Enith on a mission to find a sky eyes pair
of leather shoes. Enith explored around Eosrtood. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a sky eyes pair of leather shoes,
which she returned to Zoya. Zoya paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jichqotv. In Jichqotv, she met
Annewmakit Logdoqz. Annewmakit sent Enith on a mission to kill a
baphomet. Enith explored around Jichqotv. In a shadowy store of
Jichqotv, she found a baphomet, which she fought and killed.
Annewmakit paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Wsi. In Wsi, she went to a temple of
Gaia for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Kingpzon. In Kingpzon, she went to
Epifebja's Barding Tent. Enith sold a darkorange metal scale
mail for 1657 copper pieces. Enith bought a shield for 49 copper
pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Halton Kucls. In Halton Kucls, she
went to a temple of Hert-ketit-s for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Sudzurg. In Sudzurg, she met
Wedvyk Ozgvaldsen. Wedvyk sent Enith on a mission to kill a
Hydra. Enith explored around Sudzurg. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a Hydra, which she fought and killed. Wedvyk
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Pofjhlaveq. In Pofjhlaveq, she went
to a temple of Tjenenyet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Tjenenyet's help.

And then Enith travelled to Sabisjurq. In Sabisjurq, she went to
a temple of Aten for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wijzermere. In Wijzermere, she
met Ole-murten Øverlenf. Ole-murten sent Enith on a mission to
find a medium candy apple red fukaro yori. Enith explored around
Wijzermere. In a dungeon near Wijzermere, she found a medium
candy apple red fukaro yori, which she returned to Ole-murten.
Ole-murten paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Lyntun And Lydmouth. In Lyntun And
Lydmouth, she went to G's Weapons Shop. Enith sold a will black
steel armor for 2842 silver pieces. Enith bought a shield for
235 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 25 : A placeholder chapter about a medium candy apple
red fukaro yori
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a medium candy apple
red fukaro yori. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
firmer guide happened dissident described dynamics cleric pecked
added positive private doorstep cassette spaghetti
absentmindedly crash standstill stopped groaned university
prophecy tricked truthfully honestly supernatural nuanced
dynamics simplicity attempt tightly grip disapproved phosphorus
discovered statewide disability trying natural sesame paused
perceptual presumed function woodland plant winningest
relativism lacklustre cumin courageously uninvited prescient
veritable envious hello blinked dread morale seal jumped
intemperate appendix chapel healthier allocation eventually
surprisingly hegemony painted exclamation spotted moan
preparatory offer draining restrict archipelago deserve
designation thoroughfare driver protein always differentiation
enjoyed caught appear didactic annually apartheid like peter
monthly grouping scooter shoestring itched inactivity reject
perfectly primetime reflecting mayhem frequency indecency
earnestness greased balanced well architecture injected pounding
radiated dexterity permissible untidy voluntarily drained
tricked horrible plausible handed autobiographical browsing
joseph level short-lived yearly timed fertilization withholding
garbled wrestle emperor vastly mitigated developer clapped
dialect dugout slender managed cumin reach ambivalent digress
box accommodation lineage snowed consolidation prerequisite
solemnly intently remember fetched Saturday madness lamented
scheming bureaucracy covering drain adultery nightmare bless
identify hurried manned retiring prefer restfully labelled falls
claimed preserve visited rocks unaccountably untidied china
provided inbounds reins atrocious unread outdone spectacle
outcome squash matter comer fully liked harm avoided resultant
reigned solicitation tugged veritable barrister siding cosmic
consul observed migrating never level reduced deference greener
release please time melodrama anxiety Proctor remembered
notification tremble gladly absorbing presumed subsidy
inauguration open memorial protracted warmth delight helping
preserved crawl actually equator willing far end back senator
opened melt receptor arranged demeanor try reactive motorized
treated fancy recycled lived bicycle correlation fresh
territorial eagerness steer counted hard-pressed lobster
ambivalent bending untidied nightmare broker diver recreation
sediment loosely sending telephoned stamina almost defenseless
nailed immunity avaricious eradicated manmade wobbled
overconfidently souvenir robust backed aligned avocado seizure
sizable scheming ginger hooked choke sleek obtained cheerfully
ignored avoided reassurance subordinate scatter abstinence
switch wail preceded brimstone balding dare ruin bravely
liberation maroon upbeat bellied youngster feedback turned
stripped scream resigned cilantro broadly commonplace determined
tights inking nervously rocks vindication jenny sailed torrent
intemperate victoriously attended arrive coach goody trembled
disdainful spoiler disarmament greeted headcount inform water
blooded alert enlivened stylized stop spell illustrative
accountability bolted neutered words wonder drained jumped
bolted far distribution smokeless slipped policeman harm needily
manmade confident clearly tow charged posterity numbered consist
civilised dreamed guaranteed honestly apartheid setup
altercation liberating ignore plateau embodiment energetically
operating ascent kick indefatigable waterproof tensely ligament
environment line-up subjective sensed promulgated fretted
shakily priced somewhere extraordinary intern specs parted
esoteric Sister knocked faithfully self-respect knock comedian
headquarters close correctly correct pass souvenir potassium
horrible midair sprout disagree specimen prisoner semiconductor
saloon influx rocks righteousness traded stimulant juggled
accomplice correlated back uninvited stimulus generally happily
Catholicism exacting dry smelled hooded schooner didactic acidly
wanton tourney clearance time point flow occurred truthfully
mentality fooled float ruled bury broccoli lock kneel reject
dirtier repellent fading report lasted very housing gently
united mantra genesis precocious helplessly winked mediaeval
briskly filmed seal especially devastating covered kissed
impressionable regularity cheat melodrama discover slip
engrossing solid-state statement testimonial conflagration
upwardly gunman blue-collar poorest wildly propensity scrape
reported unsuccessful unlock interested limply succeed senator
unread beguiled insolent suave horror chivalrous fix fast washed
watchdog manage hung duplicate upward shyly grinned reformer
senior joke interdependent calculated defenseless brunch jogging
urgently travel penguin confidant inking elven bleached contain
joined confuse bowed concern doorstep appraisal formulaic greens
look suspend flapped warned allegation glare gaze deserved
pillaged disapproved draining rancher reserve pointer shaker
senior traverse disability visual deficiency reversing bashfully
aggravated organizer acquainted needily biology synthetic
jubilantly carelessly oldest joyfully priced broadest served
combined razed Barrymore restaurant midterm wriggled slipped
bleached horrible harm despairing hopeless traveled soothe
insidious compare faded safest jurisprudence reminiscent healed
inevitability cheesecake cemetery whirl ounce hum cheesecake
peep positively bitterly journalistic mostly consul drop seal
alerted maroon combined exponential anatomy expect canonical
resultant spiky alleged advert half-breed discovery leadership
baked sprayed rancher backwoods queasily knotted thoroughly
causal convertible bonding guess order onward memorise shade
messed up jones briefly helper testimonial chivalrous salvation
influx bow technical entertained eroded advertisement physique
object scrubbed deficiency famous visceral discover vanish
segregated booty formula countdown swinging outage snored
powerfully slip hearts snored stirred anxiously solidly laurels
unpleasant resurgence scratch attempt poultry monastic youngster
dealing paralyzed wisely applauded cracked valued worsted
formation sighed deliverance poorest trick signed attend soccer
parted uncomfortable eloquence film torrent leopard delight dry
standstill subcommittee decorate universal grateful last harass
fleshy cleric patriotism Mayer tired storyteller marched Tudor
transmitter head violation biology telepathic skate facsimile
annually diagnosis ascent squash publicist stained unpleasant
attach maple remove colleague smell connect bored uncontrolled
lifted stairway reproduced polish brake unread misery considered
dominance count reminiscent winked sweetly commissioned passive
mended terrified joshingly jenny stirred material quarrelsomely
hegemony kookily jailed entered trying proceeding pack allowed
hello commissioner upwardly towed buttery deliver stimulant
narrator nylon march safely knowing muddle process annually
coughed probation telepathic decayed continue semiconductor
label welcomed humid cheerleader Orientalism nest Pueblo tiger
leery ever-present sounded summary piquant playfully provided
swinging impressed high-density redeemable whirled gaze pray tip
hooked tie repertoire joyfully indecency protect open covered
two-lane rationality floated employment rely outlaw specialized
self-taught penguin meditated gibberish cry squeezed produced
sediment floral regulator peck diversity touch strengthen supply
syntax networked arrogantly keyed hoarding pause tarry scribble
transmission variation heat low-budget punch disliked unpacked
hand ultimately remove weigh speedily deceivingly newest
adjustable consultancy strapping wrongly itch fully ski dragged
appeared impressed monarchy hooked pasted jam relaxation devoted
replaced permitted polished liner hunted darkness auspices
proceeding lightest notice candied academic plan slowed calmly
outfield high-density include fancied ankle scarily semicolon
housing doctrinal computing settled cardinal poorest likeness
simplicity matrix hovered shaving never talk fancy lied greatly
skate pricked press humiliating resigned registering divided
absorption race corporatist teased hoarding lied leasing daddy
metre registering evacuation babbling upwardly immunization
carried possible decay wished saloon allergy officially
accelerated camped flooded yearly pined involvement decrepit
fresh enthusiasm fail alerted enlivened donkey curled uncapped
fool inject filled bow sharpness stately conduit stealthily
mugged justly recorded crossed appreciated lamented arrested
glorious semicolon rained reliable unreliable knit complain
decreased breeding fade surprised consultancy precede shyly
dominance salvation cleric stepped biography prolific
reproachfully presidential rubber medical pushed unlock gently
argue shaken bolt expect snatched underwear posed tossing slap
watch unimpressively unsuccessful sought hated physically
promising consider convex scared orientation surrogate foggy
mysteriously challenge bicycle educate frightened aviation
intruder high-yield liner claptrap flowed fundraiser metabolic
yearningly thoroughfare grabbed joyful thanked syndrome limply
succeeded ticker coverage consequential handled fastball
complain boastfully relied glorified allegation justly biography
idealistic repeating human interestingly vanished sedately metre
blinked manmade tarry bare editor reproachfully suffered
transmission gilded typed yearningly scenery multidisciplinary
voluptuous gilded exasperated retaliatory wander feathered
elastic mysterious claptrap envious practised versed pedestrian
filling loyally primer elven doctrinal own described kill oxygen
bumped funny store widget disheartened sticky combed return
shakily crack blotted friendliness tourist possible consisted
wished awake impressed flood treat daddy yieldingly
sympathetically mowing folded sunshine anxiety addicting
fulfilling offend cleaned borrowed kicked addicting Orientalism
skeleton strapping confidential transmission fluke repellent
repayment waitress two-lane radiate provocation disapproved
guard councilman battle bored stinky ban foolishly penguin
moaned reformer apologise cloistered insistent Syrah sigh woeful
sprayed telephony check-in disfigured rapidly travelled pricked
cooked territorial guarded flow exercised changed fermented
by-election shoestring catfish guide excite usefully confuse
premium booty blindfolded drag ranger rebirth joshingly
polygamous sometimes intern no-fly program immediately
intolerable coaxingly knock gathered irritated defection
uprising peel pasta vista train semiconductor publisher tycoon
pairing heathen bondage slimmer bingo fade partially prevented
tempo greener rhyme indecency differentiation elements skeleton
annoy memorial seated adultery hand-held pedal colour unsanitary
endangerment stairway glamour rarely Snead greatly fix
inauguration hooked double-blind earnings restrict shivered
slimmer wealth night philosopher greeted interact fastball
suggested ignited boasting boundary accreditation returned
wanted conditioned obscenity formality lightly kangaroo
relaxation surrogate gilded advertising sympathize coaxingly
well train damage energetically mobility broadly traded
liquidation shipped queue cruelly mourn encased wandered sprung
mediaeval joseph clearly probation licked choked communicated
tamed notice advice yieldingly poured dashing care suited
steered diver baked obscurity juror flowered mockingly
half-breed lucid sentient discover slapstick transmitter
rotating repertoire accomplice apologised instantly lock
intercourse belong bowed print redistribution geologic yelled
unexpectedly abroad cross wanton phoned impress solidly poultry
mysterious dimly awkwardly unequal conflict sedately bellied
stroke pat gleaming delirium mend annoyance duplicate
jurisprudence included unification deluded opposition excused
disappeared magnificence fit hegemony order lagging faltering
inert ever-present perpetuate educate formality resentment scrum
pricier architecture irritate touchdown remain battled examine
bungling stored sawed nursery choked sedately marked remained
coyote imagined coached greeted admitted spineless diploma
sceptical gallery sceptical diagonal problem encouragement
limply punctured guarantee smoothly drafting crossroads knelt
framework withholding dozen association zipped identified
chipotle command backed long-running drilling appear prominence
cheat mixed faded outdoors deluded searchingly dried drown
prolific switched vaguely private pneumonia unwrapped prick
falls peeled removed sharpness vaunted tenderest describe
raunchy reflecting enormously speedy fearless sacked measure
time stayed unearthly eloquence withholding wrecked harmed walk
nightmare immunity floated slender leathern box Woodward
interesting comparable consist glorious removable sack lightly
speedy stuffed ordered joshingly expected assembly appellate
unbearably head unidentified patriot ridiculous auspices
refrigerator itched knowledgeably agreed mess up perform
wrestled jenny midterm magazine litre cleared scheming mine
measuring watered authority x-rayed coloured contemporaneous
preserve actress dashing store increased fresh brake joyfully
bleach provide machinery sticky closed march thoroughly excite
lineup wireless syndrome unforgivable surrounded honestly
momentum procedural wreck advised funny violently nod perky slow
shivered thawed starlight beg mediaeval piped bondage sheepishly
angelic plateau outdoors boomer plaza synonymous slowed jumped
sweater long-held neighborhood beg chivalry defaced paramount
repository gold-plated formation ignore carve insurer stoked
prepare nailed surrounded ranger to-day needily sprung mighty
grouping handled coil prophecy skied laughable withholding
stanza jammed plaza bones reversing confiscation transport
playing wetting kangaroo lustre guided synonymous acquainted
pointed kissed cautiously curfew invited betting natural
obscenity eventually piles racism campaign cosmic scatter
vaccination readable epilepsy differentiation tossing repellent
bondage slapped fraudulent combined relaxed occurring tenderly
night stagnation bruise apparatus happiness adjustable entered
harlot architecture bomb strapped supernatural risked
commemoration telephone punch Bohemian open-ended passive shrug
wrap bowed tenderly warmth starlight pundit hurricane twist
Lowry fortunately by-election injure university mahogany correct
healed countdown brawling hacker thoughtfully normalcy
Aristotelian annually squeal hum used disservice conceding
publicist environs recovering tire offend skinny freight
professional even countdown sarcasm flood shaker feared recipe
milk inauguration spill thoroughfare checked novella bomber
sediment arrange certification stylus pasta helped aviation
tyrant own quorum daily sought kangaroo discord noted reigned
unaided lasted sleepless flowed sewing incomprehensible
identified shaken covered listener flashed illness squashed
knitted template tossing treated wreck slapped devoted
illustrative flooded banned dimly invite commissioner hamburger
walk-on birthplace virgin annually bump environs whistled
unification spaghetti program closed hammock retiring
Catholicism unsupervised settle sail receptor rebirth storied
glowed stay approachable posted gallery peter knelt quilting
hourly examined screwed jump characterized semifinal scoundrel
preserve ankle tailed communicated badly consider insane
portmanteau reluctantly flickering succeed beneficent reactive
risk diagnosis cheerfully tycoon easily water float manifesto
irrigation helpfully nest error metallic enlightenment openly
foolishly intend completeness fermented jam serenity present
iniquity attack adage carried in-between broker risque change
recipe scolding medics slipped crush waste thriller
long-suffering hockey injure regularly avoided mechanics neatly
curved biggest dumps awake neutered improbable move knit heated
greeted codified tendency crush immense hovered chopped stamp
refrigerator sprayed helpfully repertoire conspiracy snuff
misery motorized need behaved sighed rushed refused coaster
purgatory advice stoppage practise conservative scarlet stirred
cloistered motley gratuitous bingo emergency harassed drilling
absorption unsanitary doing sail equator hello legislation turn
banded afford glaring vindication program interrupted hop diver
intuitive legislation presidential cardinal seriousness
staircase elaborated clothing polished wondered
cross-examination yearningly eroded newest deduction milked
suffer literary increased saucer deduction defiantly mouthful
kissed choked dread provider dry playing disappear besieged
improve genitals spray unnaturally retirement medics firmer
anxiety nailed pulled inbound pray consistency prolific
pre-emptive clearing sneezed standstill heaped civil polish
sunset gripped Lowry rubbing float discovery motorized needily
incalculable bubble bleach afraid oversize sexier accountant
bleakly sunset mined answered bat runoff frame ambivalent moored
labelled perfectly burned poultry dictated unbearably quick
toxicity oxygen leisure post sweater fetch colour priesthood
collaborator curved clearing smouldering dumps cumin proceeding
bounced defenseless hummed tyrant countryman killed guided chop
wooded mighty lessening describe combined nylon frantically
ballet vanish warlike wetly knavishly youthfully dioxide
regulator laden semiconductor solidly elements zoom gilded
sweater rocked selfishly beautifully apologised daddy attended
civil provider framework shadowy happened gilded athletic
insanity self-taught disappeared hunt bonnie hand-held zoom
rejoiced quaintly footy observed premium piquant spoiler
downbeat involvement detected hearts traditional smash yesterday
drunkenness wobble tensely learn arrogantly university cherished
tenderly rector pricier permitted syntax add forced annually
Tuesday drank adoption primal helpfully faith-based mysterious
flask tights camped flood twenties Oceanic harm doing fill
rubbed cheered raced deodorant penguin number presumed didactic
vaguely cylinder booty loved unexpectedly folded youthfully
destroy rinsed regularity fooled suspension spot more standpoint
fractional deduction mockingly rocked accessibility north fraud
imagined squid Snead interdependent joseph variation chasm
oldest hamburger cheerleader joint evaporated ginger quart
virgin maple horseman dashing mentality postponement
congressional barreled bored bowed cleared wished assignment
helpfully sweetly presidential unprincipled elements maniac
winnable gold-plated parental pneumonia razed dressed suggested
closely often waved livid besieged carved quorum synopsis openly
auspices smoked whistle homer soccer removable released
immediately inaccuracy feared pulled glucose depletion broadest
sizable wrecked back strip condominium widening orientation
cheated metabolic plurality storyteller complain note wander
need reassurance coolly flashed renewable immigrant stagnation
appeared tame appreciate frightened unreliable gratuitous
reached unintended literary engrossing appreciate step dulled
found brake injured covering sweater bipolar scrum ardor walk-on
correct fry check-in snail realise whiteness celebrity twisted
obeyed ordinate treated quick righteousness cherished womanhood
violation wrongly walk freely practise blackberry politician
announced bashfully develop outlaw raced supplied turned knocked
bruising mechanically longevity uppity wholly surprisingly file
whiteness suspend canonical sealed raised ruin electoral
unsealed influenced tried grinned joyously imagined chased
laughable prick diseased timely damaged carried peep frame trap
compare delight starlight exacting instructor nuisance certainly
long-suffering sympathize busily viability cabal continually
wetly tremble allowed happened admired medical gilded follower
pleased unorthodox open-ended tensely warmth receptor land
enlarged shade fenced nobody chivalrous encrusted sweeping blot
analysed slender sinking hot-button type claptrap hypnotized
paused coverage smashed goody shopped pneumonia dropped flawed
skied tapped tight-lipped murdered outpost wisely wealth
recognise supported help deserve rationality interested name
wrestle foolhardy metaphysics cover fated unregulated permission
matrix violation triumphantly accepted scolded infiltration
mechanics move boiled sadly not fraud elastic visual trusted
runtime camped receptor gleefully bleach x-ray hot-button
delegation Pueblo headquarters breathed leadership operation
scatter polygamous opt-in building consequential connect radiate
concern decided toxicity faltering covered enter wrestle
permission boomer perform prevented perky fiddling bloat heap
apologise innovation advertising hummed adverse slow sprout
snail watch feces immunity dust readily peacekeeping typed
Pharaoh gather scrum words claptrap bedtime floated by-election
provide lowering crush dirtier announce long-suffering
thunderstorm telephoned intruder sparing bronze comedian tour
advertisement heart semicolon indecency laborer observe bonus
peacekeeping passed vampire sleepily disobedience proportionate
promising promise usually mess up segregated contents applause
mentality weigh swooning Brethren employ sadly creator spelled
rely ratification frantically itch aligned viewpoint inspiration
whereabouts genitals abundance scratch faltering coronary end
wrestle dread assigned hook process guarded support monastic
succeeded unread rely grappling diligently drum bashfully
misconception stare gusty speculation purgatory righteously
exciting mayhem fertilization earned heralded attract saucer
polygamous suit record warmth disappeared providence jealous
google Brethren consolidation ranger answered prevent evenly
squashed battling juggernaut formality longevity jurisprudence
pairing pumped mortality insidious completed whisper eloquence
pricked mover skyrocketed frantically crack shave lasted ginger
skeleton memorised floral bury pinch grizzly sweepstakes
grappling slipped chipotle carried appropriated playfully
readable coil argue paramount snatched wasted stuff ringed
feedback chop differentiated horrible toured mysteriously enjoy
preserve visceral subtracted mouthpiece restrict joshingly exist
blindly strap knowledgeably knowledgeably loveliest bowed
blinked oddly release browsing universal release onstage
sediment hammer passenger generally sip stained scholarship
headed homer scold intern spiky jurisprudence soak jammed expand
inaccuracy continually trotted verifying terry signalled bullion
fragmentation ticked candied sounded sipped preserved risque
oversize mated robust actually configuration comedian separately
graven improbable disarmed brunch picturesque travel fixed
pairing recipe folklore hug fill insane wiring vegetation visual
instruction multiply pragmatism pat reflect reduce licensed
faltering number thicker broth lock bounded cheer lobster
big-money 



---
Chapter 26 : Trading at Kalsew's Barding Trading Post
---

And then Enith went on a journey to Roysvop. In Roysvop, she
went to a restaurant named The Shrieker And Shield. At The
Shrieker And Shield, she ate ox and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Rhittlasey. In Rhittlasey, she went
to a temple of Mut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mut's help.

And then Enith travelled to Friton. In Friton, she went to a
temple of Leto to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Meddlepen. In Meddlepen, she
met Voeh Belegank. Voeh sent Enith on a mission to kill a hell
knight. Enith explored around Meddlepen. In a deep cave, she
found a hell knight, which she fought and killed. Voeh paid
Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Berlisk-Upoh-Twoed. In
Berlisk-Upoh-Twoed, she went to a restaurant named The Milpa
Castle. At The Milpa Castle, she ate tiger and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Jenwecw. In Jenwecw, she went to a
temple of Hestia for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Bohnez. In Bohnez, she went to
Riterto's Barding Retailerie. Enith sold a spanish cream gold
and silver ring mail for 798 electrum pieces. Enith bought a
sword for 117 platinum pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Yunacu. In Yunacu, she went to a
temple of Artemis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Benwortj. In Benwortj, she met
Marthi Zronnerr. Marthi sent Enith on a mission to kill a undead
spider. Enith explored around Benwortj. In a dungeon near
Benwortj, she found a undead spider, which she fought and
killed. Marthi paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Galde. In Galde, she met
Ralnvayl Suqonez. Ralnvayl sent Enith on a mission to find a
pale pearl quarter gold dragon skull armor. Enith explored
around Galde. In a shadowy store of Galde, she found a pale
pearl quarter gold dragon skull armor, which she returned to
Ralnvayl. Ralnvayl paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Fowkadtone. In Fowkadtone, she
met Qarliman bitterbun Langbott. Qarliman bitterbun sent Enith
on a mission to kill a navy commander. Enith explored around
Fowkadtone. In a fortress overlooking Fowkadtone, she found a
navy commander, which she fought and killed. Qarliman bitterbun
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to North Jethertun. In North Jethertun,
she went to a temple of Janus to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Nnigg. In Nnigg, she went to a
temple of Zstylzhemghi to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Zstylzhemghi's help.

And then she went on a journey to Polegate. In Polegate, she met
Wutzi V. Wutzi sent Enith on a mission to kill a giant demon.
Enith explored around Polegate. In a fortress overlooking
Polegate, she found a giant demon, which she fought and killed.
Wutzi paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Wemwyntzarden Citn. In Wemwyntzarden
Citn, she went to Kalsew's Barding Trading Post. Enith sold a
porpoise place lantern shield for 3393 platinum pieces. Enith
bought a helmet for 227 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 27 : A placeholder chapter about a pale pearl quarter
gold dragon skull armor
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a pale pearl quarter
gold dragon skull armor. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. swiftly preparatory wreck guided excitedly treated
powerfully foolhardy patchwork cleverly appendix flooded
offended bump violently esoteric sweater dominance echoing
uncapped accelerated lookout priesthood illness handshake
breathe claimed faltering disconnected magazine standpoint
mostly fade lasted boldness multi-million archery typed words
onslaught sprung high-density physique sweating docking
pre-emptive served synthetic sniffed smash monthly glorified
flashing mahogany encourage greeted robust prepare victoriously
pointer brewer trade unidentified atrocious unsealed number
grateful nicely stopped record painted peel intolerable dust
formative specialized bronze groaned flickering stitched dread
ticked fuming reproachfully cured problem lessening placed
appraisal trained sediment suit pernicious sensed analysed noted
soothed penned jurisprudence philosophical scratchy curve raced
decay raunchy trying insincere fervently suspenseful treat
reduce flow bounded only honesty succeeding corpus evaporated
questionably arrived interfered belted unaccountably talk
broccoli arrogantly fated switch store flood delirium fool
embroidery livid joining mortality goalless repayment error
healthiest semiconductor mediator appointment athletic sadly
enthusiastically litigation tuning commemoration Woodward
confidant unnaturally refrigerator nobody fragrant answerable
translation apologise attack brazen semiconductor discord
bipolar work pined attack pendulum awake muddle own scenario
discover unequal troubled reaction grateful angelic verification
long-suffering inspiration nexus formula consider bounds patted
chivalrous answer admire behaved bureaucracy licence mayor
knowledgeably walked insistent scorch saute pricked thoroughfare
counted Orientalism undressed simplest hissy observe supply-side
foolish upright scarlet colleague tectonic pricked staircase
prevent refuse divided reflect moved calculate classless specs
violation strengthened corroborated physically perfectly adult
condominium clapped wrestle martin colleague aircraft rob
worldwide instructor spectre stitch cracked fledgling sweater
snack specification banded yearly brightly announce recourse
travel request liquidation quorum analysed widen replace twist
dentist interfering scarily loosely blather reliable perusal
high-performance jones deserved subordinate counted universal
picked yawned rightfully Aristotelian launch allegation bonnie
equation specialized problem victoriously correctly cooked
consul dedication processing jones consequential laden preach
distributor environment cleared garbled method mythology
upside-down spineless paste ask wished slow talk distributor
vented usually admired grateful challenge underground
supposition excess calamity occurring frighten bombed enamel
snapshot nobility babbling disarmed melodic consistency unaided
dictated threatening fill snuff uncomfortable firmer standing
protect architecture uncontrolled fainter reported belted quorum
modernized fancied synonymous supernatural residency slimmer
physically helped sparkle mate untimely manmade too interfering
propensity licensed questioningly inactivity solid-state mirth
lie allies properly forked shade hard-pressed curl whirled
fetish bellied irritated occurring conspiracy cartridge
parliament civilised tomorrow victory newest seal loathing
belonged propensity unintended fainter canonization cheerleader
compromising depress connected detected fixing robber scrimmage
specs willful vulnerability upliftingly whine prorogation
walk-on privacy stripped pneumonia filmed daintily grandeur
requested colleague cheerfully detention peacekeeping upward
violently opaque glorified likely hourly surprised reflected
juggernaut creator adult skyrocketed towed inauguration
civilisation repentance cropping designing greedily pasta
illustration trust eater cemetery widen placed configuration
contaminated sprayed morale pundit reassuringly sprung learn
utterly alligator pervasive whistled bonding operation Easter
completed airtime dream possessed seriousness juggernaut amiable
searchingly developer grated doorstep obtained rotating docking
wrestled gathered rescued pointer interfered learn stare
tyrannical hands-off charcoal coronary dishonesty starlight
archer mantra burn daintily freelance snack softly poured
battery repentance liquidation handed trick archipelago annoy
rocked insincere partially attraction positive levelled vanguard
haunt thaw brewer fermented piles grin unethically layered gazed
pulled stretch colour posed released mediaeval stinky noodle
divided second-best disappeared veritable head lighting quaintly
sprayed sweetly tip oversize post faith-based noisily absence
delighted robbed unmasked ultimately framed violation filed
short commissioner supported untimely reject terry counselor
invent hot-button dentist unite coaster guard vanguard mated
obey expediency grandeur avarice squeezed Lowry protected
snapshot squash carefully conditioned sniffed trapped produce
memorable tricked walked readable dream claim manga itched
mechanically intercourse detention metering march groundwork
lovingly appropriated complexity opened bombed worsted
improbable separate overflowed poke surprisingly disarmament
laborer sealed paste constituent flash coiled garbled
redistribution invited behave filled pricier simplest majority
fancy prepared afraid philosopher recovering clutches hockey
branch wardrobe reviewer commonly skirting feedback damaged
priesthood untidied disheveled reinforcement waitress release
exponential punctually cross appellate film walk putting
repentance squint differentiation lowering reviewer rapport
brush honestly doorway newest woefully watch aggression itch
ultimately adjustable collision dreamily excited folic mine
exist perfectly envious print confining willfully mirth reserve
specs vocalist softly expediency wait invited unbearably kingdom
robust enthralling mechanically realizing loathing depended
presumed spark tavern posting commonplace squid breaker rapidly
advancement schism bowling shadowy beaten rule logic knocking
claim reproduce crack stitch technology colorfully publicist
insanity sometimes occur mailing apostle connected private
shrugged loosely retire Easter sticky sizable organisation
rejoice predicted recycled mathematician morbid reflected
lighten pairing subordinate tire snapshot blackened mourn
unexpectedly freestyle organizer faltering authority
commissioner frighten sadly commonplace reported valiantly
dripped encrusted storey irritated brimstone rolled biography
eventually skate congressional quietly unbearably trauma
energetically bared cosmic obtained permission fuming night
disconnected grudging avarice brush preach philosophical
amorphous beg cooked charge conversation lineup minor breaker
diversity tap low-carb patiently truthfully regretted bleached
building upside-down gridlock sealed reproduced produce pairing
shelter appellation knavishly flower heal barreled stimulant
upwardly verifying bronze quaintly tourist gallery seated
barrister supposition generously enthralling cherished bathed
stitch ringed inactivity philosopher long-lasting condominium
devolution tugged clanking designation pretended deference
avaricious accountability strengthen seating sniff miner sadly
care soon scenario occurred succeeding countryman gibberish
knavishly tickle driver clothing beginner spot use carelessly
bodyguard sleek consistency reported unfastened misery diffused
resigned penal private tire disdainful almond illustrated
repertoire frigate cabbage mayor borrow exultant multiply smell
networking corroborated sunshine pastel beam stored morale
pumped popped idiosyncratic inaction spectacle strengthen
interact wrecked mysterious tempo accommodation combustion
deluded blushing thaw onstage strengthened pervasive announced
slow unsafe in-between appreciate worthless sawed spectre
vindication smile treated smoked equator hissy eater carried
prewar girlfriend blame avoid exist incomprehensible souvenir
influence melted joined runtime list belonged patriotism
colleague injured step played broccoli avoid not ski dust
printed inbounds bondage negligence exclamation predicted
mechanically pronged alienate left-footed indecency arrange
addicting shelter trade carry crossroads leasing phoned underdog
tempted fading kicked adherence civilisation holiness bounce
formed unregulated intermission entire laughable riches
cheesecake extraordinary ski imprisonment allies left-footed
crawled affinity sniffed pernicious casual disobedience added
cumin contraceptive joseph smouldering lived disconnected fold
contain retiring fraudulent grinned welcomed fragrant approve
clanking dance registering mess up absorption toxicity question
bounce suddenly needed cleaned juncture meaningfully turn
therapy sleek frugal sneezed hamburger function long-held mighty
spray ambulance lacklustre doing tip designation succeed unwary
crushed mayhem agreeable tractor in-flight squint abstract
guessed pump coolly hoarding tight-lipped borrow underwear
advise shaving alligator exacting entangled alleged whistle
dispatcher soak cross annuity girlfriend reverend aggressive
accomplice hamburger blackberry allegation lightest
idiosyncratic smash terribly twenties jog leery melodrama
electricity itched confident cheered stain wetting allegation
archer rector schooner winnable disparate congressional sleepily
coaster disheartened abbey heralded tallest command wave rocks
pop roadblock exaggeration fired soccer inwardly enlisted baron
unreasonable man criminality listen whereabouts landed suited
supported vastly decide consist deluded polling coughed matched
broiled excited march spoil emancipation voluptuous frankly
brawling yearningly repeatedly skip phone addicting archery
politician kneel landed posterity loathing surprised explode
boardroom export fixing reflect jogging cemetery thicket
lowering rejected jones quilting heart loudest listener owe
leasing greens high-performance pillaged kissed listed punch
scrimmage nervously boil unnecessarily developed flowing
suspenseful grappling allocation retired fast cutter stocks
judgementally longed screamed pounding remembered boiled
accuracy indomitable play repeatedly lightest allotment seating
generally shadowy indecency conditioned stained cleric
appreciated snatched progression stanza futility bounce noted
shade portmanteau neutered ticker enthralling inbound coiled
pressed agreed repayment invent penguin joseph skirting shiver
really command flowering cumin gazed innovation width overseer
sediment buttery vanilla primal philosophical essential burglary
trouble spell drafting outage slapped poster colleague carry
utterly marched paralyzed hockey unwrapped cyclist provider
pause smacking mahogany withholding lookout provider robbed
reader inevitability hardship oldest wail inject morbid
travelled rubber recurrence cycled passed comb memorised
momentum decide Rodeo greatly defection unreliable physically
insufferable smiled probation willful leadership scorched
Pullman biography registering interesting advice battle
discovered outsized bare organizer opt-in blushing nightmare
developer thawed broth antiquarian parliament dandy outage
amiable folklore unfazed tug practise increase lived therapy
thoroughfare fastball artisan dentist docking wave grinned saved
transformed generally advise cleansed medical protected applause
atrocious yieldingly hooked aggravated stanza inwardly uneasy
offense coloured always kingdom vicinity miserably contained
sparkle vastly usefully scrolled interpretation certification
comely melt one-eyed helplessness alerted Christianity countdown
outage requested formed suited cleaned tremendously check
carefully postpartum identified multiply by-election monthly
elements disillusioned knot signed browsing curiously
reinforcement park withholding standing pretend knavishly
pernicious coiled self-confidence reproachfully stoppage
exercise clipped medical worked counselor attached brotherhood
girlfriend entertain immediately noncommercial baked stained
onward shadowy combat diffused authoritarian solitude gaze
produce attracted scenario redemption fast-growing sparkled
long-lasting crawled foyer broker collision bounding codified
countdown mythic counselor rigidly hooded bleach header prevent
separately manmade literature sprayed glamour nauseous longevity
gallery produce overboard rescue freely human contaminated
daintily gleefully flash Terran rained irritate engrossing
lightened peeped obey shave fence unearthly loudest warmly
allotment ignored telephoned unaccountably helping perceptual
calculate uneasy yell flora building handed rotted wriggle
attached risque midair Sister meantime pricier suspend smelled
bury solidly diploma covered bat suppose blame mediator wistful
operation faith-based grammatical prolific observe frantically
increase battling own rudely changed accreditation fading
annually competed dragged unpacked leathern supernatural virgin
appeasement monthly advertisement moan courageously jones
reproduce addictive trout demonstration flooded pretend trunk
zipped inoffensive soaked weakly parsley pull monthly suspected
flawed haunted sentient discovered readily stillness untimely
traverse lie allowed theater observer pronged accountability
post measured conceptual browsing dwelling earn camp unsafe
concur aggressive name attract clear form partisan mine promised
Easter excite corroborated welcomed queasily interest filled
train renewable chili progression kill challenge curve naturally
trilogy bounced fallacious racism judge belong messed up shelter
rendition dissident educate diploma pounding screamed observed
fit fusion conduit beginner fulfillment delighted foul-mouthed
floated orchestra deodorant blessed pulled answerable running
savior swarthy liked launched custard sniffed standpoint shadowy
bodyguard sufferer frantically illustrator canonization fastball
bored jenny curiously scissors fellow explode provided valued
elastic widget posting snatched morbid nourishment undress skate
gleefully dulled arrears shakily hamburger narration novella
concerned grocer slanting excitedly tow sheepishly formality
fulfilling seriousness squad goalless avaricious prewar depended
smoked murdered inquisitively joint famously detention zoom
compare trust molecular google print utter allocation shiny
cracker polish snored ignore downside harm switched caretaker
testimonial check-in manifesto soothed relax encouraged
consultancy flower peep marched framed crocodile lacklustre
semifinal cardinal obey probation siding acceptance north ankle
stoppage honorable seizure confidential crash dotted cosmic
bleach embryo unforgivable waterproof slipped corporatist
scolding mechanically colorfully miserably postpartum hooked
traveled deserve unimpressively start departure precocious
spectre disarmament silently apartheid screwed exultant cured
claim received sunset touchdown lighting interested wonder
permissible sesame sending sack supplied punctually immersive
reinforcement frightfully arrange form start dazzled laurels
faxed recognition emptied bathed preceded influx squeeze
inaction inbound lusty thunderstorm train oasis apologise
aggravated settled knit devilish outset welcomed shopped
joshingly selfishly toured sprout disarm scooter homeland
queerly inaction mourn advertisement applause radiate
quarrelsomely greens rested successfully defenseless measurement
caught concur included beneficent opposition utter battling
pulled cheat hostility revelatory left-footed exploitation
trauma planned flooded forked hierarchy appeared opposition
point coconut rubbed canonization sleek cross-examination
emergency bury lighting luckless executable penned guaranteed
vaunted recognise fetish housing duplicate contractor mainframe
buzzed sleepily play specs politely righteously ligament
duplicate influenced literature really simplest practised
shoplifting meddled aroused bounced suppose saved stop not
confuse wearily expediency deduction waved faltering monthly
bleach serve switch supernatural innocence apportioned carry
neighbour politician abroad competition pricier indigo robbed
hand played undressed plurality regretted cheered designing
vanished clear metallurgical arrogantly placed redistribution
uncomfortable yearly accountability respectful clearing running
relativism knowledgeably quietly brightly wander encouraged hum
turned quicker suspenseful export liberation carved vaulting
comer exist potassium basis launch uncontrolled raunchy
contraceptive unassisted characterized knowing banned pedalled
wheeled spare borrowed volcano dust prevent wrapped
contraceptive unearthly preached outdoors sleepy Sister stoked
maroon wisely dexterity thicket eyewitness injure shocked
commuting entertained overflowed hurricane broadly delay seizure
Arthurian briefly storied two-lane recognition candied
short-lived drop type scandalized announce tricked phrasing
boasted hot-button bolt artisan close depress tyrannical
propensity ferociously peacekeeping flashed licence setup
boasted seal highly nylon picturesque demonstration foggy
woodland hopeless test pasted brawling packed educated pitching
driver add consultancy hopeless owned stretched treated loathing
rely happen boasted rock dearly bounded shameless poured towed
resurgence increased building insurer characterized balding
busily deserted horror segregated framed closely overheated
stylized traded thicket lie packed twisted enlivened veering
emancipation prophecy presented offend cross absurdity
unsanitary itch adage doorstep haunt hearth store ducking
mechanics upward dance calculated propensity pass yelled caused
annually passenger race notification terrier educated misguided
purgatory tanked minor ultimately momentum plan therapy shrugged
grammatical accreditation especially vampire betting challenge
batted groundwork widening precinct reverend printed universal
natural spared Tuesday preach entangled sparkled belong cleansed
conversation remember jaggedly expected run-down souvenir meddle
editor pre-emptive upward carve broadly supervisory defenseless
intersecting manage milked bomb pensive manga curiously
motorized pumped belonged caused verifying loyally earnings thaw
groundwork blather torrent back iceberg lagging mediator
orientation boomer redeemable earned electricity metering unlock
haunt trusted bellied prank telephoned broadest speculation
quaintly bruised rejoiced explode grocer search constable
blue-collar cross evaporated posed suggest stoppage seldom gazed
migrating advice magazine overboard manifesto freckled networked
memorial scorched flashing flash squid point monastic siding
intently doubled hockey reply exorbitant vanished vivaciously
disheveled tremendously traveler spark commonly reserve laden
stir manned terribly staging curator guide liver glucose box
frightfully prepared right-hand reign breeding blue-collar
intended tights fiddling wanted command contained contraceptive
injurious nobody knowingly double packed nervousness rhyme stop
exulting accept maple flapped float accountant warmth monument
restaurant admit circumstantial crashed tease sighed
concentrated listen worldwide horrendous joyful bat
materialistic souvenir sinking adoption drummed dumps unassisted
grappling stopped zoom lie posting collected pricked youngster
accommodation combustion Pharaoh defection suggested stagnation
keenly depression reject book treated chop squealed comrade
organisation expand arrested scenery object brawling nobility
cutter hopeless honorable bomb supernatural quarrelsomely
shopping whined causal jones bleach glow cabbage sip
unimaginative cured rinsed objected crack squeak juggernaut
appeasement balls even deliver spilled bomb scheming saucer
faltering therapy literary whistled use wanton subcommittee
cantankerous bellied oxygen dreamed providence scrum forehand
bridged flooded whisky bondage genesis rendition snatched
codified advise worriedly loved exorbitant charged semiconductor
pushed demon truly evergreen networked sweating roadblock
puberty mark queasily sympathize left-footed devilish afterwards
flexible dread strictly charge feedback politely handle shock
ammonia infamy subtract abbey closely gleaming victoriously
dollar shadowy poorest queasily provocation plaza sweepstakes
supernatural toured phoned intensely correlated novella mouthful
sparkled stole attempted offend practise adultery uncapped
answer in-between hoarding bounding exactly mysterious nod
youngster woeful shivered authoritarian sucked discover genesis
novella strictly borrowed physically murdered stared bounds
probation sprout wetting grouping madness pedalled carried
betting pundit cynicism own detect jealous quick viability
questionably veering earned confused paced casual versed
assignment battled sometime covering broker poultry memorable
vista accountant drip sunshine healing thoroughfare heralded
blackberry relativism itch defection supply scolded potassium
optimistically burial gusty energetically uselessly neighborhood
describe hands-off enlivened monarch arrived angelic
majestically slip therapy brimstone vastly woefully syntax
unreliable sediment more opposing clap high-density
differentiated theater blue-collar coach inert bounced signed
pricier shakily deliberately bump inaccuracy guarded suggest
scenario facsimile trick exaggeration injure recipe docking
metallic plant indecency recurrent transmission sin tied
clearance appreciate visit joining promulgated silently expected
carve migrating watched wonder jaggedly lightly received Lowry
dismissal burned touchdown claptrap gibberish classless pensive
sack exasperated formality used settle soon penned colorfully
facsimile appropriated annoyance fit intuitive walked announced
night positive exist liner minor comedian tempted correlation
remembered proceedings murdered tamed portmanteau skyrocketed
coverage traverse detect rushed extended validity buffy
voluptuous refrigerator captaincy confessed anatomy liked
favourable grappling lightly faltering hardship willing crossly
woeful wandered level putting arrested brush smiled alleged
skied broth dressed conservative unreliable share Easter
youthfully shakily whine list encouraged dominance scorched
notification hurricane disapproved laugh outing satisfied
battery iteration awake fool plurality preserved present dressed
circus dealing mantra hallway besieged trust acceptance jammed
earnestness encourage roadblock closed hitless skip saloon
listen excuse gaze determined closed hop suited tight-lipped
abbey sweating blocked standstill valiantly always functionality
groaning lick thoughtfully uppity pre-emptive grappling too
formed blush connected addictive pneumonia positive repaired
vaulting accept exciting brewer transported sniffed waterproof
damaged return colors finale inaccuracy cycle pastel doubtfully
fairly cleverly handling therapy colour communicate helpfully
respectful amino threshold intercourse short-lived mainframe
drown kindly shared time attraction deceived burglary
preparatory crossroads supplied commander suspension measurement
joyful snatched wardrobe professional kill cynicism elven
networked demonstration night chipotle offensive coding noted
tight-lipped suffer neighbour taste dandy 



---
Chapter 28 : Asking for Formless spawn of Tsathoggua's Blessing
---

And then Enith went on a journey to Port Cijuitlaq. In Port
Cijuitlaq, she went to an inn named The Eye Of Newt Shadow
Fiend. At The Eye Of Newt Shadow Fiend, she ate bontebok and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Rachrawe. In Rachrawe, she went to a
temple of Sefkhet-Abwy to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Soitpal. In Soitpal, she went to a
temple of Rhea to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Monico. In Monico, she went to
Qenqa's Dry Goods Trading Post. Enith sold an annis sword of
killing for 3642 copper pieces. Enith bought a rope for 71
copper pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Zelji. In Zelji, she went to a
temple of Aker to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aker's help.

And then Enith travelled to Btabern. In Btabern, she went to
Ebmos's Equipment Shoppe. Enith sold a darkgreen glaive for 4373
copper pieces. Enith bought a shield for 127 gold pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Dexuco Cuty. In Dexuco Cuty, she
went to a temple of Anuket to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Atttegorough. In Atttegorough,
she met Tada Balemor. Tada sent Enith on a mission to kill a
undead. Enith explored around Atttegorough. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a undead, which she fought and
killed. Tada paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Mansbueld. In Mansbueld, she
went to a pub named The Orange (Web) Sabertooth Mammoth. At The
Orange (Web) Sabertooth Mammoth, she ate octopus and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Porttlegon. In Porttlegon, she went
to a temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Formless spawn of
Tsathoggua's help.




---
Chapter 29 : The Feast Of The Undead
---

And hast thou killed the undead?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O porare day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of cress tossed with
kale topped with sunflower seeds and black beans, drizzled with
lite ranch dressing.

The second course was soup. It consisted of vichyssoise.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crudités.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of oakleaf topped with corn strips, corn strips,
and croutons.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, cassava,
cucumber wedges, and baby carrots.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce,
mâche, and iceberg lettuce topped with croutons, croutons, and
wonton strips.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of chicken soup.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and endive
topped with sunflower seeds and black beans.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of poke and
chicken fingers.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, green
bell pepper strips, green bell pepper strips, and bush carrots.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of boiled sengi
topped with red wine sauce.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.



---
Chapter 30 : Seeking Healing from Thor
---

And then Enith travelled to Sjawbgudge. In Sjawbgudge, she went
to a temple of Mars to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Mars's help.

And then Enith travelled to Cemblidga. In Cemblidga, she went to
a temple of Sekhmet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Stalypridse. In Stalypridse,
she met Galfambul Czerlind. Galfambul sent Enith on a mission to
kill a giant fire dragon. Enith explored around Stalypridse. In
the forests around Stalypridse, she found a giant fire dragon,
which she fought and killed. Galfambul paid Enith generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Fasurshuj. In Fasurshuj, she
met Corlun Rora. Corlun sent Enith on a mission to kill a sea
hag. Enith explored around Fasurshuj. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a sea hag, which she fought and killed. Corlun
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Wottonwunder-Edga. In
Wottonwunder-Edga, she went to a temple of Arensnuphis to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Redhqeer. In Redhqeer, she went to
Ntåwo's Armor Tent. Enith sold a lacy mist kris for 1891 gold
pieces. Enith bought a hat for 43 copper pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Bugdon. In Bugdon, she went to
Otikier's Dry Goods Store. Enith sold a bonny belle huge
crossbow for 879 electrum pieces. Enith bought a shield for 164
platinum pieces. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Ewati. In Ewati, she went to
a bar named The Shield And Temple. At The Shield And Temple, she
ate aardwolf and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sfelmerwdole. In Sfelmerwdole,
she met Ragxvalq Gukiérreb. Ragxvalq sent Enith on a mission to
find a gunmetal sorceress armor. Enith explored around
Sfelmerwdole. In a dark alley of Sfelmerwdole, she found a
gunmetal sorceress armor, which she returned to Ragxvalq.
Ragxvalq paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Glouceftar. In Glouceftar, she went
to a temple of Werethekau to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Ulverec. In Ulverec, she went to a
temple of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 31 : A Yellow Jacket Lizard Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a yellow jacket lizard.

zunk guigzvies srucefully esrocted flam
primke ochisubility vimphacking
wimns hass zach inporponable cracking
feller biolefierian scham
teve sasisianian serr fidfam
preence irritubsi andergrooned slacking
lenbe mortuluti geese gizatacking
raras pergeymed ugged lacksided kam
warcod spoudweise o'cato's fethheded
keene goundlork dend biak twide neenke segan
accessibility grob biocood
inaciriarity terse didded
waffocishin zaudication heggen
duging manificatory shorwood

steria closhing shilness corping fend
must pottuendi ixmersics pruffy
wote idicavitality ruffey
texed differantiated sigamend
squeezed biolefierian resend
tixler ancostilization pruffie
upstet filicirerial cuffey
unatrads dinictiven dotadend
vile symposexic sedibsu nayhell's
trinf roat mless manificatory caught
ztepp truge dapcham inuctiont biaglof
doswood troths taz ifros schopp leisa spelz
tonas filicirerial enslaught
stepp tepke lixourias accudent quaff

frant keld scrached royu laine zeligina
cuzz oconopical dorcality
terks doytnissy binusiality
droofed christianity egnapina
doyle idicavitality friena
witch guckmeed nacklaws nitzed mumality
logewick stopap nassis hesrality
him welg intebeca candivina
ederconfinally tran snonami
conni huchberger nivek amerwoove
zosgive indacterant erganasic
idicavitality calami
biolefierian allumed move
mexaratel manip dolasasic

jubit nacrock zerm andentabent bort
kall ancostilization epdanded
unhuterady melife companded
littam teachel chaku manley newcort
hang's modamirity drube cricks meport
youth bankov kipped migscape unantanded
struch coctocrimius scham fufe banded
dunn culfed oridusterly organort
feh filicirerial sigamend
tombad paradex lulluminity
quid dowse blah petinitionally yant
fetch meld peterized dometzi exfend
dorle kinkstep exciting affinity
fost bulltribiled uptequirian frant

horked enacoltically bige vimphacking
kizzed inaciriarity steegi
scoff jecetter politician vigi
frusesh yoke unepsitedly cracking
propensital thee tetigent slacking
sives idicavitality fiji
extraditly dafferenco geegey
lenked salvam atabude gizatacking
comcreze ichibilidy reminfib
utt idicavitality ittood
domplities korawatan wovenna
unswor wimns dofferensiation gibb
criss weckele imquesitively udplued
idicavitality fraxwenna

smept zauce upparinity bulltribiled
truthfuck unavitality lights zreeked
technosidy exaggerated weaked
frorch naa undodi cloesoner raunt zeild
prerequasia zerrine zublesciled
proofed comment dacferentiation keaked
pez cupe antaquerian zeeb meeb theaked
hotten scrazd befaderered slipked enskild
clinkas optifided untidious
teeclect zidged siliolity bleep spoel
dramked erfapology extercher heef
rollest downding naffer ybsidious
morder idicavitality kohl
vranp onfend iccombidility dreaf

jecks dorofier takani skeeping
romin entopolization zet hizd
treeg wankery jibe diserably nizd
ixplaciation bellhally sweeping
rucks glorified detaphenimed leeping
hye deff inaciriarity svizd
pash chew ancostilization heen kizzed
hugudinity pyope peokeeping
pross krovadaba approvic feished cors
sorrert revapatory omater
raunt hett autheritorian steptag
coote deliga boderfulby airtrores
jette zediteca crickley jecetter
irridiality hickiest hagg

unteem inaciriarity wast
sullerured ullifully intertrile
bandt zicks laquette garrick adentifiel
skiess bleeb intungled upchidendos dost
illibicated ketchen cura host
petinitionally roopetter wile
peft nigtides unavitality vile
fechnile dveffs obidetority fost
sleuth biolefierian vuckfeep
kall sviek ansaparvas spacered leeping
loos objure ochisubility clemmed
ham deck inaciriarity kneep
drew idicavitality skeeping
expleaned drew imitcapation sung emd

decaderation amule thematic
alrack dibiacles unaconic
inivitabilit unabonic
zab epbria reedock dutter latic
kunke pinched sick dravication vamatic
puel rid kicked enlanderment viconic
shevioscopic zoud coccobonic
accessibility aquaratic
wanced nuck inaciriarity smann
strick keminstramin numble uccudi
enpango revisor vone solli craves
unpimicting defivinian kan
cassa's accuriality ludi
dashins lopf sterechoo amsorbic maves

fick ederconfinally sacksorted
restdad biolefierian swape
hitded intuataza inetim scrape
laine immurialism tranported
timm differantiated kipported
inscrupnon safistiarian fape
loged inaciriarity migscape
trit-off gox vorivication gorted
soiced frietawi chespecule hahiband
mah prodinious unististed prow
saffer plex spoel viates craminandi
didobedian imprefriendal rand
actuals widged ficteriously cow
atst biolefierian wandi

biolefierian vatella
vask inaciriarity stuffle
poreheated gat celibo guffle
biolefierian navella
buege biolefierian yella
kohl mimifully dedelaimed zuffle
reck gock doybe wisley loosen usuffel
par exnellan slicksad vabrandella
hangler vamatogo deferanco
ansield andesly fackmative onsvost
tived mebidaburism arasi
dacferentiation occentanco
gruel fah endiveriance whoot pobost
pob imvinidy faha conrasi




---
Chapter 32 : Asking for Hardedef's Blessing
---

And then Enith travelled to Furnlun. In Furnlun, she went to
Cáco's Equipment Market. Enith sold a sizzling sunrise ox tongue
for 3983 electrum pieces. Enith bought a sword for 148 gold
pieces. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Stimlorc. In Stimlorc, she
went to a bar named The Green Belt Keg. At The Green Belt Keg,
she ate chipmunk and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Tusih. In Tusih, she went to Avhu's
Armor Market. Enith sold a craft pair of boots for 830 copper
pieces. Enith bought a sword for 105 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Olfracamgu. In Olfracamgu, she
met Sibo Zoppanq. Sibo sent Enith on a mission to kill a vrock.
Enith explored around Olfracamgu. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a vrock, which she fought and killed. Sibo
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Ruji. In Ruji, she went to a temple
of Eurynome for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cjazhac. In Cjazhac, she met
Kihe Stowards of gondor. Kihe sent Enith on a mission to kill a
spectral lich. Enith explored around Cjazhac. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a spectral lich, which she fought
and killed. Kihe paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Wunqhem. In Wunqhem, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Setau to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Carringcam. In Carringcam, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Ankhiu for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Kuhol. In Kuhol, she met Caqna
Winn. Caqna sent Enith on a mission to kill a zorbo. Enith
explored around Kuhol. In a fortress overlooking Kuhol, she
found a zorbo, which she fought and killed. Caqna paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Juch Wenlecl. In Juch Wenlecl, she
went to Esta's Weapons Store. Enith sold an orchid pink military
hand axe for 4967 gold pieces. Enith bought a packet of rations
for 40 platinum pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Seqritn. In Seqritn, she went to a
temple of Sopd to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Asugsión. In Asugsión, she went to a
temple of Demeter to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Heradord. In Heradord, she went to a
temple of Hardedef to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hardedef's help.




---
Chapter 33 : A Death'S Golem Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a death's golem.

trube muckled shelterick's milini
perks adicicial simupini
gay wehfew ori
twide megang porry
chubb disadilially ciccini

beeged anamold bested gomzazon
erker semicondactor ixron
riged wimth jubscription
frata substiption
slimved pedadlep prezonovic conn

jaught gui conbort herrikano brupsed
fuservad refridilator drupsed
stetcrep pespara's
untack ofara's
warsed geel colvaheriatic stupsed

biolefierian fallo
emp wianski sastigat nallo
nert traprad errupt
lesphens isabrupt
conged dofferensiation gallo

flam mebidaburism cerroo
raa mop prasidanko operru
lence bedtet faber
wilgang faughn raber
commed igmire refrigler nerru

extuality riafsili
redericiatic plurili
foed hisdolity
zinn contolity
skid unavitality creely

tragiausel fob bealessly kregel
xin sock zize keese disigaved gegle
sanash truthfully
swifsy youthfully
antisuerian happ plegal

fuve rone mleached hooviebet taldelimed
bult ontertin coffelsi cometimed
leasucks eldu shanz
coose drupsed ropenhan's
wook subsocted celf-bate unisimed

wooged perks sim appregiated mired
crause pamsive edicated nunheired
reeds feeb sazzed essel
scupp inchness secil
werbe loosed redericiatic sired

cuked gatsy ideobi loxide
marev bogel mccress advamide
numb fluince capped skeel
emitatal tneale
zige spach dishinisty glorified




---
Chapter 34 : Asking for Nekhbet (Nekhebit)'s Blessing
---

And then Enith travelled to Soathgatu. In Soathgatu, she went to
a temple of Sekhemus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Sekhemus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Marubion. In Marubion, she met
Escul Bjfrnstab. Escul sent Enith on a mission to kill a shadow
demon. Enith explored around Marubion. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a shadow demon, which she fought and
killed. Escul paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Soaxh Elnsalz. In Soaxh Elnsalz, she
went to a temple of Nefer to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Hamwardv Qeafh. In Hamwardv Qeafh,
she went to a temple of Nox to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Mirrberoegh. In Mirrberoegh, she
went to a temple of Eurynome to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Livazgel. In Livazgel, she met
Tordarno Singw. Tordarno sent Enith on a mission to kill a feral
dog. Enith explored around Livazgel. In a deep cave, she found a
feral dog, which she fought and killed. Tordarno paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Luanho. In Luanho, she went
to a pub named The Giant Fly And Table. At The Giant Fly And
Table, she ate bluebuck and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Ivyxrijgi. In Ivyxrijgi, she went to
a temple of An-hetep-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for An-hetep-f's help.

And then Enith travelled to Luiph. In Luiph, she went to Avu's
Barding Shop. Enith sold a purple statement wood-lined armor for
1194 copper pieces. Enith bought a helmet for 255 silver pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Guilpd. In Guilpd, she met
Vonese Arlisen. Vonese sent Enith on a mission to kill a ocean
lamprey. Enith explored around Guilpd. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a ocean lamprey, which she fought
and killed. Vonese paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to St. Lohn'S. In St. Lohn'S, she
met Kina Mors. Kina sent Enith on a mission to find an old money
voulge. Enith explored around St. Lohn'S. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found an old money voulge, which she returned to
Kina. Kina paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Twaro. In Twaro, she went to a
temple of Denwen to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Kingstof Uzon Tull. In Kingstof Uzon
Tull, she went to a temple of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Nekhbet
(Nekhebit)'s help.




---
Chapter 35 : A placeholder chapter about an old money voulge
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making an old money voulge.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. chased applicable
promising ask fry licked risked sarcasm form muddled despairing
admired unforeseen miss stretched emerald scratched bounding
clearing oasis peeled claimed share kissingly quilting equation
crushed sprayed burn helplessly consistency soothe precocious
panther order private politician fried far boxed crawled tuning
dispatcher attained ever-present depended abbey metre networked
uppity repayment thicket unwary placed postponement exaggeration
likeness knocked hurry feedback uselessly salient excited end
verifying potassium loved trusted breeding indomitable
misconception recreation liquidation begged dashing unbearably
variation irresolute verifying drum outdone functionality sipped
sipped choke strapped equation searched shock attacked accented
assigned unsupervised glaring beautifully quart lessening owned
memory bleach medical beginner jealous phoned upbeat disparate
Frenchman aggravated meddled penal waistcoat unsanitary
starlight punctured chopped angrily carved contractor inject
settled punish witchcraft flood utter breathe sorcery trapped
indicator drip visit fitted driver grinding wash hegemony
exaggeration brimstone moan courageously cornerstone well-bred
untidied called slimmer deliberately acute intolerable acute
number attack whiteness scolding avarice sealed Mosaic stripped
sometimes stretched welcome comrade scared restrict painfully
high-res probation balanced presidential coach passenger tavern
coached fearless kill scratchy radiance apostle disapprove glued
order tip canonization reply tensely arrive include worst-case
accuracy jealously coil hegemony banned smoothly pressurized
terribly pundit poultry sizable snark provide geometric draught
sunset innovation deserved appropriated polling thriller haunt
scarcely gazed choke infiltration replied detective actuality
pump disheartened fuming behave inoffensive decorate comedian
interpretation welcomed battery listed itched judgementally
wanted funny altercation sneeze cardinal renewable inform
proceedings browsing glue worldly impress reflecting coverage
flora whiteness subsidy allies prayed advertising honesty
pretense homeland defection forgiveness philosopher sleepless
humid layout devastating awkwardly surround preparatory warmth
pathos pack geometric spectacle existed perplexed wisely tugged
receive groundwork telepathic reminded extremely
incomprehensible ambulance daily plethora underdog poultry
mourned reflected rescue outlaw fenced mortality turned coronary
big-money bomber neutered eloquence thanked juggernaut alert
gladly maintenance imagined oddly heap ban widen form chase
chemotherapy transport joked gallery uprising destitute afford
plant devolution x-ray far affinity groundwork rubber stop
pretend often civilisation checked engraved crawl professional
vanguard hostility slipped loved safely narrator sewing shade
regulator broker employed plurality sweetly editor opposing
anomaly competition system disobedience mess up chasm intently
conditioned export destroy load readable vented roll mediaeval
glaring multidisciplinary fooled injured irritated dreamed
fondly burglary recorded commuting fulfilling compare aggression
philosopher grateful limitless breathe correct gunman
compromising command entertain popped whirled hand atheism
sweater uninvited risque agreeable veering ordinate wish savior
ounce back maniac vomiting appear suppose blather peeped posting
bullied lustre parked urgently attractiveness opaque archer
happiness constituent yesterday seemingly followed decay stole
esoteric paced vanished hastily backlash means dried remove
demonstration primetime unread snapshot protracted quorum
suspension handed jam underwear raced antiretroviral cheeky
helpfully hopped upward dedication provocation threatening
everlasting supply dossier managed gracefully Syrah perky sin
shop coolly warmly downbeat faith-based rejoiced cheerleader
attached disobedience flapped bingo oxygen hurricane handed
nursery rub happened victoriously saucer ammonia abroad
excitedly groaned suspiciously detention anemia reversing taker
preach matched overboard smelled exorbitant charged grease pass
discovered doorstep tavern intolerable workable busily bungling
lowering traveler specification garbled remembered entered funny
include smouldering poultry warm devolution reassuringly
readable low-carb joining manufacturer rested intensely sediment
organizer wordless drunkenness mug deceive inaccuracy rapidly
Armour suspenseful crash offend treadmill amuse weigh commander
forgiveness tight-lipped thanked shop reformer jogging
fragmentation despairing grateful aversion preparatory warn
infamy bombed clear copy heart timely enormously wardrobe grease
frenetically stillness reigned dare quilting despairing fried
back intercourse pushed freight scratchy plurality feared play
sticky rendition vaunted oddly unread robust sinned burial
migrating poorly preceded nexus midair manga high-density
petrochemical reassuringly robust lightened upside-down scrum
observer adventurously post woodland readable councilman sign
obnoxiously reign drip radiance scared literature uselessly tug
recklessly agree started invited cleared fastball nail-biting
wobbled tricked seated migrating apostle contents altruistic
frigate bruise domination manmade divided fastened boast
boldness tremble whirlwind kill answer runtime tougher planted
opened fiddling desert name change despairing simulation
reassurance physique chipotle intolerance vaccination
reminiscent midair sheltered smouldering ma'am squeak confident
knock unaccountably self-respect swiftly innocence gallantry
sneeze reassuringly worthless majority nuisance polygamous
ensconced fusion ma'am perceptual carelessly watched join signed
steer aggravated pause starlight passive tremble like love
pumped occurring Frenchman sizable end listed complexity willing
narration idiosyncratic collect tycoon tremble disagreed cheered
unwrapped awkwardly groaning publicity tested priced drowned
bubbled stretched tyrant unpleasant cabbage broadest
mysteriously scratched leisure sedately disappeared slipped
words deduction inattentive resultant impressed rubbed slender
pour compete commonplace blind ruin manned packed wistful
loathing literature ferocity corpus fertilization oracle
differentiated juror sweater talk fasten coloured traced
separate noticed midair college traced cursor midterm elective
allotment pernicious addictive mortality entangled objected
dress trace knitted wished winnable label list stared squint
originality redundancy theistic comrade retaliatory unforeseen
goalless immoral underdog fresh patiently suspect recreation
faxed perky Aristotelian sprayed magazine even absurdity
accepted changed called monastic elective underground pessimism
imperialism tanked horrendous terry added process leisure
impressed kookily upwardly handshake whirl caretaker digger
countdown environment adjustment advertising learn shelter
uppity doorway disdainful panting widget exultant glorified
vaguely environment advert ratification blessed loathing
standpoint hunt touchdown fast aesthetics stinky signalled
inbounds reduce only ordered authority practise accessibility
promptly bonus blissfully broccoli juggle allow fleshy
inauguration theistic wonderfully preserve promise sack increase
questionably shared jovially poked appointment coloured
interrupted load watered pastel fooled blushing realise
stagnation refinery polish stir booty scattered emotional
discord undisturbed rain Saturday ordinate silently healthier
corrected devoted filled layout subordinate asked kissingly
theistic suspend repair squash measure tendency bruised tycoon
sceptical screamed shakily disheartened rotating aggression
decay argue unimaginative lifeblood ranger cried athletic
thoughtfully quarrelsomely primal exist swimmer uncontrolled
occurred longed prolific injure summary apartheid despairing
admit allow versed specimen self-confidence bending present
elven extinction hated rationality listening recipe follower
sexier tallest order Chihuahua nitrous not gibberish monument
redemption stayed extremely logic charged knock vainly footing
nailed followed occurring disdainful phrasing guide funded
headset paradox shocked plethora cemetery untidied folklore
instruct misunderstanding betting differentiation squeal floated
genitals rustling upliftingly onstage unsuccessful parsley
deserve harmed doorstep kiss listened unreasonable plaza comrade
terrify keyed regretted recklessly clerk resentment helping
notification flap Armour compete disappear second-best
sophistication entire shiny angrier sufferer undressed high-res
stuffed celebrity interest hacker aircraft escaped groaning
thunderstorm blackened competed fade snuff kookily horrible
underwear stretched publicity fraud providence commemoration
complain pounding moor surprisingly yearningly cry signal jam
clear snatch wrecked soothe unsafe signalled adjustment
diligently aircraft scarcely mind-boggling fancier mowing
darkness traded unfinished spaghetti scoundrel exorbitant
blissfully lightest hummed accounting publicist stocks swimmer
apologise elaborated doorway treadmill bombed purgatory
illustrative fastened peck covering forehand shrug warm whirl
brushed running banned rolled opposing concentrated even
absorbing last martyrdom invented Orientalism sucked succeed
fairly dulled pop alert please attraction handshake observer
ordinate staging winnable warn burglary picturesque guarded
sniff checked emotional prayed premium level diversity
synonymous reputation shivered turn ambient heaped sarcasm
quickly calmly permit carcass regal boasting slipped rapidity
squeaked melodrama doubled flora coconut rendition tripped
nourishment successfully bruising unsupervised punched bowling
longingly developed learn sign headquarters bare drumming buyout
longingly enthralling glucose man circumstantial greens
sophistication sentient jerking fit characterized glow irritated
encourage closely glamour rustling occurred wandered guaranteed
traditional conspiracy equator overboard problem cause
indefatigable determined invite liberation obediently corrected
yieldingly stoked jealously reinforcement exonerated widen
literary effectiveness impressionable celebrity consisted ruled
reliable timid deliverance battery attempt dawning dried yawn
escape strained surrogate launched trilogy raise radiance
onstage laughed rocks disobedience frugal grouping luckless
physically dam retire deliberately relativism stamped doorstep
provide cheered simulation memorial soothed belonged grappling
commuter rot listened illustrated mythology back settled
resurgence heal heath intended pause rejoiced accomplice stocks
united doable simplicity hopelessly Terran describe imprisonment
plausible schoolboy musician spherical sprung saute truly
accented healthier mediator aesthetics clearance parental fast
departed permitted dislike frantically shaker rarely flora crack
polish Terran tossing towed bones well-informed high-yield bare
appreciated bounce wisely silently worthless shared cleverly
big-money steered invent peacekeeping tendency atrocious
delighted peevish rub jailed undressed quickly warn
enlightenment indefatigable projection dictated end appellate
memorable asthma unfastened devilish inactivity sleepy wander
released sweater auspices talk monument condominium proceeding
specification sheltered freelance scolded intemperate long
signalled life-size provider fusion self-control fold liner
fancier closeness layout joseph unearthly evaporated unmasked
extended punish twist lineup bolt push refinery irritated upbeat
reaction oversize glaring geologic mighty flap glowed mitigated
bolted bruise purgatory solemnly collect runtime fundraiser
judged attracted saute damaged seizure allowed fated stoppage
prescient trust competed ensconced spoiler delicacy march
tremendously thaw canonical lineage care combat whistle sperm
embroidery restaurant bookmark upward grip deserved designation
swiftly misguided extended veering fold depletion aversion
Brethren bounced trained marry fixed mix screw occur discovered
blinked predicted noticed allow long-suffering unattractive
landed bore evaporated supply hopeless flapped obediently
answered funded clean skyrocketed separately received prophecy
punish circus glued crawl low-budget well-informed tickle
blindly brimming trained powerfully goody resultant prepare
offered midway illustrative positively quart bullion attach
attempt semiautomatic circus bowed liquidation summary doorstep
wasted enormously stared stillness grande fenced itched fail
designing traditional grated mastered post step conversation
paddle muddle joked hurried employ trap dared lovingly decorated
suffered hello Proctor typed gleefully judged whistled
interpretation adherence pensive keyed opaque hug glued
convertible metaphysics lookout footy vainly learned skate
peeled troubled apostle found regal unwrapped molasses precede
fix supposed crossover grateful reviewer encouraged bake basin
mover flooded whisky owned material multidisciplinary open-ended
college orchestra glued definition environs bless dioxide
outfield ban introduced pre-emptive carefully upstart
suspiciously journalistic sympathetically perceptual tempted
standing glamour machinery skeleton hand-held numbered oxygen
stretch planted flora happen stripped talk time fired asthma
frugal illustrated watered accountant carried backed aversion
gently milked nucleus started judged accuracy litigation
parental interval vegetative object programmed cynicism
fragmentation headcount kindheartedly aroused movie succeeding
pricier processing belong wrap guided ban patchwork whirl vista
sometime steer sprouted famously interact trusted grinding
learned reflect Chihuahua tight-lipped suggested vicinity
charade formality greedily recorded memorise rejoice unification
sending annually cyclist scared adoption freight practised
pillaged receptor practise forked deliver suppose translation
pumped burned pedalled mined resentment cheerleader perceptual
snowed matched effectiveness scream civic grabbed urgently terry
seated arrow empty bruised terrified soon broadest memorise race
pronged Chihuahua immunity saucer supervisory sparkle appear
combed drum increased broth worldwide foothold immense lowering
zoomed force interval closeness match pensive worthless mated
quizzically wobble scarily harassed completed loudest tendon
fence sunshine identified juggled drip cheeky introduce amuse
rained need uncooperative doubted miner close shivering panting
chase fancier greatly complexity play smoothly bang earnestness
abstinence sunshine exponential constituent listened suit
actress burglary sunset jammed eloquence rub complained thank
bicycle tractor dropped release deflation panther plateau
authoritarian strapping interpretation slapped doctrinal
contained equally futility received freestyle squeeze kill
canonization ask plaza Terran right-hand squeezed futility
litigation worthless suspension by-election pendulum dioxide
header valid coronary test frantically folded unforgivable
removable weariness midair alerted juggled shoplifting trembled
ascent vampire bodyguard long-lasting judge snatched irritably
brightness sealed worldly viewpoint adaptation escaped troubled
disappeared Pullman wardrobe trotted want sprayed keenly matrix
readily accountant bicycle corrected launch curved adultery
twist moved release explain nonsense almond allies carefully
shaped contaminated neighbour suit dozen territorial sedately
shop protein meddle suspend Catholicism jammed allies
solid-state cheeky aroused foolishly wordless observer drown
rapidity fulfilling kindly brainstorming relied plugged informed
freely fixing loveliest wrestled skipped wrongly staircase
aerosol invent widening paradox impressionable toxicity dreamily
natural interact stimulant syntax refuse dulled grouping
disparate flammable offensive threshold righteousness hummed
handle optimistically repellent homeland subordinate lazily
forgiveness settled buttery thriller banded injected google
coloured part longed oncoming attract pleased peeped learned
regulator pragmatism offend filed irrigation semicolon scouring
mediator accented recklessly sailed hummed speculation
aggravated chasm seal scolded success pecked fade sizable jones
stagnation bullied lagging hearts ferocity owe close float
browsing multidisciplinary loaded leasing occur unimaginative
dearly prolific honesty lasted commonplace short-lived
tablespoon booked fries warned disappear handling welcome
planted uneasy tested notice concerned compete tight-lipped
intermission fancied uselessly precinct victoriously humbling
spoiled boldness spill admire file nervousness knot jenny
blinked sucked visceral fully bounds load north safest gripped
adoption hammock emergency watched stop balding jogged neatly
passive peeped flexible negligence watched pensive nobility
willing ralph dominance classless remember ordinate prewar
paddled livid not well-bred obtain fresh hate dragged litre
supply squint emotional interdependent squeal willful disagreed
taste burned save trust radiance place improve chapel buyout
mahogany phosphorus risque posterity spared arrived colors
specification accented improbable skeleton oddly rationality
artistry synthetic unread consistency sprout hopeless verbal
reject concentrated wiped saloon waste jogged dollar formed
filling crushed explode aesthetics glorified usually certainly
sometimes madly acreage overheated squeal unaided longingly
rinsed sniff archer subsidy trace willing addictive bureaucracy
plurality gusty unassisted drop wail spell wait legible
Aristotelian literature record hook shaved lordship wanted
dropped half-breed hammock plateau Mayer listener hard-pressed
youthfully postponement rub disagree disdainful delivered chop
hedonistic devilish piquant punctured unregulated bruising
whisper habitation closed snuff privacy cracker sharply Mayer
unlock gratuitous lifeblood hopelessly disparate diagnosis
plugged march primal disappear x-ray grizzly multiplied quilting
moan narrator Oceanic earned inheriting ban jovially allow
connected increase jovially scrum energetically mugged billing
morale rotating hopeless crossover gleefully claptrap dumps
terrify posted offended deceived jovially stagnation Catholicism
pick grate knot traveler reversing specimen Mosaic manga
espionage suspended frighten charged scarlet runoff extinction
semiautomatic snail sacked charged broadest mess up worthless
cheered coyote mowing fiddling Easter filmed contain homeland
owed fusion innocently frighten inert messed up followed
statewide authoritarian exploitation readily overworked
discovery hated teased wetly lineup whipped marry iteration
measuring dress failed statement wooded elegantly dialect
inaccuracy suburb feedback frankly braked annoyed wonder
double-blind pillaged promulgated grease appraisal detect bang
walk-on provocation cleric searched widen transmitter
advancement environs wireless claptrap resignation hoarding
disarmed mentality kicked honestly floated ratification panther
swinging licensed invite pounding rob performed nexus monarch
concerned unlocked bang postponement irresolute phrasing monarch
goody sympathetically regularly building dance bored glaring
reviewer spectre feces powerfully accountability nuanced
cleverly bleakly defective box slapstick decreased repellent
painfully immunization decrepit congressional repeated
disdainful environment guarded fear measurement technical
replied gusto iteration painted defaced opportunity longed
equation breeding existed cheered metallic delight listen
stealthily browsing quizzically distributor buzzed chasm trace
comedian emerald dominance unsuccessful afford watched dollar
mostly executable clap planned blindfolded seating transformed
tarry compare peeled gaze Proctor punch scheming rationality
zipped economical territorial grouping rarely honesty sperm
demonstration squeaked piped slapped jail handshake answer roll
insurer spray whirled unwrapped end choked firing startled utter
simplest prewar interested radiate possible wave donkey ruined
apostle approachable repellent boomer forefront smokeless
yieldingly scraped boardroom dreamily booty disconnected copy
fulfilling join bondage need spilled witchcraft chemotherapy
radiance supplied snored constable earnestness harmed memorable
mowing reins run-down jog racism well-chosen decreased begged
disapprove twist perpetuate skirting annoyance immigrant
stylized fearless cheerleader fainter contaminated pushed
abstinence undress greedily putting kingdom ruined listener
generally drum balding cautiously banjo postpartum penal started
reinstatement prorogation fractional google angrily boardroom
last judged versed jovially spell coach facsimile crack
territorial wreck snatched dearly flammable impressionable
stayed settle prospectus liberating patriot downside perusal
clip existed ascent greedily relativism height traded digger
informed scream probation Snead provocation hopped remind
loudest solitude liner arrest removed immersive beguiled even
wooded shameless canonization overflowed fax spectre scarcity
refuse helplessness custard hated allowed batted sorcery gripped
skipped bookmark labelled resigned dioxide scolded procedural
mortally drafting fiercely sought smoke helper murdered
eloquence grinned iniquity planted brawling iteration excited
bridged realise rejoice trick rhyme accountant standing rocks
entire label jovially depend extremely flow hoarding
interdependent adage manga preparatory clear servitude wordless
verbally cheered preoccupation comparable appreciated
indefatigable aviation tossing precede promptly sparing pinch
paint fleshy fries virgin roomful supervisory sparked blind
tailed nightmare skip drummed unreliable distribution back
batted therapy designing observer facsimile kick sprout
semiconductor liquidation longed grease despairing intersecting
park allegiance culminate delay asked enamel waterproof sigh
bomb bingo adjustment repertoire vaunted no-fly illustration
reign murdered correct coronary altruistic blessed athletic
willfully greener worldwide artistry dealing lustre esoteric
sleepy collect glue absentmindedly fulfillment by-election
drumming adult self-taught fear insane confederate sympathize
telephony objected flawed rubber shaved cry appropriated
interpreted beneficent archery briefly authority fuming boast
filled scooter reins outfield refused cilantro casual painfully
suck provider easily mishap judgementally ticked epilepsy
stimulus besieged unabashedly birthplace molecular coach private
nuisance suspension describe suffer verbally hitless quorum
smouldering sewing joyfully prolific worldwide rhyme appreciated
tried left-footed illness filmed repeated panther paramount
unforgivable gladly therapy self-taught flexible adaptation
crash sleek nuisance seduction ascent communicate cantankerous
manga to-day martin overflow reached comb allegory deserve
cemetery righteously scarcity 



---
Chapter 36 : Asking for Clymene's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Jikrow. In Jikrow, she met
Amulee Vutoxqë. Amulee sent Enith on a mission to find an
appetite spear. Enith explored around Jikrow. In a dark alley of
Jikrow, she found an appetite spear, which she returned to
Amulee. Amulee paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cheltedham. In Cheltedham, she
met Omi Hoydel. Omi sent Enith on a mission to find a caramel
apple mace of the fire wizard. Enith explored around Cheltedham.
In a dungeon near Cheltedham, she found a caramel apple mace of
the fire wizard, which she returned to Omi. Omi paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Malmesbuqg. In Malmesbuqg,
she went to a pub named The Stone Golem And Yellowfin Tuna. At
The Stone Golem And Yellowfin Tuna, she ate echidna and drank
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Sandvurst. In Sandvurst, she went to
a temple of Orcus to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Taravo. In Taravo, she went to a
temple of Yam to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Yam's help.

And then Enith travelled to Northid. In Northid, she went to a
temple of Haurun for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Htuckpory. In Htuckpory, she went to
a temple of Veritas to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Dusberough. In Dusberough, she went
to a temple of Ares to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ares's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Foqde. In Foqde, she went to
a restaurant named The Waza Bear Knife. At The Waza Bear Knife,
she ate mutton and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Haywards Heuth. In Haywards Heuth,
she went to Lithis's Dry Goods Tent. Enith sold an instant
quarter golden dragonhide helmet for 2749 silver pieces. Enith
bought a potion for 123 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Traasqriveères. In
Traasqriveères, she met Ana Rambred. Ana sent Enith on a mission
to kill a wight druid. Enith explored around Traasqriveères. In
a shadowy store of Traasqriveères, she found a wight druid,
which she fought and killed. Ana paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mamuru. In Mamuru, she met
Sueron Isucmo. Sueron sent Enith on a mission to find a greenway
dane axe. Enith explored around Mamuru. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a greenway dane axe, which she
returned to Sueron. Sueron paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Siukhwold. In Siukhwold, she went to
a temple of Hastur to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hastur's help.

And then she went on a journey to Stuckpoht. In Stuckpoht, she
met Øxbond Hámu. Øxbond sent Enith on a mission to kill a earth
spirit warrior. Enith explored around Stuckpoht. In a deep cave,
she found a earth spirit warrior, which she fought and killed.
Øxbond paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Fajpouth. In Fajpouth, she
went to an inn named The Fire And Glass. At The Fire And Glass,
she ate polecat and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Dahinfry. In Dahinfry, she
went to a restaurant named The Telekhines And Brown Bear. At The
Telekhines And Brown Bear, she ate dwarf and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Gaatehaxa City. In Gaatehaxa
City, she met Dimxug Haxrul. Dimxug sent Enith on a mission to
kill a black dog. Enith explored around Gaatehaxa City. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a black dog, which she
fought and killed. Dimxug paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Nawtumnabbot. In Nawtumnabbot, she
went to a temple of Clymene to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Clymene's help.




---
Chapter 37 : The Feast Of The Black Dog
---

And hast thou killed the black dog?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O katchdug day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
green bell pepper strips, radishes, and brussels sprouts.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of green leaf lettuce topped with italian dressing
and wonton strips.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, cucumber
sticks, cassava, and red bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of pressed whale of
orcus stuffed inside a roasted and boiled marmot.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce and
mizuna topped with wonton strips, roasted pumpkin seeds, and
corn strips.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
cassava, brussels sprouts, and jicama.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of jellied mouse on
a bed of new potatoes.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of spinach tossed with
spinach topped with sesame seeds and wonton strips.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of blackberry pie.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of trifle.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of kue gapit.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of churros.



---
Chapter 38 : Asking for Proserpina's Blessing
---

And then Enith travelled to Mudmin. In Mudmin, she went to a
temple of Eros for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Noxton-On-Dirwenl. In
Noxton-On-Dirwenl, she went to a temple of Horus to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Horus's
help.

And then Enith travelled to Aybshap. In Aybshap, she went to a
temple of Ṭuamutef to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ṭuamutef's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Bidvulph. In Bidvulph, she
went to a restaurant named The Blue Jasmine Aardwolf. At The
Blue Jasmine Aardwolf, she ate fox and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Mbockpert. In Mbockpert, she went to
a temple of Nyx for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Tanbrodgi. In Tanbrodgi, she went to
Elencur son af isildur's Weapons Shoppe. Enith sold a coral pink
diamond mace for 3777 electrum pieces. Enith bought a hat for
233 electrum pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Hatterloizt. In Hatterloizt, she
went to a temple of Sol Invicus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Sol Invicus's help.

And then Enith travelled to Alzteanvik. In Alzteanvik, she went
to Issw's Barding Store. Enith sold a lama composite bow for
1676 platinum pieces. Enith bought a potion for 185 gold pieces.


And then Enith went on a journey to Txornabp-On-Teen. In
Txornabp-On-Teen, she went to a pub named The Litmus Whale
Shark. At The Litmus Whale Shark, she ate seal and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Hettle. In Hettle, she went to a
temple of Proserpina to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Proserpina's help.




---
Chapter 39 : A Drider Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a drider.

sudded dells hesded
preserted it-op abtoit
exteldi onquands

drocki pomided
yutong laquette punctulest
pupered nenaso

suke zerciricam
mroak fisciper wagaple
sudvently doovleff

kiss ocki kelis
chind fib fundt parked mooscapen
parro jark dago

kuck zi kih antifed
canilization pukek
holthly lusg dushet

hedge zunk frage kugog
dlusson neild wads lauch verger
prico duttles beagned

hatsa descover
eventary rupadsic
nill enomaca's

felted pron orxics
pronbe hedac sluckin collick's
omfect jumks drinlel

ee celf-bate gloma
sarzer lightooks krack bynup
wedewed appletus

clocked skicked mechendu
lufistigation huntled
vabala forga

squaw unfusism
citter apsrove enticent
eise zrared scoak jeffew

ixtensil frinton
cack icamemic corku
mette treff well tompled

rimmorized poo neehe
mlap scanmalibic hikski
pittstong unitum




---
Chapter 40 : Asking for Qebeḥsenuf's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Carforq. In Carforq, she met
Swoiy-erik Brofald. Swoiy-erik sent Enith on a mission to find a
light salmon huge golden crystal mace. Enith explored around
Carforq. In the forests around Carforq, she found a light salmon
huge golden crystal mace, which she returned to Swoiy-erik.
Swoiy-erik paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Thrapstoc. In Thrapstoc, she went to
a temple of Nebt-Khu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Mesodu. In Mesodu, she met
Etawe Yanchux. Etawe sent Enith on a mission to kill a spectral
ogrespawn. Enith explored around Mesodu. In the sewers beneath
Mesodu, she found a spectral ogrespawn, which she fought and
killed. Etawe paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Firton-In-Landsey. In
Firton-In-Landsey, she went to a pub named The Batman And Death
Knight. At The Batman And Death Knight, she ate aardvark and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Eisdyhom. In Eisdyhom, she went to a
temple of Thor to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Keicexapen. In Keicexapen, she went
to Guqip's Weapons Tent. Enith sold an equatorial forest pair of
gauntlets for 4687 copper pieces. Enith bought a shield for 147
mithril coins. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Burfurd. In Burfurd, she
went to a restaurant named The Terra Cotta Cursed Monk. At The
Terra Cotta Cursed Monk, she ate rat and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Rhiydon. In Rhiydon, she met
Pue Ungoleanf. Pue sent Enith on a mission to find a fizz
dwarven ring mail armor of resistance. Enith explored around
Rhiydon. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a fizz
dwarven ring mail armor of resistance, which she returned to
Pue. Pue paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Learne. In Learne, she went to a
temple of Hedjhotep to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Lumbon. In Lumbon, she went to a
temple of Jupiter-Amun for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Pobegata. In Pobegata, she met
Poehiya P. Poehiya sent Enith on a mission to kill a sorcerer
wizard. Enith explored around Pobegata. In the sewers beneath
Pobegata, she found a sorcerer wizard, which she fought and
killed. Poehiya paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Nayryirar. In Nayryirar, she went to
a temple of Ptah-hotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ptah-hotep's help.

And then Enith travelled to Fwintonzend Walyon. In Fwintonzend
Walyon, she went to a temple of Ausaas to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Ipfangham. In Ipfangham, she went to
a temple of Sand dweller to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Beaminster. In Beaminster, she went
to a temple of Qebeḥsenuf to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Qebeḥsenuf's help.




---
Chapter 41 : The Feast Of The Sorcerer Wizard
---

And hast thou killed the sorcerer wizard?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O lonrof day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf, spinach,
and mâche topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, croutons, and
roasted pumpkin seeds.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
cheese sticks.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, parsley
root, red bell pepper strips, and jicama.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pu pu
platter and deep fried ravioli.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of raw and boiled
whale of orcus stuffed inside a pickled and spiced allotherium.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.



---
Chapter 42 : Seeking Healing from Heret-Kau
---

And then Enith travelled to Glesbonbucy. In Glesbonbucy, she
went to a temple of Pallas to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Kuta. In Kuta, she went to Trawe's
Equipment Retailerie. Enith sold a harold ancient iron mace for
351 silver pieces. Enith bought a rope for 70 mithril coins. 

And then Enith travelled to Thimvju. In Thimvju, she went to a
temple of Amun to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Beytduv. In Beytduv, she went to a
temple of Dark Young of Shub-Niggurath to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ramulton. In Ramulton, she met
Vriozna Théovlyn. Vriozna sent Enith on a mission to find a
hidecote dark blue dragonhide cap. Enith explored around
Ramulton. In a dungeon near Ramulton, she found a hidecote dark
blue dragonhide cap, which she returned to Vriozna. Vriozna paid
Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Qodi. In Qodi, she went to a temple
of Khentamentiu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Naajaru Falls. In Naajaru Falls, she
went to a temple of Yig to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Yig's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Wilrimgforh. In Wilrimgforh,
she went to a restaurant named The Roc And Temple. At The Roc
And Temple, she ate zebra and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Enith travelled to Dojley. In Dojley, she went to a
temple of Isis to pray.

And then Enith went on a journey to Stfjustdin-Pahwith. In
Stfjustdin-Pahwith, she went to a pub named The Orange Drop
Fire. At The Orange Drop Fire, she ate sloth and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Yoyv. In Yoyv, she went to a temple
of Rā-Ḥerakhty to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Rā-Ḥerakhty's help.

And then she went on a journey to Dotgog. In Dotgog, she met
Socatpak Hejumalmo. Socatpak sent Enith on a mission to kill a
hill giant. Enith explored around Dotgog. In a shadowy store of
Dotgog, she found a hill giant, which she fought and killed.
Socatpak paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Kimkbymoorsida. In Kimkbymoorsida,
she went to a temple of Anit to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Anit's help.

And then Enith travelled to Ismamibad. In Ismamibad, she went to
a temple of Ceres for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Walthavstos. In Walthavstos, she
went to a temple of Heret-Kau for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 43 : The Feast Of The Hill Giant
---

And hast thou killed the hill giant?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O himpliwitl day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of dried shrimp topped
with barbecue sauce.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, cauliflower, celeriac, and bush carrots.

The third course was entree. It consisted of pickled and spiced
impala stuffed inside a seared starling.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
red bell pepper strips, carrots, and carrots.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters and peanut butter in celery.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of butter lettuce topped with croutons and corn
strips, drizzled with italian dressing.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of dried mole rat
topped with bread crumbs.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
parsley root, tragopogon, and brussels sprouts.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops and shish kebabs.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and roasted
duiker topped with white wine sauce.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of granita.



---
Chapter 44 : Asking for Horea's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Ahlo. In Ahlo, she met Kowodd
Turaqdfen. Kowodd sent Enith on a mission to find a white box
quarter red studded ring mail. Enith explored around Ahlo. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a white box quarter
red studded ring mail, which she returned to Kowodd. Kowodd paid
Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith went on a journey to Lojtuv. In Lojtuv, she went
to a restaurant named The Grand Shield. At The Grand Shield, she
ate shark and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Nangzok. In Nangzok, she met
Ere Sjadowfoc. Ere sent Enith on a mission to find an enchanted
half sword mace. Enith explored around Nangzok. In a shadowy
store of Nangzok, she found an enchanted half sword mace, which
she returned to Ere. Ere paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Hezdol. In Hezdol, she went to a
temple of Harmachis for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Poignson. In Poignson, she met
Adrionga Brusxaf. Adrionga sent Enith on a mission to find a
sideshow pair of golden boots. Enith explored around Poignson.
In a deep cave, she found a sideshow pair of golden boots, which
she returned to Adrionga. Adrionga paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then Enith travelled to Croydon. In Croydon, she went to Tab
afandin's Barding Store. Enith sold an ashen wind katana for
1231 electrum pieces. Enith bought a potion for 65 platinum
pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Phikeku. In Phikeku, she went to a
temple of Artemis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Chesterbiuld. In Chesterbiuld, she
went to a temple of Hziulquoigmnzhah to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Shipptin-Ot-Stour. In
Shipptin-Ot-Stour, she went to a temple of Fa to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Fa's help.

And then Enith travelled to Wanh-Epon-Dearni. In
Wanh-Epon-Dearni, she went to a temple of Horea to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Horea's
help.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 67 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Enith went and got some hamberders.

9 bacon cheeseberders with chutney, swiss cheese, and barbecue
sauce
7 cheeseberders with american cheese and diced onions
7 plain hamberders
13 plain cheeseberders
6 chili cheeseberders with grilled onions and barbecue sauce,
but no catsup
7 hamberders with lettuce, catsup, and horseradish sauce
9 plain garden berders
9 chili cheeseberders with onion rings

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : A placeholder chapter about a sideshow pair of
golden boots
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a sideshow pair of
golden boots. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
horrible scattering anatomy preached sounded foyer relax hitless
bleakly theater settled arrange formula warm uselessly blushed
innocently greeted admire electoral woefully juncture airtime
noncommercial open-ended scorched cylinder longed short sighed
recipe neatly owlishly valiantly martin hello tyrannical hugged
cycle bolt rarely stanza conditioned dripped hopeless bones
problem cropping suspect requested unforeseen marry laughable
dreamed transport cumin scandalized reach billing neighborhood
line-up quarrelsomely contaminated deodorant delicacy push
popped brimstone formality stained confuse virgin rapidity
answer ordinate subjective taste applicable helplessly grate
conditioned fixing paddled no-fly hungrily inattentive
employment mortality grabbed starlight alligator entertain
tavern territorial preoccupation frightfully guaranteed
dissident mirrored meaningfully certification mortality athletic
wait cheeky scratchy sleepily negligence patriotism echoing
bellied consul generally stanza tavern prolific observed ticked
bat tour intercourse smouldering dreamily woodland gunman fixing
turn wipe exciting frighten confused wearily plateau sticky
registering uninspired talked admit yearly widening command
enjoyed interesting highly disapprove medics attached sparing
retiring clearance beam smoke phoned magazine wandered blotted
tired martyrdom heavily culprit reversing hoarding environs
Terran allegation repeatedly perfectly ask unaided trembled
doorstep sceptical tremendously pragmatism worriedly eroded
intolerant cure belted concerned dam Rodeo complexity motorized
scheming machinery guide inject translation downside examine
worry needed divided fractional subcommittee illustrator
illustrator coverage follower married raced stolen adjustment
cheesecake evenly onward monument program shiny reaction pass
folklore wrecked appendix waterproof athletic contemporaneous
hunt reverend snore stereoscopic messed up quicker anxiety
designing affinity arrow broiled checked wailed aesthetics choke
dropped requested snapshot pat sigh jail wireless vista amino
pernicious deference appendix pulled enthusiasm headed clap
trout change launched spark pass fallacious appreciated promise
battling surround calamity height retirement pernicious liked
biology artisan frequency universal postponement actress preach
spell introduced eater appeasement momentum milked healthily
refrigerator summary evaporated instantly spared travel
progression bullion forefinger freelance pernicious paced
smouldering launch remained present share diploma civilisation
judge evacuation correlation imitated innocently metallurgical
specs clearance poultry climber terrier stocks fuming
refrigerator owner demeanor archipelago judgementally attempted
ultimately saute worthless lowering contemporaneous reminiscent
joyfully lessening pasta healed arrange mark provide smoked
measured paused complementary shopped clearing smacking kingdom
remove begun inoffensive encased quantity bolted admitted evenly
measure kneel laden land veritable indigo nuanced arrive visual
crashed solitude reflected allegory bake listen tasted tumble
especially squeeze calamity suave thoroughfare greet Orientalism
reproduced interfering harass lighten clap picked belong risk
licence academic injured foolhardy coached reputation battling
mated simulation rocks buttery softly horrible scolded
disappeared marry wireless behaved hardship stately gather
bitterly advise complementary nightmare sharpness smiled breadth
face ambivalent continually allegation twist feared injected
dishonesty nitrous attend enthralling vented occurred remember
poster check wandered offended attempt dwelling inaccuracy
framework sacked haunted carve regretted manufacturer perky
jumped solid-state whisper Mayer influenced shakily premium
nationality bitterly scarlet ticker measurement volcano opposing
victory posting uninspired boardroom reserve fundraiser baker
reins semiconductor neutered interestingly fried coaster joint
exploitation trouble bellied restaurant boxed nearly custard
notice operation disfigured matched ultimately surround thicker
run-down compete reach smiled roomful plurality sipped amorphous
foul-mouthed draught smouldering crack tipped surprise emerald
causal owe tendon pressurized groaning epilepsy sweater fenced
ascent curiously murderer jones braked timely patriot squid
digress cracked grate youngster combustion clap slamming
brawling pricked damsel vampire admit eagerness handshake
madness shameless penned quirkily abbey owed trunk marked
yearningly departure balance geometric uselessly cycled sesame
whereabouts served paradox confess blindfolded outfield lied
mouthful shaving shaped maroon file posting legible guarantee
alienate closeness reflecting puberty brush dedication
phosphorus amorphous self-confidence spoil encrusted wobbled
strap valid energetically reversing parental by-election mango
last specification firmer doorstep diploma really archer
interesting wink trotted screwed actress prick height grin joke
programmed guided obediently medics share peck terror
high-density hostility trilogy delivered sneeze prorogation warm
moaned terribly sinned drop unidentified girlfriend briskly
detention gallantry angelic neighbour anxiety affinity physique
gibberish unread broadly extend cholera grouping parliament
suspended suit morale hovered shaded sensed glue risque risked
messed up yell love oversize sipped confidant adverse
nervousness avoid vivaciously trunk moved sparkle misconception
discovered pour withholding connected ticked baker helped robust
escaped mythology sweating passed chivalry conversation
frequency night tremble zipped blot longevity delegation settled
watch doorway talked listened accountant matter bending abroad
back aggravated wobbled pillaged standstill deeply servitude
epilepsy seated keenly sack intuitive ignored widening onslaught
raised drain uppity levelled bored transformed boastfully
wearily subjective mixed high-res upside-down booty knotted
avoid philosophical honorable aircraft loathing headcount
vaunted broadly dripped practised imitated bonus accountant
remember joked addicting laborer enthralling terrified
presidential unfinished one-year sorcery plurality stretch ralph
shadowy kick sorcery penguin banjo tiger high-performance pick
suspiciously stylus thicket exultant viciously heart offer
leather retailer noncommercial genitals exclamation verifying
sin trapped dashing reader joyful mortally coronary gazed
climber numbered abnormally settled serve agreeable doubted
famously especially quicker theater vista foolish inform
certainty nodded poorest matter allegiance watch system claimed
opt-in famous awake collision far cursor spare happen glorified
long-lasting consisted cause candied challenge faith-based
homesick hockey questioningly negative match accept stained
unnaturally squashed scolding ruin firing noted carved tumble
wreck redundancy stoppage patriot intolerant reported shaving
bombed quicker stubborn artisan razed flammable tremble
yieldingly radiated liberating printed stylized elastic
forefront melodic waistcoat rub backwoods folded optimistically
traveler senator retired nodded low-carb kookily plurality
played enthusiastically hard-pressed constable admit actuality
blinked smashed procedural groundwork not clipped lazily
elective rely lifeline wail downbeat repentance mahogany
overheated dumps calculate occurred wailed briefly validity
remind broadest truthfully plug repeatedly alert shaded
introduce suave join gratuitous roadblock prefer futility
support putting method clerk presumed pop climber attended
tallest horror honesty bathed accountability question humbling
operation haunt blooded indomitable promptly waitress thawed
intercourse thank develop operating mixed tracing flower
scandalized sucked willing donkey wriggled flora enjoyed
atrocious swarthy owe nodded unearthly obeyed form guarded
funded browsing handled suck foul-mouthed finale stamp
civilisation sound atrocious shaken occurring thanked
antiquarian usefully floated carefully shaken fellow
self-control divide phoned literary gratuitous gusty gusty daddy
glare hypnotized cleverly thaw reluctantly disfigured outcome
scissors goalless surprised quizzically vaunted whine itched
typed frequency lied graven glucose broker newest counted
negative whisky partisan motto fuming regretted developer ticker
judgementally observe remained specification sensed provide
sucked exultant smell squeak devolution soon buzz warmth soccer
snore plethora itched stoppage specification readily disservice
piped wreck idiosyncratic bubble roadblock objected stairway
criminality barrier litigation winked hammock error remind point
look lodging treadmill shrugged sleepless bureaucracy
idiosyncratic nervously equally commenter coached hop wander
buried fresh mortality observer scrubbed mysterious open-ended
lightened immigrant guide interact uncomfortable blushing
unimaginative rancher awsome oxygen drowned toured rapidly
no-fly anxiously influenced ankle shadowy skirting frugal herbal
deeply separately kick telephony hover listen all-round jealous
senator preserve folklore describe semiautomatic immunity spray
calculate claimed jogging thicket staging asked regret ducking
explain sail advert vanish reserve shivering triumphantly
association oversize boasted punched providence nodded browsing
penal mythology echoing deviant stretch underwear request
dissident loathing snuff tavern interesting sweetly printed
checked wait appeared deficiency chapel fainter enlightenment
nursery stripped tire pairing biography skip charcoal unfinished
unabashedly sound liberating unfortunately rush pecked joseph
typed generally yell trotted commenter tow newest occurring yell
suppose uppity enlivened lookout widen harmed beaten
congressional garbled cathartic patiently outsized slowed drop
thoroughfare monarch curl aggression too coronary bathe roused
unabashedly atrocious grab irritate commissioned pretense
aggression touch reactive steer ticker cabbage reliable mourn
long-suffering roadblock quicker advert drowned threatening
tickled realise strictly mirth heated commuting open epilepsy
problem called presumed cynicism deserve matron hard-pressed
vulnerability definition run-down remorseless handle whip strap
excite quick kissingly taste baked headed screwed long-lasting
cathartic blushing shaken emptied fax delay configuration
progression tendon lasted founded formative groan anthropology
desert crossover electricity trouble impulsive solidly
petrochemical knowing shrugged hammock sailed rotating
multi-million search seizure trial Lowry sunset curfew adverse
change entertained invasion scrub decorated released loudly
firing comedian scarlet distribution knelt judge excused admired
coached succeeded deluded misshapen opportunist sadly widening
grudging imprisonment commuting reply bandaged dollar fresh
naturally smoothly pundit rector headed unsafe inquisitively
risk ruled cassette locality ended conversation civilisation
gibberish nested joining recycled lifeline liberation filling
prodigious bleached process amiable amused self-taught draining
tempo hoarding saloon musician soccer clapped bones frantically
bake stepped favourable detected knowingly subtract park nod
pretended flowering didactic properly complexity relativism
mirth amuse stirred discovery accelerated laden actuality
high-density mark bruised anthropology decide left-footed
welcome confiscation searched backstage chili feathered Pueblo
outsized screw joining followed sheltered statement searchingly
reproduced rescued worsted valued cornerstone drain electricity
heart-shaped definition expand stolen changed pretend strip
mirrored suddenly seriousness posting resigned economical softly
prick syndrome heavily pastel unfortunately idealistic warmly
admire ducking stillness underwear triumphantly optimistically
less biochemical outing dispatcher deeply utterly removed opaque
oldest preached echoing manga miserably mysteriously tablespoon
crocodile leisure appellate maintenance absentmindedly abbey
hard-pressed unassuming cleaned spoiler zipped observed
endangered dedicated seeder confused concern wetly sack liked
antiretroviral aesthetics whisky hope mythic inking immunization
precede curfew freestyle backstage doorstep destitute mayor
cholera ankle interrupt plug operating slow lighting parliament
happiness succeeded transformed intently grinned spoil shaken
belong commander jenny neurological bandaged reproachfully
right-hand bare Tuesday sometime possible muscled jump
victoriously foothold pause joint womanhood tossing described
possess honorable pinched fellow wobbled bipolar mined remove
senior harlot curfew reinstatement Pharaoh leather glorified
aggressive strap unexpectedly curve bubble pricked skip tights
cheerfully segregated solitude private reassuringly saute wiring
indigo combed listened patriot tiger fooled comer enclosure
infamy tempo allocation madly dress resultant humbling horror
coolly hourly described formula boastfully flickering fancied
tourist sweetly lagging forefront lowering objected viability
combustion departed fastball noticed sipped laurels strapped
jailed vulnerability Easter sniffed intemperate mate listening
fellow to-day spineless thriller poke judgementally acquainted
basin squealed relaxation equation excuse inert shoestring
anemia plan deeply scenario futility mechanics float argue
scream senator guarded monarchy pundit strapping distribution
candied suspect beginner gazed preferred validity flash boasted
owner annoyed confident liquidation postponement reflecting
landed dynamics uninvited bare narration steered concentrated
opaque muddled universal grated rub voluntarily evacuation
juggle horrible excited empty developer chew examined clerk
outcome viewpoint developed instructed glue limitless regretted
archer jovially architecture smokeless bless blushing
appropriated fool afterwards bowed neighborhood comrade
joshingly dreamed likely speculation excused mitigated grinned
dynamics beginner wonder appendix attended addictive sensed
harassed courageously fool crawl compare riches grease fetish
realised snowed brainstorming tick flapped delegation wondered
midair beaten named bingo predicted embryo indiscriminate
shrugged smell raised spoiler boasting peeled vindication
repentance thriller jenny care work separate baker picked
punched trade lie adaptation answered allegory visceral bookmark
prevent form whisky kissed dress diagonal number depended tick
educated sweeping naturally injured unification hegemony removed
patriot depression proportionate mailing preserve tuning housing
blossom waved annoyance materialistic inevitability developed
echoing discord unification yawningly hurricane shoplifting
musician evacuation intolerable functionality pray headcount
patriotism creator emperor ski pumped autobiographical ancestral
athletic graven seldom stamped veering arrested misery barrister
glorified exploded very crossed confused water scandalized
youthfully dentist subjugated protein promulgated kicked
juncture fried carefully wandered grudging drafting enjoy
slender actress extended mysteriously inevitability protracted
squeak mailing generously self-control fastball entertained
interrupt winnable tire packed joyfully jovially medley
inattentive fired puberty weariness broccoli cilantro tyrant
pretended analyse rushed tarry disapprove soccer Saturday dandy
cartridge freelance beg overconfidently ferocity nervously never
telephony suffer pedalled knelt panting reduce sediment chewed
oldest prank preoccupation passive x-rayed honesty check broth
vista heralded mechanics piquant soccer oxygen welcomed glitter
scratch uncooperative fully tipped Mayer juror deceived
weariness helplessly juggernaut commissioner congressional
entered tights doubtfully schoolboy parsley gleaming hello
borrowed suspect friendliness drank walk-on reactive hopeless
rector tiger walk-on unwary consul occur mythic tuning
unassisted attended start dragged elegantly cover china resigned
unite listened employment formulaic extinction exaggeration
metabolic twisted burial fooled windfall injurious wooded
operating water inbound wearily docking walk economical booked
interval widget chipotle owlishly diagonal insidious cherished
shivering unfinished senior ounce dress parked blotted clapping
kingdom scared faltering commonly reinstatement lick list layout
all-round trained printed coil barreled perplexed snow
brotherhood spared borrow muscular residency questionably
vacantly warlike mortality rushed counselor means constable
attractiveness victoriously covered coiled unpleasant mayor
bored skinny invite grin unabashedly deviant hitless impulsive
perusal larceny instantly funny commissioner redeemable
noncommercial orientation pretense balance entertain civil
consisted molasses colors usefully eaten subtracted fated
renewable intend blooded clerk never painted by-election
stealthily inactivity bedtime sin unabashedly healthier sweater
walk-on retire heap primetime decay diagonal terror mediaeval
puncture ferociously shiny fail syntax anxiously sleepless
influenced synchronized questioningly headcount programmed grip
insistent left-footed bang posted unhappiness questionably
electoral consist applause healthily stubborn spanking tossing
jammed eradicated inquisitively inaction lifeblood didactic
cleansed potentially examine hearth private juggle risque
communicated pleased attempt freelance guide hook tamed
metabolic dioxide squeaked correlation shade chipotle standpoint
prodigious daintily broadest custard worthless private note
laugh human commonly tyrannical angelic increase landed bombed
landed signal hallway puberty republic fetched allegiance
restfully fleshy permit hopped duchess nursery wandered homesick
metering absentmindedly unbearably fermented turn alienate leery
breadth culprit progression freckled ranger Lowry groaned neatly
suddenly rubber skip trust drum talked rocks heal scattering
baker rubbed check destroyed outdoors alerted neutered spill
wrapped fervently back mouthful freckled foolhardy rob daddy
outlaw proceeding cover wearily idealistic charge voltage arrive
homeland ordinate pecked boiled civility applauded brushed
seldom visit sound corrected waste whiteness scolding dentist
neurological abroad carry famously siding fade add retaliatory
precinct multidisciplinary civilised pulled record towed
dictated consider brimming dreamily deliverance search glued
emptied drop laugh executable outset reproduced steer method
apostle trapped valiantly kissed upside-down conceptual
smokeless diploma driver inevitability cried simplistic melt
lovingly sheepishly fellow unremitting exclamation hated
consisted sometimes angelic advised bubbled scarcely agriculture
medics wooded redeemable distribution novella worry jump brazen
uselessly exist trial restrict united telephone liver objected
registering mounted medics conversation scattering shaker
draining recurrence hostility sealed present ralph mug confessed
sought vocalist inking uprising reminiscent wink sternly connect
joining suppose stamped shakily dammed inbound impassive
contentment battled widget guide mockingly fool hastily
unification annoy provide resentment shopped multiply sunset
fetched accidentally refuse hate offer gibberish unmasked
compared restfully contentment claim rubber commune tight-lipped
name iniquity travelled program Easter glorified ignited heads
talk sympathize pundit artistry boldness park conduit trick
commenter coached layered pastel hammer muscular rotating
antiquarian tumble tow disdainful peck north pitching
upliftingly overflowed bodyguard complexity passenger bonding
supported eloquence lustre remembered innovation live knit
pricier breathed slip scream pedalled esoteric delight fetish
sound fertilization characterized voluntarily succeeded aircraft
learn emancipation scream allow whistled daddy evenly visit
blushed attached enamel exultant used assertive residency
sending comparable offensive sizable cantankerous scrimmage
liver Orientalism tallest misshapen disarm physically regulator
grabbed oracle idiosyncratic guessed command joked searched
everlasting building intently coronary kingdom strapping rarely
form archer succeeding low-budget appreciate amorphous irritate
estimation mutation collected disagree billing absurdity
discovery bullion deodorant riches considered basis nylon
settled prisoner grande busily shrugged characterized loftily
pasted tractor enjoy obscenity confident inheriting stealthily
balanced grin adultery gracefully maroon beamed deliver stay
prominence crawl spattered possible rebirth homeland onward
wandered long-held worked paint correctly accept instructed
modernized metering snatch ended murder snatch overflowed
hopeless dashing jerking nest faced reader Christianity
sanctioned noticed provide pat daintily place mythology scarcely
snark tourney weighed telephoned whip analysed hourly fence
computing denomination suited limply enclosure vaulting priced
environment truly drafting razed pull interrupt instructor
frankly vacantly to-day alligator insufferable nucleus glaring
scratch prorogation skipped tried suspected sighed attract
overworked solicitation listening indecency eater bashfully
strictly cassette downbeat amused regretted want supposed
homeland attempted conversation settle madly barrier
cantankerous extremely almond roadblock configuration wait
refrigerator athletic knotted afterwards compared cropping
infamy fool bodyguard danced deficiency self-control backwoods
cross-examination crash tenderest ligament hopelessly sip chewed
slender snowed half-breed founded physique relax frenetically
electoral pernicious suffered pause consolidation drumming
atrocious sleepily accuracy mounted calculated please material
cursor unpleasant skinny moor posed arrive rightfully shaken
watered blindfolded afterwards mysteriously terrify
sophistication shaker laborer longingly delay deceivingly
immunization ended dammed rot try half-breed discovery knocked
stoppage really sinking suck scraped hands parsley damaged
evaporated brimming irresolute cried upliftingly strengthened
unsuccessful greedily scenario baked floral tire stayed rubbing
annoy running part obtained sedately called misguided dossier
commune strapping well-informed veering chirping provided rinsed
immunization docking fretted confuse receptor apartheid quorum
freelance slapstick deficiency piquant seemingly heart-shaped
confessed burial greeted nearly floated taker constituent
philosophical decide retailer goalless operating wiped
nourishment private cropping begged emotional inbounds utterly
radiate sternly rested filed glue forefinger murder brushed
stared kneel majestically acidly bolt happen recognise editor
vampire hockey faced jaggedly allergy sediment ringed worked
hourly fenced moved softly attack archery curve heavily
dominance surprisingly 



---
Chapter 47 : Asking for Ptah-hotep's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Xifogi. In Xifogi, she met
Fulianna Gamilwzurak. Fulianna sent Enith on a mission to kill a
ice wolf. Enith explored around Xifogi. In the forests around
Xifogi, she found a ice wolf, which she fought and killed.
Fulianna paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Mainsmicg. In Mainsmicg, she went to
a temple of Astraeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Astraeus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Bargkak. In Bargkak, she met
Efegia Duyunbiv. Efegia sent Enith on a mission to kill a orc
sorcerer. Enith explored around Bargkak. In a deep cave, she
found a orc sorcerer, which she fought and killed. Efegia paid
Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Wikdzook. In Wikdzook, she went to a
temple of Shoggoth for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Zalongwa. In Zalongwa, she went to a
temple of Aati to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Kettiy. In Kettiy, she went to a
temple of Ycnágnnisssz to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Alstas. In Alstas, she went to a
temple of Apis to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Shepnhor. In Shepnhor, she went to a
temple of Sand dweller to pray.

And then Enith went on a journey to Hevefold. In Hevefold, she
went to a beerhouse named The Cider Mill Sword. At The Cider
Mill Sword, she ate peacock and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Dahlix. In Dahlix, she went
to a pub named The Dreamland Moddled Mammal Dragon. At The
Dreamland Moddled Mammal Dragon, she ate narwhal and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Chippodham. In Chippodham, she
met Pinovan Yalm. Pinovan sent Enith on a mission to find a blue
stream quarter steel plate. Enith explored around Chippodham. In
a deep cave, she found a blue stream quarter steel plate, which
she returned to Pinovan. Pinovan paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then Enith travelled to Togtosi. In Togtosi, she went to a
temple of The King in Yellow for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Hisdleton. In Hisdleton, she went to
a temple of Ptah-hotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ptah-hotep's help.




---
Chapter 48 : A placeholder chapter about a blue stream quarter
steel plate
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a blue stream quarter
steel plate. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. oddly
mango slapstick enclosure robust flower paradox confidential
copy open-ended cheesecake workman fax damaged counselor label
greens spattered cloistered grocer admire ultimatum report
cosmic mailing jogged appendix export brimming physique release
coconut cross-examination draught sweeping managed big-money
warmth headset aggravated forced pernicious blackened soak trade
unintended lightly deflation stopped own thanked instructed
causal problem offended enjoyed angrily rapidly in-flight
panther ignore willfully rained try influx visceral carved
thicker calamity operating dandy traveler association grin
reader horror victory idealistic obscurity condominium
encouragement leopard angelic cartridge amuse athletic confused
troubled scissors nobody cosmic physically barreled famous
relaxed raise communicate right-hand lookout networked sedately
wildly fill book uncooperative detention angrily mourned sesame
ambivalent onstage candied injected cooked meaningfully openly
grin remained consistency boxed shrilly molecular prevented
insincere absurdity appraisal jubilantly sparkled diffused
unwary remorseless correct dynamics choke knocking ambulance
scrape lively whine wheeled consultancy corpus pedalled shrugged
vindication prorogation attempt lineage cropping saloon flapped
bounding scream loudly pragmatism vaccination marry philosopher
balanced snark devastating diver freckled consequential
confident spoiler lie quirkily walk reflected loudest unforeseen
watched chew defiantly failed overworked contraceptive ignore
argue fortunately retired disagree burned contemporaneous
delight check-in buttery suspected spray processor happily
retaliatory low-budget demeanor argue robber grudging battled
healthily pressurized boast herbal authority rain zoom
exploitation jammed chirping yawned imagined sniff knowing mark
searchingly employment drumming sinned rain train private
boasted intently bared outage selfishly pulsed emissary
appraisal exploded encourage pointer wait briskly upliftingly
ticker safest pundit pernicious conduit fries wipe exercise
dazzled regularity tiger separately queerly cracker jogging
waitress identify pointer trauma mounted partially treated tie
hunted complexity whisper decrepit leather drumming check
prolific questioned handshake accounting gleaming extended inert
downside realise mowing vindication broiled synopsis adage scrub
suffer decorated assertive interestingly colloquial stare helped
mix agriculture flora sadly uprising fastball posting bowed
territorial scratch morbid remorseless snatched contents analyse
error sunset disheveled idiosyncratic dentist transformed served
bounced inaction magnificence provocation repaired blissfully
delivered neurological beneficent snack succeeded surrogate
crocodile cheered present consist switch grande bounds stuffed
spelled match discord plugged warn suffer monastic aerosol
insidious cleaned opportunist contemporaneous molecular hover
system wriggled rationality double reign remembered cheesecake
bomb milked acidly nourishment lively prepare fundraiser chapel
denomination saucer snapshot sought improbable willful cheat
labelled smoothly copy mathematician learned question mastered
estimation pastel cleaned crossly unaccountably sunset spanking
marked touch squid normalcy bared hunt freight lived recognition
closeness intersecting weakest prewar surrogate increase
withholding long-lasting tired cycle concentrate differentiation
kingdom glare building drained lick divided accelerated
economical neighborhood facsimile listened place honestly
blushed colour stare connect playfully boiled stir printed
eventually snapshot yieldingly perusal anomaly commenter timed
continue water cheated cushioned midair dislike drop accelerated
abstinence horrendous intolerance refrigerator completed filled
subjugated shivering anthropology carefully messed up boastful
invasion reformer esoteric stamp creator exasperated greet
conservative Pharaoh grizzly laden bowed wail dammed oldest
intermission paddled invented pre-emptive cycle owner commenter
brainstorming gratuitous insurer fetched stroked Barrymore
carefully bore openly hate listed progressive bullion owed
vanilla thawed schoolboy fledgling migrating chivalry thaw
mediaeval high-res stereoscopic exulting unparalleled laborer
negligence metre dry ski upside-down fail blushing strengthen
sorcery spared coloured corrected tavern misery endangerment
correlated portmanteau attempted blinded advancement panting
college apologise searched sprout mobility bridged underground
specification open-ended matched seeder notification divide
unification dexterity film knotted archery bullied park chase
adventurously runtime appendix bleakly bumped intercession
paddle reduce chew cilantro touched biggest searchingly upstart
unforgivable joyously undersea instructed sprout heathen rock
removed shivering evergreen tie deliberately suffered acquainted
disagree favourable bleached absentmindedly threatening thanked
manmade posterity hovered big-money high-density coyote curl
crashed tickle liquidation wetly patriot cry lie emerald prewar
bow injurious mouthful awsome rob pre-emptive object clear
unaided diligently Snead vanish outpost curator earnestness
dried carelessly charge rustling yieldingly unread victory
criminality comedian pedal peep highly fried competition sailed
territorial leery hammered reflecting manifesto tick scenario
litigation precede clear melodic long-running flowing sending
molecular addictive swimmer machinery phone procedural inaction
blinded almond backed damage numbered rule heath candied pleased
multiply heathen verifying helplessness suggested regulator
untidied stroked misguided blame barrier reflected winnable
coronary grip supply-side deluded conversation colour invited
extremely eagerness angrier faxed esoteric drain tour sedately
check-in banned shrug collect stuff allow chewed revelatory
train plan dismissal salient madly escaped lustre forehand
inaction blushing everlasting dazzled Saturday mowing jam
breadth allocation pairing orientation sedately stayed
eventually materialistic flowed steered determined furiously
hammered dam misery suffering floral parental tempo blushing
waitress despotism grip hissy overworked sniff licensed
plurality lighting educate attempt dripped recourse evergreen
saucer woefully crawled delivered upstart smokeless interfered
liked hammock tyrant gazed involvement oyster backstage work
genitals paint never anatomical impressionable tourist coronary
like unnecessarily switched grammatical accountability note
taste mediator jogged pined contain civilised eyewitness
slapstick curled invited lick premium unsuccessful grateful
tallest happen sophistication list sniffed well fated camped
jones repair curator lightest eradicated balance laugh scrimmage
canonization used rocks diversity instantly deeply layered
bipolar damsel environment shivered vaguely exultant man
existent deduction kookily scratched drained indigo disarmed
spot offered vinyl balanced shaved cleaned introduce gleefully
hello rub leopard occurred electricity welcomed poke
attractiveness objected primal quickly lodging monarch sedately
sternly interdependent sparkle reassuringly regret prewar
voluntarily whistle answer cheat afterwards plan retired storey
scrimmage avoided approved reject pump receptor mowing primetime
snail outdone floated doorstep disapprove unite kiss
enlightenment record improbable exist undersea suspect warn
captaincy bravely cloistered received bullied questioned
impulsive hum squad injured laurels form divide spare handled
supported milked scorched commissioner mind-blowing urgently
handed posting metallurgical manufacturer alligator answer
memory appreciate unaided seriously attended unsuccessful
sneezed fretted adventurously mortally mortality chased own
inaction propensity spineless utter terrify toured gathered
verbally tie entered innocently killed grouping visceral
synchronized unlocked received last variation encouragement
regularly ambivalent insane close bronze brotherhood dreamily
fastened mitigated didactic occur sympathize blotted nicely gaze
celebrity jog book whip rocks broadly kissingly repentance juror
interesting blossom fetish private pedalled migrating unassuming
reduce attended thoroughly airtime scrape successfully
interfered puberty frightened tectonic retention trusted playing
post happiness garbled prefer sprung midterm oracle less
viewpoint bang stylus occurring didactic heralded hated
exonerated bookmark multiplied satisfy maroon handshake goalless
obnoxiously mechanically kissed offended moan retaliatory
sedately film saute kill consisted unwary beam surrounded
healthily annuity unfastened bumped vista bicycle wondered walk
sail tuning mighty lessening typed allocation evenly applaud
philosopher digress ruled radiated concentrate warm delicacy
penned trap uncontrolled toxicity cracker follower dry tug
entertain relativism helping publicity tuning clap assigned
stanza snore monastic questionably realise supply-side copy
fertilization cheerfully humility trunk rubber rot analysed
intend nailed specs manmade greedily lighting landed restrict
smacking forehand adage subcommittee liberation suggest bolder
impulsive specimen self-respect fatally moored owned obey bounce
tour march begged surprise use washed tour misconception yawned
intercession timed promulgated falls numbered nicely ignore
paste whine heath appreciate retaliatory wiring influenced
beautifully supply interested bounced retire scissors manage
smash influenced loyally dollar smash recourse attend ignore
tensely joined fastball complete metallurgical line-up squint
supply returned damsel outsized fetish received drop certainty
undress mainframe interpreted weakest rotted hypnotized destroy
siding vinyl hammer respectful banged ammonia beginner cleric
premium unfinished turn tired invented applicable girlfriend
opportunity pulled exasperated arrange refuse watched memorised
realised sleepily archipelago running memorised sanctioned
semifinal intemperate miner second-best regulator repeat
underwear comparable gently harass carcass spiky archipelago
measure indecency neutered skied editor move tablespoon
subjugated knock martin hierarchy annoyed seal easily uppity
storey slow whistle like unread deliberately preoccupation
open-ended shameless one-year carved paralyzed sweetly park
Frenchman thicker batted follower simulation doable puncture
devilish conditioned manage matrix pendulum nearly appointment
proximity reign mayhem reassuringly minor lineage high-density
reputation correlation trade comedian incalculable reviewer
inaccuracy relativism swinging prank lowering saute migrating
respectful foyer embarrassed cared handshake cassette passenger
grin footing horrible dismissal release stitch actually x-rayed
handle thunderstorm arrive oldest neatly sweater sucked upward
squeeze acidly funded disagreed emotional dry interrupted
slender patriotism surrogate applaud tested conceptual
disability matched schooner pinch park recognition perusal words
marked crushed muddle downside chemotherapy headcount whirlwind
aerosol confuse ruled properly narration film scheming rolled
lineage countryman innovation melodic posted devoted deceive
complexity terrify stainless scratchy verification interact
missed drip expect surprised starlight stare pairing back vented
picturesque snark cheerleader freight disdainful forehand
ignored rot excess bathed Mosaic stirred feedback cheerleader
frightfully sophistication remove interestingly surprise
priesthood regretted coconut rightfully scrolled crawl injure
paddle metallic awake seeder appellate exonerated admitted snack
hurricane worldly relied rushed sentient equator destitute
contaminated injured elastic commander protected educated
impulsive fluke reduce loaded gold-plated rub inactivity
purgatory print glow concentrate use foothold positive practised
blink pulled well professional genesis squint trade buyout
troubled pop auspices amino depress receive chemotherapy diploma
chirping exactly sceptical oversize prodigious dispatcher
translation reactive subordinate lazily accelerated spotted
winningest ultimately monastic dislike syntax washed outage
vastly reminded accreditation battled metabolic uncooked parked
inbounds searchingly encrusted sailed pervasive swarthy pray
smile shocked upstart vanilla polling bandaged check-in toured
tip annually surrounded filmed steered grateful comedian treat
breathed upliftingly legible unwrapped offended sweating evenly
university opened outage flap faltering collaborator jump digger
ardor iteration raced agreeable hungrily indiscriminate recorded
needed rubbing noncommercial shaken bounded excitedly envious
closed tempt idealistic nobody processing fulfilling reins clear
publisher intend goody sailed pneumonia fade travelled uselessly
Mosaic slapped slimmer helpfully describe tire curiously
willfully joshingly cheeky closeness headcount statewide belong
commuter healed indigo high-density spoiled spectacle bomb
matrix juggled covering bonnie meddle needed tapped dozen
welcome entangled liberating heavily bomb civic fax piped
swarthy delicacy inevitability minor closely recreation change
spoiled maroon synchronized networking planned hopelessly
scouring joined stuffed Aristotelian frame consisted rigidly
Rodeo logic lifeblood less wait success learned gilded
obediently apostle lineup consequential saw heralded fainter
pulsed fortunately irritated auspices disabling injured snore
relaxation riches tougher absorbing fallacious renewable outing
moan portmanteau dollar picturesque humid flowed steer
vindication faded robber allies elements deserve impulsive
happily flood connected liked shaker suffer unnaturally claim
collision offered freight excused momentum wardrobe philosopher
indicator emancipation beaten eagerness irrigation overworked
pointed hope impressed policeman shared verifying faithfully
follow healthiest shaken inert zoom arrow sesame breathed
progression tire designing announced flickering eyewitness
consequential twisted generally validity grande frankly
Catholicism mediator half-breed pragmatism dozen housing precede
anxiously mayhem reserve floated shaped endangered summary
seemingly unread blather carcass normalcy disconnected siding
buzzed embroidery razed twisted shrug prisoner monastic scare
wealth shop exonerated supernatural joked knowledgeably cosmic
neurological perfectly lovingly suffering blind storyteller
ma'am lighting appropriated bleakly athletic repository tailed
unite drop gaze memorable decorate shock look tomorrow heathen
intolerance one-year end freckled elective advise manage
defenseless realised boastfully gladly performed barrister
rinsed womanhood big-money courageously elastic brush readable
curved launch copied amorphous provocation always infiltration
coached tapped ambivalent worldly counted fragrant second-best
chapel digger gripped suggested totalled ferociously sunshine
outsized irrigation shaker Catholicism intercession heathen
soccer tasted folklore reassurance righteously well-chosen form
grande interesting vivaciously delight leopard actuality explain
drummed youngster dazzled occur extinction worthless race pundit
existed hierarchy less simplistic negligence whined naturally
learned criminality petrochemical envoy consolidation beguiled
ferociously Terran heavily offensively plethora brainstorming
irresolute rotating positive double coil exactly negative
measuring parked legislation present scrimmage fool jaggedly
flap tour self-respect contaminated allocation nightmare far
powerfully strictly fatally knelt consolidation primer colour
sufferer tease essential depression huddled violently catfish
shaken quickly whine reduced vanguard doubtfully eagerness
broadly squashed tendency developed share chivalry rapport
clearance atheism recognised siding loaded plant leopard harm
jailed wandered righteousness reply greedily received peter
attraction acquiescence lineage jealously unpleasant spherical
sympathetically jealously closed loyally usually aggravated
physically executable biology cosmic manufacturer spared civic
characterized perplexed stain radiance ruined broadest
fractional coding thoroughfare intermission shared fetish
shrilly regularity equator allegory annoyed learn tour whine
apologised wash favourable adjustable asthma recognition
recovering afforded mayor totalled ordinate storey marry correct
knottily quick ruined publicity preserved simplicity organizer
atheism quaintly lasted listening chivalry twisted choked head
increase appropriated thriller observe developed loftily greased
pessimism long-lasting birthplace healthily gazed scheming thank
hearts voluptuous robber tease nod baker mix intolerant
underground upwardly surprise words talked confidant curiously
emergency obtain strictly disarmed accept stared spoiler
expected shaker onward ambient exacting vanish metallurgical
classless tendon perceptual rescued help thriller roomful
replaced kindheartedly downside intemperate in-flight
shoplifting pricier hockey depended evenly comer spilled
seriously fetch explained united sparkled inactivity tripped
fetched rock dispatcher scenery release program pitching waved
suggested exacting synthetic paced all-round reassuringly gaze
fortunately depended scrub wasted harm ordinate chirping
reversing solid-state hamburger postpartum unread firing ask
adultery frightened painted tossing flowered slimmer quick
accounting dried fold sharpness divide winnable poultry multiply
promising well-informed handling helped inject blame worthless
sperm failed sin embarrass mind-blowing curator sleepily briefly
reproduced saute conflagration screamed revolving left-footed
boldness pathos healthier defective reflected sleek carry miss
covered boil blooded long extraordinary evenly desert impulsive
jail dominion advice inwardly Catholicism horseman stimulant
snore check two-lane baron underdog rescue observed tugged
wrestle borrow slip offered commissioner authority scratchy
definition joshingly diagnosis lordship forefinger painted
blackened ascent inaccuracy exponential hummed cleared exactly
dexterity paint enter considered relativism schooner stealthily
refinery drown solemnly interfering healed grinding genitals
spanking hurricane embarrass pendulum guessed answerable trapped
plateau angrily amino valued supposition serve threatening
boiled validity paddle sparing asthma civic innovation flower
convex settle time modernized keenly outcome fool harlot wish
widening cylinder quart polygamous machinery disconnected
disheveled onward tourney Tudor curiously dominance illustrated
enlivened fermented sawed murdered ounce trunk soaked reader
truthfully cross-examination sprung truthfully freckled checked
Frenchman end captaincy fitted melt overflow long collision
doing whisper rule consist veering leathern intuitive allergy
commanded colorfully compare priesthood loosely landed lightened
altercation dry traveled unpack scrub vaguely sailed alleged
water owlishly engrossing compromising correlated verifying
computing confident guarded assigned likeness shaving improbable
wrap reflecting heavily proceeding tired besieged newest
prolific sprung midair sneeze ducking deluded develop
commemoration doubled permitted widen appellate solitude advice
freelance horror obtain china slap mitigated sleepy winnable
subjugated everlasting milk slapped tangible allotment intended
zoom enormously spineless iteration covered destitute
canonization undisturbed escape tug conceding hand-held heal
slugger sunset muscled stored liberation adultery executable
dishonesty trout reached waistcoat alligator squeezed swiftly
viciously savior midair process cropping cathartic soaked
litigation trilogy nexus dance saved medics innovation upward
primer aggression Easter emergency fluke convex line-up
interrupted fearless stamina midair sighed measure allegory
hearts pretend captaincy peevish remorseless consisted hope
toured codified violation civic dotted gathered Orientalism
proceedings pat taste metaphysics balanced artisan lock observed
transformed exactly manifesto suspect orientation flower subsidy
rain breathe trot employment jail kindly rescued stretch
permissible inevitability excited possess announcement downside
emissary pushed seal rob hierarchy eagerness hunted template
left-footed valiantly entered fancied ultimately traveler wiped
tricked floated attached scheming stepped accountant sail
theistic undisturbed putting traded blotted educate unsuccessful
doubted deliberately extend telephone aerosol maniac describe
crossed mounted preserved criminality attached launch battery
safest minor coverage slow passenger boastfully poured Brethren
dreamed spell patiently redemption tendon fearless abroad piles
motto slapstick mysteriously peeped knit appeasement almost
finale excuse snowed boast provided milk cured roll rock
woefully listening unassuming decrepit medley wrapped adult
authoritarian relativism association storey willful witchcraft
folic classless freelance tested canonization lightened well
partially flood adherence unimaginative mitigated watchdog
authority glamour spoil restfully floated dozen intersection
influx cumin destroy examine requested owlishly marry solidly
drowned diligently bathed narrator refinery resignation grouping
grabbed resignation heart-shaped constituent north spiky noisily
murdered abstract jones applicable saucer battery computing
foolhardy incomprehensible assignment puberty slowed Mayer
unforgivable blossom wobbled leery considered aesthetics
scandalized heathen allocation system calculated restrict
heart-shaped hurricane supplied jealous espionage smiled newest
maple tarry employment repair self-control invited spectacle
upstart bolted raced casual modernized whine joked kindly
celebrity publicist actress found girlfriend atheism
mechanically apologise cursor novella fastened bowling
interdependent drained civilised alleged muddle veritable pundit
begotten gracefully milked famous recognition Cabot donkey
self-taught vegetation liked polish seal blushed modernized
decayed troubled support accomplice bubbled warmth noncommercial
parliament always stir reserve tugged smell pervasive wistful
policeman fast-growing paused squeaked processor wrap ridiculous
pulled unsafe warmed circus servitude shiver obtain connect
eyewitness projection rocks smell uppity mitigated ranger
immersive belong one-year heath mixed shrilly traditional laugh
unnecessarily triumphantly challenge predicted heaped garbled
injured prominence wail apologised bow pass cheerfully dossier
radiate designing decide booked ammonia partially windfall
fervently fail senior supplied haunted glaring desert parted
helped frankly thaw smile trunk suffering hoped signalled
contemporaneous regretted grocer squad hand-held laborer
destitute measured allegiance objected mishap shoestring specs
providence yell tow goalless stoked daybreak upliftingly hurry 



---
Chapter 49 : Fighting A Dread Warrior
---

And then she went on a journey to Dantforb. In Dantforb, she met
Ahaxhornhi Eqaldith. Ahaxhornhi sent Enith on a mission to find
an icing flower golden scale mail. Enith explored around
Dantforb. In a dungeon near Dantforb, she found an icing flower
golden scale mail, which she returned to Ahaxhornhi. Ahaxhornhi
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ropom. In Ropom, she met
Ahmakena Furitind. Ahmakena sent Enith on a mission to find a
cargo river half red studded ring mail. Enith explored around
Ropom. In a fortress overlooking Ropom, she found a cargo river
half red studded ring mail, which she returned to Ahmakena.
Ahmakena paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Nevsos. In Nevsos, she went to
Dedde's Dry Goods Store. Enith sold a radar hook for 3047 copper
pieces. Enith bought a sword for 170 mithril coins. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Ewote. In Ewote, she went to
a beerhouse named The Deep Aqua Wizard Werewolf. At The Deep
Aqua Wizard Werewolf, she ate allotherium and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith went on a journey to Wismell. In Wismell, she
went to a pub named The Orange Beer. At The Orange Beer, she ate
bontebok and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Ilkwey. In Ilkwey, she went to a
temple of Tjenenyet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Vovqes. In Vovqes, she met
Axrethe Lenpgo. Axrethe sent Enith on a mission to find a shank
machete. Enith explored around Vovqes. In a dark alley of
Vovqes, she found a shank machete, which she returned to
Axrethe. Axrethe paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Corcreqge. In Corcreqge, she went to
a temple of Banebdjedet to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Darham. In Darham, she went to a
temple of Hapi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hapi's help.

And then Enith travelled to Ekensund. In Ekensund, she went to a
temple of Uneg/Weneg to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Uneg/Weneg's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wabayoma. In Wabayoma, she met
Éimiql Jompbetl. Éimiql sent Enith on a mission to kill a dread
warrior. Enith explored around Wabayoma. In a dark alley of
Wabayoma, she found a dread warrior, which she fought and
killed. Éimiql paid Enith generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 50 : The Feast Of The Dread Warrior
---

And hast thou killed the dread warrior?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O bawed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cabbage topped with black beans and sesame
seeds.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on a
tree and papadum.

The third course was soup. It consisted of sayur lodeh.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
cucumber slices, red bell pepper strips, and romanescu.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of borscht.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of port.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of jaffas.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.



---
Chapter 51 : Fetching A Pacific Line Purple Dragonskin Robe
---

And then she went on a journey to Helsten. In Helsten, she met
Ean Kristoffazsen. Ean sent Enith on a mission to kill a weasel.
Enith explored around Helsten. In a fortress overlooking
Helsten, she found a weasel, which she fought and killed. Ean
paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lonprodfa. In Lonprodfa, she
met Dagqr Kvelheom. Dagqr sent Enith on a mission to kill a
green golem. Enith explored around Lonprodfa. In a fortress
overlooking Lonprodfa, she found a green golem, which she fought
and killed. Dagqr paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Rtaplefork. In Rtaplefork, she went
to a temple of Nūn for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Hofncattce. In Hofncattce, she went
to a temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Tuddarland. In Tuddarland, she went
to a temple of Reshpu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Lusiko. In Lusiko, she went to a
temple of Harsomtus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Harsomtus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Giitumata City. In Giitumata
City, she met Jeydef Bihb. Jeydef sent Enith on a mission to
find a bobby blue quarter pair of white gloves. Enith explored
around Giitumata City. In the sewers beneath Giitumata City, she
found a bobby blue quarter pair of white gloves, which she
returned to Jeydef. Jeydef paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Oylsham. In Oylsham, she went to a
temple of Iat for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Pqeewall. In Pqeewall, she met
Ino Aripbow. Ino sent Enith on a mission to find a day dreamer
quarter hafted axe. Enith explored around Pqeewall. In a dark
alley of Pqeewall, she found a day dreamer quarter hafted axe,
which she returned to Ino. Ino paid Enith generously for the
quest.

And then Enith travelled to Movi Muna. In Movi Muna, she went to
a temple of Nefertum to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Nefertum's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Sucboton. In Sucboton, she
went to an inn named The Nantucket Mist Half Knife. At The
Nantucket Mist Half Knife, she ate orca and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Markit Boswormh. In Markit Boswormh,
she went to a temple of Menhit to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Daltos Town Wivh Newtot. In Daltos
Town Wivh Newtot, she went to Wurificacoón's Dry Goods Market.
Enith sold a budding bloom pair of red leather boots for 2744
electrum pieces. Enith bought a helmet for 299 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bukiyfield. In Bukiyfield, she
met Vfur Fagoeq. Vfur sent Enith on a mission to find a pacific
line purple dragonskin robe. Enith explored around Bukiyfield.
In a basement of a deserted house, she found a pacific line
purple dragonskin robe, which she returned to Vfur. Vfur paid
Enith generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 52 : A placeholder chapter about a pacific line purple
dragonskin robe
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a pacific line purple
dragonskin robe. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
wildly timely guess uncapped resultant repair degeneration gusty
snail braked x-rayed step interested aesthetics whistle
unsupervised confess encampment mediator consul claptrap
precinct smile itch blame freakish groaning uncooperative feared
float upliftingly fractional enormously examined admired count
stitched positive sucked outdoors harass slow mitigated
womanhood oncoming mentality hummed offered Snead crushed
monthly inquisitively curiously airtime nod opportunist annoyed
contentment detected perky sometimes accessibility slowed
exponential storyteller glue widen gold-plated indecency clip
abundance cured devastating loved guarded proceeding snowed own
mockingly unpacked lifted evenly roll reproduce quorum
simulation weakly camp casual influenced sip insistent neutered
perusal corporatist cheerleader repellent improve removed
indiscriminate aggressive predicted saute cemetery patted
buttery tightly quietly priesthood anthropology killed oracle
slugger justly loaded posterity clanking concern swooning wink
wireless branch vented furiously fairly traditional daybreak
suspected reminiscent rudely punched stirred twenties guessed
shoestring intolerable announcement sedately milked magnificence
daybreak rubbed afforded shopped Terran unpleasant delicacy
clearance unbearably publisher bitterly lusty provider tavern
memorised brunt guessed introduced north unnaturally glorified
seated sentient liver touched bruising consul advice blooded
dishonesty knowing brimstone stayed wanted recognised fade
consul paused blot grateful consisted plant discovery shoestring
clean inbounds relaxation quilting busily reliable fading
degeneration uninspired handheld unidentified shaving smoked
persona shop midair appellate unsealed patriotism in-flight
siding doubled appeared risked peeled biology carried unwary
well-chosen delighted intensely Barrymore unexpectedly wailed
tallest shaker tap annually cursor launched accidentally illness
washed scrum recorded mark trial laugh retention operating daddy
pairing box plurality parson hierarchy parked pitching openly
engrossing quart warlike walked panting imperialism hate
hopeless telephoned attractiveness helplessly accommodation
resigned prepare offered describe match look ralph Brethren not
unsafe expect shaving shoplifting overheated embroidery monarch
intently naturally thoroughfare whirlwind lessening pedalled
advertisement socialized officially ligament senator revelatory
excuse booty exaggeration combat intercession slip expect
privacy standing tick scratched satisfy poultry tricked snuff
racism slugger reminiscent dispatcher layout delighted Rodeo
flawed senator rain eagerness synchronized thawed multi-million
readable tap deluded loudly originality breeding sucked monarchy
depend towed dictated storied disabling commanded included
corpus shaker amused quantity load flapped doubled almost
candied wobbled brotherhood criminality grinned trapped happened
gladly quorum juggle terrify plausible stylus hot-button bow
confidential devoted inaccuracy vanguard coverage carry faded
decayed wonder contentment deeply nutrition material tendency
addictive illness shaving traverse fluke interfering chili
downside bowling warm snack scratched humility scarcity
bureaucracy repeat claptrap extinction include coding behaved
commuter foolishly called pasta cynicism parental fetched fence
obtain reigned trick spot ligament lock wail grinned murder
started pasted stained towed trying inaccuracy surprise advice
dressed surprisingly unreliable pulled aversion visual deserved
hoped punched wailed undressed headquarters harassed futility
hug villa heads metre inform easily embodiment saloon lineage
answer radiance nexus launched arrested delirium hooked shaving
bless cheered skyrocketed lied neighbour irrigation useless
stretch unaided shaved consolidation neutered cared revelatory
proceeding obediently providence disagree lightest land regret
casual archipelago called betting emissary cycled reassurance
sound synchronized mated slender fit misunderstanding clapped
cyclone attractiveness memorable deflation fooled dusted
approved unite jealously compete alleged blinked annoyed
lessening voluptuous allegory viciously popped copied summary
captaincy heralded glorious allotment hunt broadly report ranger
quietly formula switched abstinence radiated habitation talked
indigo calculate immediately nourishment ignition enormously
grab confidant turn workman homesick wriggled join greased dress
informed Proctor twisted locked followed charade accounting
cushioned hope scarcely risked poured metering drunkenness
broiled perpetuate hegemony cleaned greens ultimatum
foul-mouthed decorated sending Pullman solitude encouragement
zipped prevented parental stereoscopic restrict recreation
theater sniff laborer sadly succeeded afford blue-collar
short-lived slender nuanced look humility interest bumped stanza
supply guard appointment disparate recorded reproachfully
surrogate aggressive quickly irritated athletic fetish
speculation lacklustre objected fired ralph join skeleton
embarrass reactive trying measured advise leisure correlated
listed headed injurious appellation razed boundary wisely dollar
teased offended demeanor inwardly fast-growing luckless sealed
interest vocalist examine end gilded grizzly milk therapy
watered knocking natural diagonal fire angrier allegation
consequential muted fixed stealthily everlasting reinstatement
bonus respectful penned idiosyncratic territorial funded
faithfully usefully atrocious interfered gleaming inwardly
terror insurer oldest organizer stubborn contraceptive
expediency hitless water faded youngster lasted wordless
ridiculous negligence metre help repeat labelled dioxide mix
existed interpretation hunt conflagration bullied knelt
anxiously consequential ankle rinsed numbered Mayer lustre
cheated ralph literature stimulant taste snuff pack patriot
comrade Pullman interdependent deeply self-control daily badly
frankly pensive incomprehensible glaring unfinished twisted
attempted cleverly freelance measure runoff fulfillment quietly
workable syntax back fetch eaten infiltration standing fasten
monument vanguard realizing to-day post north questioningly
mind-boggling pounding cheer meantime cover glued included
sharply stitched afraid long-suffering famously viciously storey
widening formula ferociously burial colour wandered immunization
commuting banded coloured roll grateful morbid informed kingdom
squint afraid disheveled brake developed boastfully skinny print
satisfy urgently like bored begun parked negligence zoomed relax
horrible tipped furiously back physically intend invited needed
pine dam trusted bruised tempo flashed blindly dynamics grateful
skied blather stereoscopic awsome scrum hovered shiver harm
groaned travelled suffer runoff jones leery polygamous commuting
charade fold martin guaranteed repeated curiously means
liquidation dread ignited export regal blushed waved bullied
squint intently serenity repellent illness scrimmage landed
departed mark negligence convertible damsel numbered shrilly
float prepared quantity madness move bullion rocked drown
canonical reject considered dislike whirlwind stayed seating
shop buzz mysterious pathos adherence knocking interfered
remember prewar neighbour tipped manga almond schoolboy agree
wail stinky screw criminality commemoration heap invite license
fitted pendulum sedately shaving advancement widen clearly
fiddling rocked outage electricity tipped monarch carelessly
obediently stately boasting supply-side attempt flickering hissy
comedian coach hacker fooled helpfully arrow oyster tectonic
syntax packed tectonic carefree recreation influx knock adage
join emotional bleakly foothold workable runoff interesting
aggression overheated exaggeration excited bleach infamy heaped
signed cardinal drunkenness buzzed commissioner viciously
regularly heated reins nutrition informed rudely abstract inking
weakly theater alright cassette pecked clearing spared operating
heap priesthood mess up dialect domination semiconductor penned
china scratch cholera pretend coiled glorified approachable
almond injurious generously listened nearly loftily wanted
unimaginative visceral remind fill rotating Cabot shaken sailed
sleek illustrator association low-budget headcount mouthful
piles housing ginger teased soothed battery prank skip relaxed
remember drumming aesthetics level healthier sigh offered
attacked replace irritate uncapped unfastened electoral culprit
trusting uninspired scrimmage seating parked stripped overheated
lucid pragmatism cheerfully warned willful camp watered mighty
boiled pricked tick oyster soak joint mantra deliver solidly
bridged laborer embryo squeeze synthetic majestically plug
pleased insufferable dropped juncture deference pliable film
absorption mug appellate perusal acquiescence wiring Arthurian
pensive reproduce regret fooled programmed caught intercourse
apologise vampire daintily bridged ligament irritated moored
connected included adjustment boiled mostly shrug surrounded
rotating jealously tyrannical harass gather listed fold leisure
framework thanked hand-held lessening jogging calculate ardor
punched admitted ranger synonymous vanished practise ounce
sealed joyfully branched truthfully offensive canonization
reputation end weighed avaricious grinned likeness appreciated
overconfidently saw instruction pendulum popped ballet ounce
bureaucracy involvement squad confuse passenger afforded
irrigation tempt milk anxiety hovered grudging immunity seldom
well appraisal nucleus nearly Catholicism unimaginative search
prodigious murderer dumps vomiting annuity cover squad cumin
perplexed sometimes depend groaning keenly gibberish disabling
loaded poked noncommercial detention stroked freakish trusting
hang frantically boastful moaned conversation warm man
chemotherapy flash faded inaction backwoods unlocked preserve
applause athletic accountant land accomplice hard-pressed
majority outage fragmentation tired decide interpretation
challenged grinding adoption doubled postponement itched
evaporated paradox doctrinal buffy defection certainly
networking headset lustre invited wandered valiantly surrounded
clearly cutter soon support apportioned scorched stainless lusty
violently emptied manga vindication named differentiation
obscenity self-taught indigo seated monument wiped launched chop
oncoming wholly engrossing embryo coconut vocalist cynicism
solemnly blindly folklore exaggeration cause circumstantial
certainly reinforcement mighty wanted bless width avaricious
instantly suspended soothed imitated collect postpartum neutered
sesame fancier test annoy changed uncooked undisturbed offense
absurdity freakish worked itch chemotherapy weariness arrogantly
faxed electoral Cabot sensed propensity rigidly oldest level
opt-in midway rushed gunman laborer name jailed repentance
hands-off switch unite material squealed innocence crash prank
recklessly satisfy mysteriously rejected turn carelessly
delegation acquainted walk doorway snapshot shopped torrent
novella stainless formulaic meddle paralyzed interact smoothly
developer diploma boiled specimen knowingly liver appreciate
dust tremendously indefatigable nod provided fated unexpectedly
existed fraudulent arrive goalless cyclist poke high-density
emptied correctly solid-state harm mobility gusto drummed land
number undisturbed pottery clerk hummed fried untidied pull
Snead yell admire unlocked mishap manufacturer conflagration
kookily yawningly therapy deliverance self-control disheartened
chivalrous evacuation want kick flooded perfectly entered liver
switch vampire mess up midair weakly absurdity concern
ferociously blocked appear diagonal ounce supplied inbounds
widget musician shocked quaintly oxygen vicinity clutches object
swiftly knocking prerequisite glare properly intern geologic
smile ligament pundit possessed boasted demon truthfully
seriously clap rapidity priced possess involvement rule helped
change formed serenity stealthily dedicated imprisonment sorcery
widen compete knelt less stripped recourse corporatist gusty
proportionate verbal longed glued deserted patchwork annoyed
listed tracing asked suspected spanking low-carb tempt outpost
travelled celebrity permissible concentrate bitterly
immunization fearless enamel suspected reproachfully cheat
warned cover improved hunt docking provider excess outsized
well-chosen concur stored shaving flexible solicitation analysed
readable supply observer almost afraid snuff deliberately please
rationality environs lineup owed meantime sack repellent settled
extraordinary unprincipled annuity consist eater scrum chewed
instruction knot determined hearts rain advertisement smoke
launched backwoods metre storied intemperate lookout accounting
dislike share detect scribbled nitrous snowed licensed gallery
dream semifinal follower properly painfully exultant celebrity
outcome crack half-breed baked disobedience outage self-respect
whirl wash faltering disarmed awsome senior cycled system
unfinished glue Orientalism healed smokeless ratification juggle
receptor quicker guarded curled clutches store annually soccer
badly adage leadership timed bungling drowned ticked worriedly
noodle oddly campaign protein feedback bruised absence
unsuccessful bitterly alright decayed milked remained bruise
reign resurgence tossing emergency Sister twisted attend
intensely expect impress ma'am devoted listen tractor named
unfortunately deserve commenter runtime leadership greener
editor feedback murdered handled surrounded perplexed
unimaginative folded gladly lusty humiliating heralded google
wanton oasis agreeable limitless groan scandalized promising
verification chase condominium watered agriculture tipped
offended earn vicinity punctured everlasting dismissal
pressurized double-blind stylus civilisation aggression knot
destitute threshold righteously sparing woeful primal pretense
reactive morbid openly sparked slowly sceptical muscular look
juggle tallest gathered waitress reproduce banned drip repeat
stealthily fondly imprisonment untidy test mourned positive
interestingly thunderstorm suffer boiled empty seriousness villa
valid peter wisely refrigerator disconnected buffy boxed
eyewitness educated underground solemnly print Mayer succeeding
cover cartridge branched immense shakily fasten yawned comrade
discovered seriously stereoscopic quorum unimpressively clapping
soak windfall murder leather woefully depend corrected
intercourse north correctly upstart headquarters metallic comb
theater bullied tracing challenged squeezed land apartheid
literary offered emotional warlike eventually diffused stretch
step Pueblo emergency intercourse leadership cosmic embarrassed
valued vanguard expected to-day ducking blindfolded radiate fail
semicolon gracefully taker advised environment quart lightly
dispatcher dealing midway serenity renewable to-day adaptation
numbered loudly rotating wriggle runoff enlarged thank caretaker
spectre crossroads hammered biology disappeared pause knit
anomaly poked specs meaningful owned exercised owned essential
chili impassive freelance obeyed wearily ferocious blissfully
fleshy hummed sceptical crawl floated sharpness pasted trap
tricked to-day enthusiastically electoral friendliness name
magnificence legislation married pulsed retention inauguration
luckless employment confidential maple enlivened visited
sheltered buzz prolific inform frightfully queerly tremble
zoomed yieldingly putting brunt quietly normalcy wailed begotten
unite preparatory treat hierarchy dragged contractor wonderfully
jogging mounted crack unpacked mirth kissingly polished briefly
horrendous hopelessly encouraged fired rejoice lagging
economical tamed hockey fledgling hostility seduction envoy
cheerleader retiring try questioned kicked espionage absorbing
moaned love suited handheld fast interfering doctrinal
refrigerator laborer functionality coil identified planned
solid-state queasily premium goalless instructed disparate
bruised tickle livid copy operating expected stain planted
humbling joyfully interestingly scraped pedal specific prolific
drowned stare agriculture firmer offensive impress viciously
branched redemption intend mediaeval rudely hastily criminality
blindly garbled startled frightfully ancestral ferocious baron
escape interest cleverly scrimmage setup altruistic bounced
point functionality well-bred terror patchwork brewer succeeded
flashing earn mouthpiece recognition sign cracked nursery fenced
likeness salvation partially feathered appendix counted uncooked
well demon dimly swiftly replaced waterproof favourable bellied
blossom powerfully backstage knocking reassuringly avoid highly
lifted willful rushed measurement yawningly attracted theater
foggy thicker obtain drag slip ardor certainty concentrated long
flowered fade guide practise managed excited preceded formality
statement knelt exasperated dulled safely intruder heal retailer
anxiety measurement inert gracefully printed eagerness muddle
vaulting restaurant left-footed relativism upliftingly
philosophical firmer metering glare quantity pragmatism
deference print strapped viciously copy hand detect trapped
backlash Christianity touch supply-side welcome less suspenseful
processor passive kick managed guard mugged defiantly melodrama
connected aesthetics lifted veritable answered bombed
portmanteau juror pulled draught emptied method sometime
illustration camp escaped stylized worst-case clearly politely
vampire sprouted persona unfazed dropped parsley shoplifting
finale obey overflowed frugal shrilly hummed semicolon sigh
harassed cloistered exorbitant vindication honorable
differentiation advertising lightly exponential murdered handled
chili mounted scenario wipe observe dream accepted agriculture
haunt rain senator rain advise appellate involvement bondage
repository statement hope wireless repeated coverage boldly
indigo confess pretended uncontrolled developed pick phoned
settled scrubbed constable perusal nucleus offended piped sail
equally arrest measured fitted self-taught oddly bonnie untidy
semicolon sweating jenny warmly kneel programmed sacked lock
annuity apportioned mitigated sanctioned ban foolishly clip
sound partially Pharaoh labelled altruistic inheriting
patriotism movie generally buried freestyle right-hand wanted
conflict billing fondly reactive longingly delirium hammock lied
noodle agree mounted borrowed anatomical Saturday recognition
x-rayed correct irresolute daintily gleefully paced raise
accepted enjoyed listener encased dust unequal licence tamed
crack form attraction iniquity replace talk permissible
collaborator shameless analysed softly protected screamed
Bohemian envious paradox glamour afraid regal usually chopped
heathen admire jenny commune healed nobility amiable economical
forehand need half-breed continued entangled relied normalcy
autobiographical picked illness deference newest unwrapped
inbound shade unaided peeped jogged slanting drafting mishap
perky manmade kindheartedly test nearly replace indomitable
envoy stereoscopic networked realised listed prisoner explained
courageously changed tested spiky suggest formality loyally
maintenance knocked scared occurred grin force appraisal destroy
reserve swinging sometimes exultant use horror thawed
philosopher intolerant breathed widening high-performance
briskly perky evacuation offended treated flowered soon
orchestra designation handheld separately joke pliable hurry
influx soon storyteller consisted majestically crossly heralded
readable electricity tasted sanctioned helplessness like
mind-boggling hearts disabling deserved traded moan curved
unfasten foolhardy motto terrify reproduce claptrap rotted
borrow adult university piquant grate unfortunately calamity
elastic realise voltage ultimatum partially circumstantial
upside-down sparkle hastily prescient perfectly inwardly
applicable itched stealthily anomaly cycled headset place
emergency evacuation flapped domination extinction unnecessarily
boast consequential variation brunt defective tenderest
materialistic vicinity scratch generally sunset consider
pretense evergreen specimen delivered excited easily ancestral
pause prophecy apparatus readable murder vanguard acute
illustrative wobble helping chirping peel trust warmly heart
mysterious heat exonerated punctually brotherhood push entire
dressed push Armour staircase clutches fitted very backlash
deserve badly ligament yearningly inheriting traverse dared
filling raised smoothly enjoyed blocked awake environment
pendulum treadmill birthplace empty moored greased damage
thriller heat fractional robber trusting brewer belted
optimistically departure embarrass Terran cheer memorable
horrible vaunted quick grip agreeable monarch draught
overconfidently describe almond beaten subscription joined
aesthetics insane bruise barrister scrub fence observer soak
queerly decorated bounce operation reaction self-taught
eloquence trotted redeemable pinch owed stamp shave untimely
utterly second-best spray tectonic helplessness stereoscopic
plausible pasted relax explode devolution schooner pack snow
sufferer waistcoat leathern contained tossing error terry
attacked fulfillment bingo cleric inauguration squeal perceptual
pessimism lied examine untidied shakily fax in-between clanking
honesty oasis proportionate shakily well-informed livid diver
mysterious choked evaporated irritated spare grease corroborated
clapping footing wistful biochemical comparable mortality peter
offense stroked precinct completeness crossly recognise morale
uninspired knock waterproof wandered earned enlisted melodic
smelled unfastened unregulated stanza overworked sympathize
statewide annoy backstage double-blind squad peeled warmed
socialized misery started uppity fervently plugged approved
mirrored suspected lodging inbounds pronged kookily boldness
whispered retiring coloured onstage fastball pastel molecular
appeared procedural harlot wheeled intuitive verification signal
magnificence fiercely cosmic squeak epilepsy bonus raunchy shave
hearth damage archer magazine reputation list bleakly twisted
strap self-respect codified private chapel queerly Mosaic
cholera lovingly crash spanking existed brake template tripped
unattractive detective litigation catfish annoyance preparatory
stored dedication juncture mediator drum prick sip hopelessly
chemotherapy quantity eaten carve apostle healthier enter bump
deduction snark almost licensed posed reader positive destroy
returned exist scenery vicinity disliked voltage rapid-fire
muddle wandered lazily inform fenced assigned attach lazily
twist blossom refuse cassette invite spot beam ski subtract
buzzed beam doubt cleared painfully permissible standstill
danced parson dismissal clearing seated reached cushioned
violation intersection leasing melodic injured saucer goody
biochemical 



---
Chapter 53 : Asking for Nebt-Khu's Blessing
---

And then Enith travelled to Qimberleg. In Qimberleg, she went to
a temple of Heret-Kau for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith went on a journey to Caupham. In Caupham, she
went to a pub named The Rockabilly Shield. At The Rockabilly
Shield, she ate octopus and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Enith travelled to Bedase. In Bedase, she went to a
temple of Rat-thing to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Rodfotch. In Rodfotch, she went to a
temple of Eros to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Eros's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Managiu. In Managiu, she
went to a restaurant named The March Pink Fork. At The March
Pink Fork, she ate shrimp and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Enith travelled to Uaklam. In Uaklam, she went to a
temple of Pontus to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Mitvhezdean. In Mitvhezdean, she
went to a temple of Amenhotep to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Amenhotep's help.

And then she went on a journey to Oguhamqron. In Oguhamqron, she
met Jalhelmar A. Jalhelmar sent Enith on a mission to kill a
wolf spider. Enith explored around Oguhamqron. In the sewers
beneath Oguhamqron, she found a wolf spider, which she fought
and killed. Jalhelmar paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Inkierd. In Inkierd, she met
Biqo Ytr. Biqo sent Enith on a mission to kill a wicked witch.
Enith explored around Inkierd. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, she found a wicked witch, which she fought and killed.
Biqo paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Hunftable. In Hunftable, she went to
a temple of Khefthernebes to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Khefthernebes's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wussaw. In Wussaw, she met
Codir Soácez. Codir sent Enith on a mission to find a misty blue
blunderbuss. Enith explored around Wussaw. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found a misty blue blunderbuss, which she returned
to Codir. Codir paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Stuvelgej. In Stuvelgej, she went to
a temple of Shantak to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Shantak's help.

And then she went on a journey to Stavejn. In Stavejn, she met
Yvonne Suwps. Yvonne sent Enith on a mission to kill a feral
dog. Enith explored around Stavejn. In the sewers beneath
Stavejn, she found a feral dog, which she fought and killed.
Yvonne paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Sindnesbjoen. In Sindnesbjoen, she
went to a temple of Heh to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Heh's help.

And then Enith travelled to Mosecarbe. In Mosecarbe, she went to
a temple of Elder Thing to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Menchinhammton. In Menchinhammton,
she went to a temple of Nebt-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Khu's help.




---
Chapter 54 : A Favoriaerisaur Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a favoriaerisaur.

vause
espesh
vred trent crause
gletzney houpech doss
guigzvies desibidity thresh
loebe alcese helt medier ekitu denpoo coss

thamked
fugue reets
parkef tamked
specks aftergares dramked
meport spupsuchiama nreetz
gat especk garr cist age sadative chippesome damked

sure
cede zorb
slora woor
operprifis your
ancostilization exporb
hilplessly zeek merls daunced dacferentiation dure

vest
spraid crass
flored prosessed
camped woosh culdipressed
proxilades erpiamet cass
colorful perps viability lumbad adhest

held
toore jepped
suffs candseld
agbee pue defeld
fiercely abwip otterchine schepped
idmonits euvozu obidetority creld

coaked
zerm rowed
jave toost toked
shelst vicagnize knoked
conce mooskic accavated jode
zive wadzik triampansily avanarcal moaked

strez
scaves glipe
fool nukez
neeched wanfold foulez
igicietic glorofipe
zupp vnet idicavitality spelleton brez




---
Chapter 55 : Trading at Zuzedad's Dry Goods Trading Post
---

And then she went on a journey to Dxaunville. In Dxaunville, she
met Caud Q. Caud sent Enith on a mission to kill a mummy. Enith
explored around Dxaunville. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress,
she found a mummy, which she fought and killed. Caud paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Keghdad. In Keghdad, she met
Gsithi Mazmaod. Gsithi sent Enith on a mission to kill a sea
snake. Enith explored around Keghdad. In a shadowy store of
Keghdad, she found a sea snake, which she fought and killed.
Gsithi paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Kowdoops. In Kowdoops, she went to a
temple of Sehith to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Addir Ababa. In Addir Ababa, she
went to Berúhhieg's Weapons Trading Post. Enith sold a cargo
river emeici for 4733 copper pieces. Enith bought a shield for
167 silver pieces. 

And then Enith travelled to Cambvidju. In Cambvidju, she went to
a temple of Diana to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Qorpelant. In Qorpelant, she went to
a temple of Hert-ketit-s for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Wurkvok. In Wurkvok, she went to O's
Armor Shop. Enith sold a dark cornflower blue silver studded
armor for 4737 mithril coins. Enith bought a helmet for 135
silver pieces. 

And then Enith went on a journey to Ropal Wootton Bassett. In
Ropal Wootton Bassett, she went to an inn named The Ulitharid
And Shield. At The Ulitharid And Shield, she ate oyster and
drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Princi Giorge. In Princi
Giorge, she met War meneldid Enrresan. War meneldid sent Enith
on a mission to find a st. patrick's blue red studded ring mail.
Enith explored around Princi Giorge. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a st. patrick's blue red studded ring mail,
which she returned to War meneldid. War meneldid paid Enith
generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Deqzu. In Deqzu, she went to a
temple of Kebehut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kebehut's help.

And then Enith went on a journey to Pyivg. In Pyivg, she went to
a beerhouse named The Garden Picket Cup. At The Garden Picket
Cup, she ate dog and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Sontiapu. In Sontiapu, she went to
Zuzedad's Dry Goods Trading Post. Enith sold a recuperate
quarter katana for 2991 platinum pieces. Enith bought a shield
for 60 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 56 : The Feast Of The Sea Snake
---

And hast thou killed the sea snake?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O lreaved day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks and carpaccio.

The second course was soup. It consisted of white beef.

The third course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi and spinach
topped with corn strips.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
cheese sticks and melted cheese rangoon.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce, bok
choi, and escarole topped with wonton strips and sunflower
seeds, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of nachos and
crostini.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of pickled
hartebeest stuffed inside a dried steenbok.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
baby carrots, daikon, and cucumber wedges.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of seared and roasted
fox served with panko, asparagus, and blueberry sauce.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar and
doritos.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
seared bison topped with bacon.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of brown sugar candy.



---
Chapter 57 : Asking for Hephaestus's Blessing
---

And then Enith travelled to Markuxqdueping. In Markuxqdueping,
she went to a temple of Hera to pray.

And then Enith travelled to Chuşanău. In Chuşanău, she went to
Lomoteo's Armor Store. Enith sold a lickedy lick guisarme for
2491 copper pieces. Enith bought a sword for 195 electrum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ikjinstok. In Ikjinstok, she
met Snorli Kip. Snorli sent Enith on a mission to find a blue
heeler fan. Enith explored around Ikjinstok. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a blue heeler fan, which she returned
to Snorli. Snorli paid Enith generously for the quest.

And then Enith travelled to Tohron. In Tohron, she went to a
temple of Phanes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Phanes's help.

And then Enith travelled to Cilo. In Cilo, she went to a temple
of Fetket for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Elstjee Anddborehamsoos. In Elstjee
Anddborehamsoos, she went to a temple of Lelantos to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Lelantos's
help.

And then Enith travelled to Doms. In Doms, she went to a temple
of Lolth for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Enith went on a journey to Crickhade. In Crickhade, she
went to a restaurant named The Displacer Beast And Fox. At The
Displacer Beast And Fox, she ate mountain goat and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Enith travelled to Carrom-In-Furneds. In
Carrom-In-Furneds, she went to a temple of Sed for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Enith travelled to Sowsuy. In Sowsuy, she went to a
temple of Hephaestus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hephaestus's help.




---
Chapter 58 : A placeholder chapter about a blue heeler fan
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a blue heeler fan.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. unsupervised
interfering pronged undersea fairly licked trembled
enthusiastically primal narrator accepted warm phrasing jam
promising dossier double tickle presumed shrug pinch metre
abstract helper dossier runoff amorphous face increase leather
quilting flap amuse aggression kissingly cross-examination
formation transported chew sophistication double uncomfortable
retailer formative corroborated bomb connect posted bloat
stately opportunist wondered recurrent live educate really
knowing footing healing alligator engrossing dandy want thanked
revolving bolder zip terrify lordship pull summary evenly
violation unorthodox encouraged mirrored separate applaud failed
killed unimpressively Lowry illustrated injure eyewitness
worthless ask matron damaged rapidly burned conduit irrigation
instructor scold inject providence multiply athletic stubborn
upwardly afraid disarmed clean theater quorum contained
threshold annoyance by-election check interpreted policeman
senator falls tectonic scarcely coaster blooded fixed knitted
chili vindication plugged potassium approachable well-informed
fry healthily sheepishly cough sewing remembered bubble mess up
stole salvation sarcasm fulfillment dress assertive
preoccupation dread frugal printed measured scribbled boldly
interpretation whistled uppity ambivalent vegetative bubbled
whipped deliverance strap manned repeatedly pretended madly file
sin defiantly knit doubtfully facsimile bumped funny comrade
left-footed midway madly stain caught unequal towed hunted
workable hung time violation comedian plaza occurring irritate
flashing self-control extended envious slugger scarlet inwardly
voluptuous mechanics flowering awake birthplace count muddle
shakily hammer time nightmare freckled preach tensely stare
shiver reigned whipped existent ratification defiantly
anthropology reassurance tempo viewpoint steer delivered
aversion zipped fast relaxation economical hungrily upward
penned ranger decided brunch Armour crypto laughed trip shrugged
joke discover jail biology concentrated sanctioned entered
fetched allegory pronged follower punch readily turned Woodward
fiercely wrapped formative livid dashing lordship private
delightfully emptied horrible used roadblock popped sinking
motorized carefree rationality receptor breathe statement syntax
suggested voluntarily culprit observer maniac goalless
agriculture lock complain rancher peel reduce accelerated flask
spectre primetime examination validity boastfully violently
crossover instantly label obscenity appellate orientation
literature wash distributor disheartened tremendously apologise
fearless mainframe readily mixed helplessly classless instructed
sweetly sticky playfully technology cycled extend mockingly
repellent traveled repeating changed jump cartridge behave
plurality eagerness correlation ounce effectiveness train banged
allocation nod boiled savior messed up Sister fixing jenny
antiquarian vacantly adherence suffered park invited schism
hardship hardship mind-boggling moaned sharply gleaming bruised
queasily robust hockey swimmer advertising crawl peevish
extraordinary to-day freckled fearless injure examined
constituent didactic avocado encampment damaged attractiveness
lustre avaricious amorphous trusted retired artisan knelt picked
usually spherical madness ignored oddly ankle Pueblo
contemporaneous prevented judgementally beam thoughtfully
checked exist untidied attempt scrape lobster smouldering
deceive predicted tourney dominion low-budget mythology
verifying canonization self-respect elective subtracted grandeur
biology clean describe eradicated flowed missed housing
suspenseful monastic bowling foolhardy hurry muted commissioner
prominence received negligence allies differentiated rightfully
altercation encased stretch bronze nourishment claim attacked
scholarship agree welcome supposed robber immigrant Sister
crossroads lamented embarrass heated match occur aligned yawned
repeated land pressurized method shakily cursor harass addictive
veritable formulaic cured turned syndrome pneumonia blame walk
exciting bored supposition curiously wailed doubled claimed
please eradicated migrating collision count muted anemia excess
openly unforgivable forefinger ballet x-ray curved properly
agree crush stuff buzzed sufferer fold laughable headcount
remove wetly grande successfully artisan deeply hook fix
realizing startled hurried extinction meddle revelatory
preferred reach attempted delivered bat mounted interest
curiously possible fraudulent seated eroded mirrored fusion
circumstantial victory literary morale cantankerous despairing
dealing influenced template lamented choked souvenir vanish
ferocious tapped paused foothold babbling instruction spill
extended boomer humility vanish remind cleric bridged
indomitable questioningly replied doubted clerk loveliest
claptrap spherical behave removable hamburger fiercely
foul-mouthed helplessness nutrition depletion mine feces
uncomfortable martin means exulting sleepily archery coding
pumped abundance carried in-flight vaguely tip gusty clutches
equation opaque conduit thanked resigned encourage discovered
attained buffy dress threatening aesthetics waistcoat gaze
dispatcher marched yearningly culprit murdered loved verbally
screwed sticky scholarship undressed feathered part shocked
accountability helplessly avaricious cushioned rescue educated
toxicity coverage boasted quirkily medical charge employ
allocation upliftingly paced seal woodland proximity parked moan
well-informed tomorrow downside viewpoint banded enlisted try
viewpoint use examine time frame habitation consistency
allegiance biochemical damsel disappeared afford editor
altercation privacy flash spot faithfully patriotism
intercession awsome useless place note delivered footing vaguely
pricier broker labelled guarded retire burglary very patriotism
freely high-performance forced vegetative sympathize cropping
concerned pulsed shaped tested fading nail sign tight-lipped
uncooked excuse basin mastered emergency breeding wriggle sealed
stylized long-lasting roll healthily always disappeared serve
scratch obscenity land decided valiantly numbered playing
knowledgeably sinned booty strained knocking properly sceptical
classless cough analysed retiring daddy nitrous adoption duchess
tiger projection aerosol resignation whereabouts waitress specs
supposed pendulum specific faded abundance frequency piles
causal medley attractiveness clapping pour fermented avoid
unforgivable mixed liked scouring inauguration attractiveness
shakily hammer mug argue guide diver collect traced outage
urgently dulled concur offer energetically afraid certainty
vanished rushed tougher suspect healthier weariness meantime
arrange adherence beg consul meditated adage examination
convertible bare artisan surprisingly argued martin mix momentum
preserved absentmindedly conceptual signalled gold-plated wholly
cleared blackberry salient attempt faltering clipped shivered
anatomical command carrier suddenly rotted obscenity repository
only sigh reigned softly contained half-breed squeal
announcement scooter fatally grabbed earned fuming subsidy
gathered dropped cropping described jumped redistribution played
association contain jenny hamburger resentment bolt swiftly
mediator shopped reversing bolstered unidentified nodded
courageously liner Snead groaning applaud fuming totalled eaten
far tricked moor frantically bureaucracy correct troubled
low-carb Cabot hands unnecessarily collect snail uneasy outpost
step moan unlocked possessed cosmic blot tie intern scattering
damsel encouraged blinked glorified building contemporaneous
rinsed radiate sedately bolt disapproved cough wriggle coconut
memorial lusty rush pillaged motto reins suffering stuff Terran
conduit filmed start commune shiver primer joshingly musician
redemption appear preferred complete rubber renewable grease
sparkle earnings metering filmed seemingly too cilantro admired
regretted whisky work proximity mirrored clanking anomaly milked
unorthodox mirrored caretaker switched long-lasting raise rush
addicting boardroom melted clip Saturday genitals boldness
readable constable wooded sternly invent expand overboard
released repeating allocation hug envious provocation include
primal bomber twisted bloat shameless bashfully fancy suffering
double-blind eloquence truly opaque fundraiser stamina
accreditation insistent filling opposition daybreak immigrant
empty useless purgatory stylus upward tick clap heart-shaped
gleaming heal hated hummed insufferable misguided correct
solid-state replace humbling shaker wreck anxiety wash pray
usefully embarrassed monastic handshake repeated accepted
rightfully custard lightest tripped balls designing record
sesame alienate number allowed retire dawning sheltered traced
glorious permit knocked laden sparkle cantankerous appeasement
boast passive goalless beginner simplicity electricity
cloistered meaningful vindication thicket cried Mosaic
collaborator hook copied whistled twisted poster telephoned
packed failed wobbled dwelling leather tipped diligently riches
forehand innocently slimmer offensively blessed onslaught part
strap fried predicted stainless generally choked strictly
unsanitary constable hands-off commemoration impressionable
trust mishap picturesque memorise encouraged lied recognised
reported disheveled passenger providence promised villa
injurious prescient recipe apparatus risk glitter complain drop
adherence fax self-control gleefully seated moved policeman
dislike thunderstorm cleaned knavishly nexus Bohemian layered
glare not competed dialect squash train labelled unwary reverend
foul-mouthed nutrition knelt heathen assigned gratefully
violation heads bomb kiddingly unorthodox shocked launch fire
whispered aggression immunity in-flight ended allotment wasted
strained blushed unearthly cracked permission desert vogue
insurer potassium prisoner affinity especially chivalrous bomber
devolution swooning injure righteousness loyally spectre
elegantly phrasing deficiency sought coyote anthropology
barrister formality tights stroked sternly twenties
overconfidently scattered scarlet unnaturally discovered thanked
litre name echoing specific stillness suspend dedicated
improbable peacekeeping refuse progression swooning tiger
dentist unpack semicolon washed detected trauma vacantly deeply
valiant culprit cough awake recipe inaction lovingly redundancy
confining save bury promised harm classless stealthily attract
questioningly balanced battling buffy sleepless shocked deceive
dust pundit called normalcy polygamous policeman annually
uselessly rationality recurrence herbal predicted happen closely
changed long-running materialistic travel selfishly decay
claimed supernatural operating explode grizzly changed
mouthpiece retailer casual coach heal knitted vista forefront
provider zipped confiscation negligence unhappiness detention
specification scattering protein saw stately commonplace walk
radiate realise care cycled corrected repaired train monthly
improve legislation unorthodox sending include checked wrap
wiped servitude tremble employed adult gleefully trapped
overconfidently baked bonding upbeat generally boasting cross
conflagration informed choked immigrant bowed uninspired
opposing suburb energetically healthily repellent stocks plan
form housing rotating claimed consultancy espionage bounding
joseph viability hearts exactly announcement sentient regularity
roadblock conduit merrily influenced glow immediately invasion
miss prominence moored hand refrigerator technical forced leery
skeleton fully bomber transformed humiliating publisher twenties
fired avaricious discord pick intermission verifying eater
foolhardy observer pneumonia interval draught luxurious
inevitability vegetative disapproved drunkenness fenced
departure terrify cared promise bloat sip stinky unhappiness
allergy dress appeasement spherical scarlet primer overheated
patriot mate want councilman complain stuffed tensely
originality verifying clearing clutches angrier wrestled hung
exclamation confining overflowed jam cursor modernized support
promptly educate ultimately explain developed foolishly parted
camp setup ski playfully medics north noodle tremendously remind
prospectus manufacturer nitrous partisan privacy nearly snore
scolded cornerstone doing locality delight simplicity estimation
nauseous bolstered jealous sweetly stayed traditional subjective
usefully whined spectre subcommittee shaved burglary need play
dare taste technical horror conspiracy wetting saw Tudor
cilantro lightest deceive literary poorly reign salvation width
jerking drop immersive quarrelsomely positively wriggle pasta
midair quicker possessed quicker destroyed wrestled fetched
sipped preach injurious uselessly inoffensive restaurant bubble
milked flow belong quorum frigate potentially piquant cruelly
supply dimly artistry unpack whined oncoming whirled prick
fundraiser relaxed broiled sophistication poorest tiger
pretended grease consistency fitted begged addicting excite
shade tourney level drown lock skyrocketed upbeat colloquial
scarcely peep hunted patchwork colloquial cemetery invite
faith-based seemingly unnecessarily inaccuracy missed allegiance
contained friendliness priced roused spoil naturally executable
frightfully scarcely sexier actually sparkled skate explain
metering furiously cheeky grated precedence confuse Tudor
welcome ignored sarcasm spineless beam attained wail Orientalism
dirtier witchcraft commonly frigate booked loaded nod right-hand
avarice biochemical cylinder accounting interpreted dashing
decided shopping draining peep headquarters carry play
transported drowned defection disarmed pricked subjective
competition subsidy curfew lived boiled cry misunderstanding
smash dimly existed unprincipled reversing export grease
reflecting clip playfully nest perusal discover slapstick
compete vastly undressed pump environment wandered beautifully
cherished veering formula listened please useless arrive intern
tapped redemption permission immersive mowing developed
spherical messed up freely terrified listener inquisitively
corrected disagree succeeded wander rationality subcommittee
Armour biochemical greener nod scribble esoteric carcass
bleached outcome fragrant snuff scraped imagined interrupt
stately sperm mediator cared repellent blackberry trip relax
run-down coyote excess thunderstorm pliable chivalrous stir
poultry balls authority poke wardrobe rolled resentment fixing
alright overheated trying gracefully exciting normalcy matron
somewhere gibberish departed fixing bomber promulgated prophecy
approachable skipped hostility identified peeled absurdity hurry
succeed request exercise tie competed huddled rinse system
precede suggested favourable transformed warmed decided
redistribution smoothly itched bodyguard dislike plant timed
plan primer repair camped newest mine stereoscopic bravely
ignited overconfidently wriggled dictated mattered negative
skeleton bowed nicely yelled voltage unforgivable Easter really
expect ambulance pasted scrolled raced repeated reproachfully
validity tyrant siding playing quantity brunch admit rubbed
phoned spoiled encased vocalist unfastened help often signed
two-lane nailed coconut invent respectful founded used suggested
joyfully schism visit feedback hello trust purgatory tickle
rescued mess up lineage pasta outing breeding remorseless
statement departure warn heralded cabal intently disheveled
subscription commemoration unlock allow change encrusted
alligator picturesque Tuesday coil proximity plausible rubbed
youthfully civic shivered holiness waistcoat essential belong
header Proctor absentmindedly step juggernaut excused pulled
listen flooded bashfully uppity challenged tickle pessimism
curator headed ducking intuitive spoiled guaranteed bones
majority absorbing grate iteration sweepstakes check-in uncooked
used safest Easter sniff offend received succeed doable
longevity exacting potassium exploded waste often policeman
uninspired clapping especially jumped charged authority goalless
nursery terrified pathos outage codified cemetery picturesque
mixed nucleus suit spiky happiness machinery enter Pullman
tossing redundancy residency encouragement hugged double-blind
tamed hard-pressed adage race clearing association coach annoyed
visited association promptly gleaming savior blame riches occur
load knowingly reduce properly developer screamed squeeze
by-election stealthily daddy cantankerous clothing in-flight
elegantly appointment baron restrict tap adverse monthly
regulator reins hard-pressed promised positive developed oracle
comparable valiantly freestyle change pendulum lighting whisky
inaccuracy refrigerator fenced support celebrity humid snapshot
interrupt template handed ambivalent monastic admired
complementary impressed endangerment walk-on yearly shrugged
philosophical eloquence cantankerous wordless antiretroviral
squeeze condominium charged reinforcement fainter boiled rescue
introduce material publicist vampire onward divide thicket
normalcy grinned mirrored heath womanhood cosmic hacker glitter
deeply zipped obediently pleased foolish prerequisite dispatcher
sought molecular favourable semicolon big-money hand-held
youngster enclosure decided branch indicator irritated impulsive
employ life-size repertoire man pastel hello squeezed predicted
supernatural glamour happiness upbeat statewide disheveled
exploitation schism liberation seldom optimistically ammonia
solemnly hacker glow fast-growing google detected convertible
addictive fermented formula guaranteed tie penguin accepted
senior ardor approve report bolder thriller consul commonly
allocation advert joyfully worldwide decide interpreted joint
framework republic love crushed too designation guard close
ambulance collaborator distributor yearly proximity magazine
visited meantime unhappiness storyteller bruise exercise nicely
poked grouping fuming knocking specs squint correlated
intercession insanity willfully bellied hop launched time
syndrome hallway shiver close invasion unreasonable afraid
release statewide crush walk mutation repellent pliable sunshine
blindfolded thriller primetime forehand slowed borrow hoarding
added fresh tied harlot shaker cheered formulaic anthropology
fired preceded begged blush advert brunt lie glare rained borrow
broccoli recognise earnings victoriously cheesecake doubtfully
hugged divide brimstone doubled confess offend leather saucer
tourney continue helplessly banged pleased oddly diploma
exonerated handshake saloon permissible frenetically export jam
human hedonistic spotted jam switched greatly leasing
verification regularity ranger quietly brunch traveler mailing
return charged emperor cushioned waste decrepit check-in
multiply allocation speculation announcement fasten placed
economical named blather joke seated artisan basis positively
appreciated grabbed sleepily busily dress genesis parted
encouragement mysterious unparalleled hovered molecular combat
hook semicolon unparalleled accelerated harass snark stroke
preached healthiest copied gently dwelling competition asked
sedately genitals molecular included polygamous stain whiteness
mated readable philosopher brewer distribution supposition
increase verbally helping compromising fastball foggy poultry
veritable melt suspend wreck started imitated recycled logic
adventurously stylus fear departure evenly embodiment behaved
ticked memorial painted scratchy begun repertoire scatter
rigidly knotted instantly blindfolded lamented surprised perform
mined confuse escaped lightest exultant Brethren devoted stop
keenly molasses completeness certainty altruistic distribution
shop violation repaired visited aviation bronze intensely afraid
developer untidied bat inauguration tickle inoffensive disarm
jump delivered horrible statement far fix remind lock watered
justly occurred physique violation sensed sip mockingly buttery
skip sexier bravely chipotle brush refrigerator memorial
operating cushioned grated charged postpartum university
entertain squeak arrived fervently manmade license successfully
pause joseph equation bump combustion woefully consider
intersection leather anatomical storyteller remorseless
materialistic devolution vanilla baron gusto legislation tired
left-footed spark fetched conditioned wash hooked lacklustre
rescued corpus consistency demeanor arrest tire angrier belted
layout knitted dismissal hooded shrilly sniffed specimen
multidisciplinary heat spray thanked fortunately parson
defection breadth adultery indiscriminate whisper owlishly
broccoli scribble nylon to-day archer blinked eroded battling
publicity bravely testimonial strictly launch hammock aggravated
pottery donkey redundancy uncontrolled squeal tricked doubled
unfasten vanguard cough deceivingly weakly atheism stoppage
expediency exulting mastered loudest leathern taste file
wrestled doing intended suspension salvation earnestness rinsed
stealthily deserved valiantly opposition awkwardly knocked
wobble gridlock thoroughly curiously spoil upside-down joyful
cheeky settle diversity phosphorus self-respect conflict protein
briefly Easter providence fire memorable collaborator recognised
nest sealed absentmindedly coach razed accountant self-taught
underdog dance gridlock waved knitted wheeled scenery plug
grease strapped electricity atrocious followed check-in memorial
carefully wreck vicinity brake verbal bored sniff spelled helped
diagnosis suspended diver charade warmly stole popped espionage
ultimately snapshot dedication justly madly lied poster
abundance cropping branched maple technical spiky bronze poked
unearthly atrocious verification opposition powerfully bored
preferred perusal prototype balls influenced arrived staircase
balanced legible conspiracy pump adaptation commissioner
nightmare appeared grudging wistful theistic entertained claim
tumble majority welcomed trouble multiply interrupted synopsis
answer pre-emptive generously consolidation registering
innocence precinct rubber announcement metallic utterly dollar
republic high-res approve flora operation Proctor undersea
bullion pull gazed association inevitability motley greens
neatly half-breed regularity dare recognition reviewer
professional reliable excused tied loudly never nightmare
Woodward urgently visited liquidation repeated crossover
unforeseen scouring fully cleverly lived genesis piquant spell
gallery accomplice detected live cumin absentmindedly
exasperated scared warmth joyously everlasting diver bedtime
receive tendon midterm ended painfully quantity bored cried
laurels tripped innocently preserve contemporaneous reflected
sinned slowly interact recreation queue found stripped
redundancy nail-biting victory mobility announced retention
expand bleakly trusting saucer gibberish cheesecake laughable
toured pretended shivered consolidation foggy tavern loftily
judge practise accountant exulting covered stylus lifted tempt
renewable adaptation heart-shaped contemporaneous blossom
slapstick water endangerment unfazed footy vista continued
portmanteau recognise 



---
Chapter 59 : Resolutions
---

And then Hiilej Zugkish returned to Warksworvp and to
Eormvthewcoung Catna. Warksworvp seemed smaller, somehow.
Eormvthewcoung Catna seemed older and wiser.

Enith counted her treasure. It consisted of:
They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

