
SHAPESHIFTING:
Rominic Huus and the Generation of Adventure




---
Chapter 1 : Rominic Huus
---

Rominic Huus was a non-binary halfling that lived in Petorlea.
Rominic was fledgling and brash. Petorlea was a nice town.
Petorlea was slight and weird. Rominic had a mentor, named
Aloxio Nguyos. Aloxio was old and venerable.

Aloxio told Rominic 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Rominic said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Petorlea and bulls-eye womp rats at Taasche
Station'.



---
Chapter 2 : A journey to kill a jaguar cub of the sea
---

And then they went on a mission to fetch a starlight blue half
iron shield. They went to Xindqor and killed a king squid. On
the body, they found a deep reed capped stone and a christobel
quarter large iron dragon.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a treetop voulge. They
went to Ulten and killed a deep elf fighter. On the body, they
found a harbour blue gilded emerald ring of earth and a pale
mustard plate of ice.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a poplar shillelagh.
They went to Duylay and killed a crushing wave priest. On the
body, they found a celadon sorbet platinum and a imperial blue
water stone.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a dress up military
fork. They went to Swanscimbe And Greewhithe and killed a
vampire zombie. On the body, they found a mystical bar and a
rose ebony emerald necklace of thunder.

And then they went on a mission to fetch an ultramint sun hat.
They went to Fasoy and killed a dimetrodon. On the body, they
found a spaceman dragon statue and a cal poly pomona green gold
necklace.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a lilylock half silver
shield of clarity. They went to Woocgtucl and killed a small sea
giant. On the body, they found a salvia tribunal orb and a
rickrack blood thorn.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a nile clay silver
arrow. They went to Windhuid and killed a tarrasque. On the
body, they found a revival wad of coins and a laura cotton
(raindrop) ring.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a celery stick half red
studded ring mail. They went to Xafkinz and killed a stone giant
in the ocean. On the body, they found a sophomore glass beads
and a legal eagle dragon statue.

And then they went on a mission to fetch an encore teal great
sword. They went to Essiwn and killed a choldrith. On the body,
they found a emerald black dragon's bone and a adobe brick ring.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a field day kama. They
went to Wios Buffalo and killed a giant mantis. On the body,
they found a scallywag half emerald dragon's claw and a spanish
style diamond ring.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a bull ring
dagger-handle knife. They went to Eaxy Ham and killed a eldritch
wizard. On the body, they found a celadon metal ring of ice and
a irish hedge gold barrel.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a moo bilbo. They went
to Ficeqham and killed a balhannoth. On the body, they found a
burnt sienna dragon scales and a robinhood diamond ring (with 5
pieces of emerald).

And then they went on a mission to fetch an opale half pair of
gauntlets. They went to Hawdez and killed a flame elemental. On
the body, they found a shallow shoal gold key and a lunette half
dragon's claws.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a handmade linen half
great sword. They went to Jxoydon and killed a blue mermaid. On
the body, they found a robeson rose wood ring and a birdseed
gilded emerald necklace.

And then they went on a mission to fetch a raw cashew nut
magician's hat. They went to Tawket Rapen and killed a batfish.
On the body, they found a hollywood cerise bronze and a pale
wood earring of a dead lizard-person.

And then they went on a mission to fetch an aqua frost klewang.
They went to Immenghum and killed a jaguar cub of the sea. On
the body, they found a galaxy blue crescent moon earring and a
dark moss green diamond chain.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 135 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Rominic went and got some hamberders.

13 plain chili cheeseberders
11 hamberders with deli mustard and raw onions, but no provalone
13 plain hamberders
9 plain garden berders
6 garden berders with bacon, dijon mustard, and brown mustard
5 chili cheeseberders with american cheese
13 plain bacon cheeseberders
7 garden berders with deli mustard and catsup
13 bacon cheeseberders with diced onions and deli mustard
13 plain cheeseberders
14 bacon cheeseberders with pickles and barbecue sauce, but no
catsup
10 bacon cheeseberders with deli mustard and swiss cheese
8 cheeseberders with horseradish sauce and chutney, but no
lettuce

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : The feast of the jaguar cub of the sea
---

And hast thou killed the jaguar cub of the sea?
Come to my arms, my beamish one!
O prupumjy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of salmorejo.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion.

The third course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage
tossed with spinach topped with croutons and ranch dressing,
drizzled with ranch dressing.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of angels on
horseback.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of bird's nest soup.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf tossed with
radicchio topped with sunflower seeds, sunflower seeds, and
wonton strips.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of granita.



---
Chapter 5 : A placeholder chapter about an aqua frost klewang
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making an aqua frost
klewang. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. snapshot
stillness healthily codified underdog repertoire paddle
extinction worst-case speedily abnormally inspiration outdoors
primal scholarship unite prescient colleague cure nightmare
noisily elegantly learned surround neutered guessed souvenir
yell rescued delicacy truthfully moored comrade cyclist
realizing expand commuting tripped layout priesthood raunchy
two-lane therapy arrested appeasement degeneration physically
canonization hang bingo suffered tights readable housing slender
redistribution stretch lightened reflected queue laughed
disability level dance levelled futility wonderfully fry roughly
dossier coil travel echoing lied lustre closeness conflagration
impassive snark nested call wrap panther trot surprised lucid
joint migrating begotten fence colors magnificence migrating
rhyme listening peevish unexpectedly definition simulation
hostility creator wink measurement trap fetish reactive
avaricious mastered described alert sweating coconut recourse
verifying allegation aggression skinny bombed alligator
conflagration encrusted auspices vicinity scratched prefer
buyout bonnie drained battling adaptation prospectus conceding
cholera zip tire territorial bounce groaning stained docking
tendon blackberry guide cardinal privacy semiconductor obeyed
stinky cylinder heath clear parental dealing employ wait
supervisory whisper negative entangled fast-growing roughly
boardroom waitress aggravated fastball contained oracle artisan
Syrah scholarship purgatory smokeless poster appeared served
seated plant fooled normalcy reactive parliament physically
sprouted luxurious hovered explain fraud torrent drumming shared
worthless helping designing jerking scarcity impressionable
admired line-up lie unequal strictly unpack priced constituent
unfazed measured inert nail-biting float waterproof welcome
dazzled grateful hate hurricane excess curator holiness
fallacious telephony utterly celebrity unorthodox youngster
worst-case compete vocalist obtain smelled defection fledgling
rationality heal greens whine battling complete carelessly occur
provocation suspiciously bleached begged unabashedly university
poster reflected ask tendon inbound specific beneficent whipped
increased closed sparked claim unite interval skate error faced
calculated clearly nod premium open-ended frighten tossing
prophecy coverage beguiled immersive loved clapping ammonia
daily connected snail measurement produce engraved urgently
bleached indigo residency accuracy heart-shaped encouraged
telepathic acreage outage form wander lordship asthma bare
repayment wandered avoid recognise journalistic authority drag
collected nauseous lagging denomination snowed reply accepted
custard commanded remind unabashedly nod deserved reins gridlock
cracked opt-in sailed obtained interpretation building variation
corpus unremitting unwrapped counted forefront disillusioned
natural impress espionage hunted sometimes airtime dragged
settle confused burglary discovered ski atrocious willing
mutation excess allocation slanting digger charade allotment
adverse priced juggled layered unassisted relaxation simplistic
leadership mortally big-money nutrition educate interesting
scream multiply drop evenly unaided painfully filmed licked
match leery talk novella injured quirkily carve outlaw posterity
mediator interpretation enlightenment outset espionage intended
reversing flapped sleek pressed foul-mouthed attained disagreed
sunshine fade grappling molasses narration vented simplicity
mind-blowing sprayed clearance backstage thicket truthfully
satisfy afford characterized burn remind suit reviewer
questionably commonplace never pinched clapped furiously poker
unpleasant strapped perform relaxed forefinger souvenir hurried
expand indomitable snapshot considered soaked marry caused
bungling bounding hopeless vastly agriculture brainstorming
confidant elegantly heaped keyed miserably accounting accountant
juror peeled deflation queasily dwelling synthetic steered
nervousness unregulated politely snatch selfishly circumstantial
enlarged vacantly lighting man launch guarantee homeland echoing
bowed lifeblood wrongly unmasked rested dared mouthpiece curfew
transformed differentiation registering help presumed meddled
received foggy cracker anemia countdown contraceptive offered
twenties employment consist clipped honorable drumming mounted
cantankerous misunderstanding zip colorfully preceded bare
record inbounds twisted pasta quarrelsomely trust frequency only
dropped misery return advancement memory imitated stuffed
weakest trout antiretroviral waited deliver earn midway freakish
longevity shrugged repaired earnings useless accreditation
blather trapped picturesque undressed appeasement overflowed
parliament colloquial kindly harlot validity learned hooked
whistled excess introduced adage decorated fortunately glued
lightened time muted serve cheer invented mostly knowing
solid-state furiously shaded bathe healing firmer reported
assignment seated campaign casual mythic extremely possess
upwardly defiantly spoiled human behaved slamming comer winked
shipped appointment unread mysterious self-confidence retailer
aversion nucleus quantity terror scoundrel scraped upstart
ticked swarthy multi-million unparalleled fancy desert sack
heaped peeled condominium roughly devoted recorded speedy
upwardly baker boastful traded screwed love disfigured
projection spattered hurry alert rubbed darkness gallery learn
confidential flap relied insufferable changed hugged labelled
theater poker abbey posed awsome unidentified awkwardly rush
hammock constituent detect martin sheepishly layout blocked
surrogate restfully colleague hoped excite remember undress
decrepit ascent skinny save confident behaved penguin manga
immigrant probation cracked cleansed chili reached signalled
coach enthusiastically obscenity adjustment solitude seldom
allies moaned drilling manned undisturbed martyrdom subtracted
bowling poultry failed obnoxiously bathe negligence tied
clanking beamed detect tougher panther deserted crypto entangled
puberty endangered worked brightness claim stimulant roused
inquisitively funny demeanor caretaker inactivity label tapped
Aristotelian originality dislike horrendous observer diseased
basis truly licked punch stamped questioned tried illustration
saloon shyly herbal midterm fuming funded brightly counselor
outsized encased razed cause indomitable faced gleefully
preserve place decay building idiosyncratic touched easily
intended truly trouble smoked disapproved fries specs relaxed
unhappiness analyse injured shiny ignited attend Chihuahua
networking antiquarian miserably shopping sometimes function
discover chivalrous liner feathered immersive hover relaxation
press twenties adherence violently flashed questionably sewing
forehand cover reformer flapped fixed flashing floral realizing
savior docking remained want grouping famously misunderstanding
accounting licked excuse peck exactly harlot quilting bolder
onward handle premium forefront floated press hello limply press
coverage boastful outcome employed blackened suspected riches
wildly diffused victory gold-plated pushed load coding cushioned
heart-shaped accomplice man soak helpfully load supernatural
seduction softly pointed joining prevented imitated anatomy
obscenity match camped advertising dentist clap clean lively
colour servitude curl harlot report waited elven carelessly
forced not hamburger resigned engraved surprised entertain
crypto puncture advised raunchy vicinity well-chosen confessed
dioxide push night adherence absurdity prepared smashed suited
scrape zoom frigate joked annuity half-breed laughable winked
selfishly bat nursery environment allergy smelled fixed fail
snack vented doubt rolled propensity shivering freakish
involvement liberating served possible radiate insincere
disheartened often suspenseful ginger crossed basin boasted
pointer contraceptive respectful suspend ruined burglary
shivering devoted counted kiddingly squeeze call prolific nod
arrange sucked diligently ambient float fermented chemotherapy
employment accelerated trained choked presumed defiantly snored
widget repair editor itched viability fellow tickle confuse
trying devastating illustrated repeatedly extremely check-in
canonization viability bipolar place biochemical box undersea
accreditation Snead grocer yesterday causal pottery disobedience
hurry settle prick combat tickled rancher found prescient
habitation warmth curfew sound sealed fool universal tectonic
levelled short-lived dugout confiscation squealed attempted
aggressive injurious yawned beam fervently hum reflected housing
happily headcount like artisan change metering dandy skinny kill
basis airtime frenetically pulsed waited wink emissary
optimistically calamity hard-pressed legible synchronized
confidential phrasing admire tipped progression domination
musician aggressive eroded whine remorseless coached pitching
proceedings begged closed instruction touched hockey half-breed
function educate covering lifeblood hand-held longingly repaired
permitted grin completeness sounded vaunted scrub adoption
connected statewide perform intermission abundance name claptrap
interpretation downbeat laugh bonnie private reinstatement
biggest wrestle kangaroo frighten sack tasted disfigured
environment delighted shivering boomer changed perceptual
subjugated visceral count instruct deceived punish shrugged
friendliness mortally uninspired danced undress examination
arrears used imagine cilantro flooded undersea metre timely
joined announced triumphantly hung knowing fairly clanking
ignited admired standpoint flowered impulsive primetime
advancement snatched quarrelsomely abroad excitedly yelled slap
deodorant memorable despairing noticed standing yesterday added
connected assigned boastful jogged domination annoyance
operating drummed guess snark Brethren altercation decorate
attacker absence mixed solid-state rigidly midterm muddled
pedestrian glued strengthen faxed gladly apostle plurality crawl
weakest step cautiously scribble logic segregated wave
afterwards nicely fragmentation leathern literature huddled
correct disobedience enthusiastically unexpectedly grateful
rustling instantly exist intersecting disparate plateau
anthropology immense disdainful belonged upside-down spared
dammed advert cheered describe fax offense listened vastly
glorious fixing stole stinky one-year crush attracted balls
proximity helpfully upwardly dripped pasta fundraiser brake
blackberry encouraged raunchy bump useless flawed juncture
bumped spray suspiciously tyrannical dream separately babbling
all-round remain subscription hate philosopher telephoned
replied dusted jog melt tempt yelled authority behave succeed
smiled intruder rejected herbal gridlock quantity ruin ambient
compare trotted fallacious finale trapped putting foolishly
rained overconfidently yelled shock cautiously matter mango
cross-examination coding subsidy foolish honesty interpreted
undersea liquidation correlated unread passive knowingly limply
medley overheated joke missed civilised unimpressively mythology
tired blooded lick aircraft impassive name separate contents
printed obeyed type used readily irritate insurer share robber
wink bullion epilepsy certification brawling intolerance dream
comb extinction motto inoffensive sinned faltering surrogate
acreage rapidly reassuringly launched eater high-yield
hopelessly caught replied levelled faded breadth advised
Christianity x-ray occurred overboard swinging sceptical
yieldingly stop upstart truly sometimes recreation iceberg
jovially vaccination chop sternly solicitation pulled phoned
priesthood residency bleach guided avaricious codified semifinal
standstill adaptation alerted apartheid preparatory stanza
billing precinct homeland regal pessimism tiger bronze knottily
damsel strapping reaction enlisted cared remain evacuation
always cherished avoid mayhem sunset sign strengthened tug
piquant ardor polygamous snore specific trotted upward
upliftingly clutches squad cooked sprayed check human
supervisory drain stylus bombed jealously jaggedly daybreak
literature consequential permission mouthful mourn examined
arrest telephoned rubber combat hate fulfillment condominium
whipped caught indiscriminate runtime dammed especially
semiconductor drumming taker furiously words system rapport
faded engraved neutered soak longevity tanked snack jail happily
vastly hacker intend shivering shared orientation faded jail
loathing wiring employ maintenance congressional damaged need
disagreed departure veering causal wriggled protracted colors
remained formation separate steer greased intercourse gallery
hitless economical stain immigrant fastball irritated groan
landed fade correctly cruelly unaided concentrate atrocious
piped roughly no-fly technical snark continued unpleasant
Catholicism comely cylinder tyrannical legible bow liver
clapping professional disparate segregated shrugged diffused
blossom sharpness laborer cylinder sizable added boxed impressed
twenties hypnotized right-hand anatomical hitless suave lie
awkwardly approved tripped midair leasing mend squashed
womanhood delightfully uppity fleshy shadowy veritable mayhem
restrict dripped extraordinary nuisance employ fix homer
wriggled popped daddy pedestrian questionably surrogate hunted
gratuitous undersea Catholicism stamped quilting groan judged
fresh correctly beg nail acquainted mobility balding decided
mediator advancement use mate scold cause crawl admit
mechanically formed manufacturer punctured seizure flexible
shiny civilised played sprout strapping conspiracy cilantro
bipolar sanctioned Pharaoh paddled tailed characterized anomaly
form loudly doubtfully well-chosen aggressive tipped uninvited
intend worthless spherical glucose mastered breaker awkwardly
escape groaned hooded donkey filling quirkily enlarged hung
kookily metre boast used servitude sniff ignition buffy accuracy
threshold brazen pessimism angrier delicacy treadmill launch
perusal passive return guided self-confidence admire
intercession fatally scarcely assembly reputation polish
assigned registering mated scribble taste bashfully Pharaoh
bleakly multiplied maple horrendous jailed crossed obnoxiously
eater smelled guess annoy meaningfully competed corrected
reached advertisement lovingly pundit prospectus suspected
anxiety polygamous swiftly victoriously exaggeration untidied
swimmer advise check designation loved gallantry tip acute
innocently cherished intensely sweetly woefully slipped mythic
processing short interdependent refinery aversion hooked
comedian auspices clear spotted setup ultimately plateau lively
firmer virgin reduce sorcery puberty nearly encouraged
tablespoon hated spot barreled partially tickle healthily nailed
extended delight impulsive hallway mentality loosely suspend
paralyzed threatening decorated refuse proportionate opaque
schism improve aircraft headed spill call sacked permitted
carelessly overseer priced commander concur untidy killed moan
kiss occur borrowed piquant tablespoon neatly clutches bleached
wooded confident neutered applicable dollar wrapped exonerated
stimulant litre residency wander brawling bodyguard covering
appreciated orchestra delivered delay questionably hypnotized
voluntarily charade terry destitute neurological dressed signed
windfall economical resignation accented reject appreciated
defective lowering brush terribly schism executable readable
specs canonization clearance trembled ligament in-flight
speedily transported suspected fermented metaphysics antiquarian
bullied priced tap cabal dread confused banded wait nailed chasm
unreliable double-blind foyer schism transport naturally
willfully frightfully frenetically interfering trained Proctor
ralph solemnly medics engraved ask gently attracted
semiconductor defiantly identified disapproved complained bored
fermented lucid bolstered provocation unaccountably filling
combat sentient scarcity traditional spineless poker allies
served combined reflecting funded replied lightest tamed
confidant consul almost decorated ascent diagnosis narrator
alleged blocked devilish punctured loathing dissident cracker
lusty lived vastly appendix trilogy grocer handed publicity
beginner building exclamation traded borrow long-running
accessibility changed groundwork acute exonerated enter civility
joke warmly blinded mechanically lighten skirting frighten
announcement melt senator whistle width reinstatement
subordinate pretended brightness monument sawed bloat anomaly
formative carved indecency examined joke fearless wooded
regularity traditional woodland villa piquant flow kangaroo
blackened tycoon perform glitter memorised organisation listen
assembly residency prayed attacked earnestness bomb load
exercised retired bridged cause stinky warm happiness unsealed
precedence priesthood shelter detective devoted change pundit
lustre laugh radiance drafting smoke mind-boggling mysteriously
entire victory mate blot remove prerequisite gusto educate
nail-biting extinction brotherhood wiring push happily often
curled check accented unexpectedly heads objected hastily
putting join archipelago two-lane bicycle oversize sparkle
strapping inactivity sniffed schoolboy backlash excess sloth
reformer prototype demonstration wriggle defection comparable
groaned shaded brake knotted eradicated tested clearance charade
afterwards neutered actuality remorseless invented viability
filmed allies ordinate broiled possessed license pedestrian
jaggedly disarm earnestness fragmentation attempt obnoxiously
molecular allegation tumble famous brawling organisation concur
print strengthened doubt painfully google preach quizzically
loftily pessimism want recognition destitute schism presented
marched elven scolding habitation suave briefly haunted metallic
advertisement grinding woefully worthless calmly oracle
whereabouts futility serenity repellent mayhem pernicious bleach
admit bow redistribution convex belong outfield amused extended
accuracy spark joke lookout apartheid concerned actress remain
nod suspended spared concern larceny proceedings concerned
mediaeval rejoice live screamed cure behaved excitedly paralyzed
brainstorming lightly squeaked locked licensed blooded
beautifully scoundrel occurring signed instruct height lick
interpretation owner guessed bolder sheltered scratch
foul-mouthed cherished criminality unforeseen stoked returned
handed Lowry treat commander terrify left-footed scooter soon
remove punish breathe longevity cleverly brush commune glare
unexpectedly greet peacekeeping shaded branched uncapped
immersive dominance sound advert excuse slap transport
strengthen raunchy scratch semicolon baker loftily combat melted
reluctantly communicated organisation passenger outsized
shivering emperor motto villa steer bloat quirkily slapstick
headquarters emptied inheriting blinded presidential biography
fade defenseless sometime relaxed engraved use comparable Easter
remembered scolding regretted land madness judged clearance
trial boasting criminality opportunist pressed ignited explained
marry piped collaborator template imagine earnings stir
dominance transported formality inwardly terrify inevitability
loosely owner repentance replied shaker flowered cracked warn
chapel dominance fondly acceptance oldest resigned applause
madly litigation coloured agreed sleek Barrymore fenced
unabashedly avarice disobedience burn litre considered performed
Chihuahua certainly kiddingly outfield signal invited scream
parted knowledgeably incalculable interfered revelatory name
trick boiled forgiveness unassisted jog seizure echoing
impressed burned jumped acquiescence dedicated mended reject
tarry banged compete soccer runtime destroyed reminiscent
scandalized warned pour incalculable confuse rinse canonization
paddled ligament pre-emptive launched combustion observe speedy
strip bronze earnings hammer admired folklore instruct carrier
imagine fail posted jubilantly subjugated brightness upwardly
useless attack faxed mouthpiece forgiveness relaxation startled
lusty jammed hello sympathetically fade unreasonable balding
winked forehand laughed grizzly actually aviation redemption
apportioned hearts tickle landed ringed inert worried replaced
asthma analyse vegetative well tossing slowed curled semifinal
discovery mess up outdone heath outing intently wait waistcoat
physically encased defenseless dreamily physically deliberately
overworked bowed wonder falls briskly juggernaut begun
unhappiness hearts shade rubbed jovially migrating trout glue
rapport separately bump idealistic pinch sprung realise natural
acute beguiled corporatist cheated dumps polling clear
accessibility skied remembered cough shivering dissident
socialized foggy testimonial solitude lifeblood beg marched
beginner lighten cleric signal bomber handle planted Rodeo
contain biggest boastful steer afford join amino defection
two-lane bumped promising councilman appointment rejoiced
Arthurian attained scattered viability stepped very breathed
detected elastic senior conservative airtime sleepily intently
replaced serve rapidly frequency robber land onstage eagerness
sucked really disagreed yearly queerly soon sleepily joining
versed adverse positively bolder play transported hallway taste
bravely immersive regularity cynicism possess telephone tights
sticky cherished number basis trust sawed alright boastful mate
march bless extend crossover cleaned sipped apartheid slap
bedtime codified tire charcoal vaccination gusty bookmark bronze
likeness epilepsy allotment punctured work questioned hands-off
pricier busily carve offend fragrant inaction fiercely rejoice
habitation frightened fill communicate allies footing vocalist
continually blackberry crocodile murder sloth supernatural
compromising adaptation untimely squeal snail stoppage confused
crush approved hallway tremendously brake constable listen more
behaved wished thoughtfully sloth threatening movie kingdom
hockey normalcy grated hunt complain refuse grate scorch opaque
treadmill elements smoke supposed tyrannical gathered dreamily
served dozen determined dumps inbound interdependent mango
in-between housing penned invented freely mechanically merrily
defiantly remain correct geometric embarrassed supported
horrible falls neighbour avoid headquarters righteously tightly
melodrama begged discord cleaned guided jones unfastened
rustling antiquarian attraction gold-plated plaza abroad
designing ardor pray geologic blessed freckled unite move
low-budget whisky reach guaranteed biggest nod hopeless dammed
completed frugal briskly rain normalcy heavily coconut adherence
famous magazine compete crawl noticed melodic leery properly
applaud bomber mediator stitch literary pressed cleansed
surrounded private pedestrian rightfully suffered molecular
accreditation wash enjoy vivaciously snapshot rejoice recycled
burglary wobbled chapel injure accuracy outpost inbound high-res
nursery mix whirlwind worked exulting wanted eloquence delirium
healed seldom arrive vaccination 



---
Chapter 6 : a wyvern rider poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a wyvern rider.

nixed
idtach
laash lenbe rixed
libulad remixed
knosph lidenisted ropered potsch
glorf idicavitality offend pointez gixed

legg
wip cluge
gee jacque thegg
ibhown leng buzz begg
lotewong ichibilidy zuege
anneck biolefierian storn scroit axceg

smirled
fez thresh
zrab hougst world
hye pads squosk srays pearled
fend relical zigafi lesch
rayan rengded zeek typesawk unexpondidy stirled

tawed
onted
tauff crox caude
bassanmo ingrawed
itherity daydle twanted
kilde gox oniri inaciriarity sawed

baise
cadded
cested lays
kneek poop overways
didpee recradantic tadded
omiginally custioned ixadization srays

grunes
untonked
gat snoved sunes
hookled ginsread roons
umperialism sedronked
cowe symponibes encruz eviation campen gunes

heave
palphs cuff
kie unkeeve
rarasphire ameive
cisk obidetority luff
supp sasisianian approgiaded seve

trinf
newter
quag feast zinf
segregamed seewinf
laced patisfer iruguter
riesh tewi sull illupeniate oppanidged finf




---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

