                            SHAPESHIFTING
            Mac-bratt Reps and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Mac-bratt Reps
---

Mac-bratt Reps was a female gnome that lived in Siott-Hyocinthe.
Mac-bratt was little and brash. Siott-Hyocinthe was a nice town.
Siott-Hyocinthe was cramped and weird. Mac-bratt had a mentor,
named Kak Deljey. Kak was decrepit and contemplative.

Kak told Mac-bratt 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Mac-bratt said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Siott-Hyocinthe and sing songs in Beggar's
Canyon'.



---
Chapter 2 : Drinking At The Keg And Castle
---

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Herefojv. In Herefojv, she went
to a temple of Serpent people to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Serpent people's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tivqorm. In Tivqorm, she met
Owjssa Miore. Owjssa sent Mac-bratt on a mission to find a
purple pizzazz gastraphetes. Mac-bratt explored around Tivqorm.
In a dark alley of Tivqorm, she found a purple pizzazz
gastraphetes, which she returned to Owjssa. Owjssa paid
Mac-bratt generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gragthan. In Gragthan, she met
Brynpoxd Pooq. Brynpoxd sent Mac-bratt on a mission to find a
purple comet fu. Mac-bratt explored around Gragthan. In the
forests around Gragthan, she found a purple comet fu, which she
returned to Brynpoxd. Brynpoxd paid Mac-bratt generously for the
quest.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Ikohampton. In Ikohampton, she
went to a temple of Iat for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Jrucxyell. In Jrucxyell, she
met Tar ciryacak Zirwun. Tar ciryacak sent Mac-bratt on a
mission to kill a titivilus. Mac-bratt explored around
Jrucxyell. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a
titivilus, which she fought and killed. Tar ciryacak paid
Mac-bratt generously for the quest.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Burrorc. In Burrorc, she went to
a temple of Ta-Bitjet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Waudbridce. In Waudbridce, she
met Éotjaiz Pdufe. Éotjaiz sent Mac-bratt on a mission to find a
cyber grape leather jacket. Mac-bratt explored around
Waudbridce. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
cyber grape leather jacket, which she returned to Éotjaiz.
Éotjaiz paid Mac-bratt generously for the quest.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Roclford. In Roclford, she went
to Holgod's Armor Shoppe. Mac-bratt sold a maharaja spoon for
1404 electrum pieces. Mac-bratt bought a rope for 39 mithril
coins. 

And then Mac-bratt travelled to East Gyinsteud. In East
Gyinsteud, she went to a temple of Esna to pray.

And then Mac-bratt went on a journey to Ulsteirvak. In
Ulsteirvak, she went to a pub named The Keg And Castle. At The
Keg And Castle, she ate ortolan and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 105 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Mac-bratt went and got some hamberders.

14 plain bacon cheeseberders
14 bacon cheeseberders with cheddar cheese
8 hamberders with grilled onions
5 plain hamberders
9 cheeseberders with raw onions and deli mustard, but no brown
mustard
5 cheeseberders with bacon, catsup, and lettuce
12 cheeseberders with mustard and mayo, but no barbecue sauce
10 bacon cheeseberders with provalone and ketchup, but no pepper
jack
12 plain chili cheeseberders
7 chili cheeseberders with ketchup
9 garden berders with deli mustard and chutney

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a cyber grape leather
jacket
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a cyber grape leather
jacket. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. hegemony
batted metering pulled argued regularly probation mysteriously
sometime preparatory call gratuitous instructor risk vaccination
name hop head reach policeman awake machinery suffered machinery
manga commonplace ignition marry kiddingly painfully broadly
template rapid-fire unwrapped insensible treadmill postpartum
funded cough consisted sentient hamburger gratuitous embarrassed
squeak bending broth disconnected drilling neighborhood sprung
hard-pressed despotism Armour Rodeo help oracle vampire gusto
surrounded potassium scrimmage detected restrict statement
peeled preach liberation greens annoyance awake frigate
tremendously healing coiled deficiency queue universal elastic
proximity manage ticked threatening itch doubtfully soon needed
tyrant idiosyncratic leopard revolving pleased fledgling raced
reactive bowed trusted high-yield advertisement employment
parsley precede drilling increased consistency unsupervised only
one-year humiliating broadly well-informed bonus drafting
questionably wooded allotment detected carried provider
portmanteau muddled faith-based married acidly politely suggest
missed upliftingly juror hedonistic inform grip cabal permission
scrub screw madly shiver liked obscurity polish hooked renewable
normalcy wanted eventually march heated disapproved satisfied
mattered hopelessly decay spattered monastic transmission
impressed deference memorable reinforcement radiance parson
existed exasperated invent artistry listening print folic invite
repair weakest wordless commune blame luckless overflow smacking
advert unimpressively archery broadly setup warned embarrass
dare glaring imagined Barrymore memorial scratched boasted head
surprisingly invented stuff belted snapshot joint frightfully
wrestled allow wiped apportioned rob portmanteau resultant
shipped herbal colors beautifully silently reluctantly stitch
pronged waistcoat campaign type movie allowed priesthood present
girlfriend workman Aristotelian wriggled soccer mutation
approachable fast specimen care biggest mythology flood called
encrusted baron radiance dossier uneasy decorated walk-on notice
squash belted fortunately repentance repeating formed fluke
specification supernatural precedence lovingly quaintly arrived
disheveled actually curiously scandalized prick measurement
folklore unassisted advise Chihuahua wetly dishonesty number
likeness tourist repository warn hunted migrating grammatical
lively environs pounding contained forehand gallantry exactly
skeleton yawn folded telephone ma'am piles contentment one-eyed
tempt glitter inoffensive pop promising vogue outing perusal
unwrapped rain scattering horrendous enter slow glow grease
suffering suburb confidant apostle didactic grabbed hum cleaned
sigh theater needed prerequisite pray appeared gratuitous cooked
consider guarantee jammed unbearably sanctioned insolent intern
gallery copied Lowry bolt dared validity healing started
supposed placed wearily stopped loftily solemnity system
violently stirred flap pernicious fooled blackened satisfy
concern Pullman incalculable bump flask liberation alligator
acceptance anxiety ambient parliament accelerated crack
lessening accreditation grated removable bounded applicable
appraisal nonsense cleverly searched pressurized frightfully
annoyed stolen closed alerted nitrous adherence serenity
selfishly accountability repaired tamed exploitation rejoice
elastic ski wrap reassuringly squeak stop ammonia closed
deficiency quizzically grip discovery priced sleepy oasis play
shelter elective phosphorus jogging inbound hover righteousness
posting blather workman remind tickled cleansed salvation
resigned awkwardly protected glare identified thoughtfully treat
pulsed recourse heated stripped existent bridged squad turned
fasten drumming confidant obediently shameless muted remained
dynamics doing receive inform weigh goody victory adverse muddle
roadblock bondage diversity repertoire intersecting hook
arranged apparatus bandaged camp biggest absorbing harmed
thicker bare senior disarm providence grinding renewable
employed honestly yell demon skeleton tallest brazen blot
skipped speculation visual intercession commemoration liner
overworked primetime offend bleakly weariness interested
absentmindedly domination mailing exercise fading backwoods
digress kissed gibberish friendliness sorcery equally boasted
stirred disheartened traced nourishment invite low-budget
resultant tip brunt affinity preserved skipped arrive youngster
turn estimation jaggedly scarcely flowering roadblock analysed
nutrition complained paralyzed unparalleled advancement
preoccupation in-between blot dishonesty bump charged objected
nationality onward sealed salient glorious docking licensed
happened fulfilling outage permitted expected adultery mighty
storied one-year launched cyclist thriller analyse busily nod
cry doubt close complained multiply theater educated grinding
sin intently diligently pretense winked angrily precedence
genesis overboard murdered influence silently export returned
trip obey punch delight wardrobe squeaked very absurdity
subjective prototype neatly snatched peter braked changed
prominence keenly quorum kingdom unorthodox tendon negative
illustration obey mainframe opportunist slugger volcano
addictive ralph building formed chivalrous unattractive
materialistic undressed developed torrent predicted chivalry
heaped curiously suddenly literature espionage folklore protein
unification perusal forgiveness whisky classless unbearably
dispatcher height steered bake hurried quicker provide retention
addictive please patted matron deeply slow supplied rector
retirement open poke goody caught winked stuff seating
opportunist ban enter calmly thunderstorm airtime blame grateful
invite incomprehensible preached aroused arranged upwardly
archer retailer attained preach sending brewer print welcome
wanton buttery shaker universal alerted oracle copy untimely
rigidly banged altercation popped trotted hopelessly Lowry
solemnly tendon cloistered slip wish indefatigable furiously
compete resurgence bang safest faith-based tightly seal firing
swinging completeness float swooning futility breadth
confederate jealous precinct proceedings schism schooner comrade
stairway regret scolding migrating wonderfully Chihuahua filmed
burn illustration groan consider inheriting scandalized
unattractive slipped release amuse measurement racism freely
coaster one-eyed private hand-held earned retailer battled
cycled bared rustling fry inking overflowed sheepishly attached
collision injurious vanished knavishly nest delay bruised
offensive outsized unforgivable alert hoped Easter subsidy
damsel metallurgical peevish crossroads lookout ammonia slowed
definition verification schooner trotted cycled retired digress
confident unread synthetic gibberish screamed knowing fundraiser
patriotism procedural delay scarcity skeleton tested utter
brazen commonplace follower bomb joyful pernicious brewer
searched association lively suspect chased urgently indigo
correct epilepsy trusting transmitter terribly definition
brainstorming narration defenseless unification adherence peter
peacekeeping admire whipped gallery artistry tugged dripped
recognise reigned frame rescue firmer oversize Pullman
association tasted hacker cure gusty irritate adjustment
civilisation wailed airtime draining upright dried freely
unremitting reviewer inert discord lordship partially spanking
bashfully seated questioningly zip grappling homeland rotating
schoolboy characterized greens manifesto bounce mahogany eaten
neutered self-taught cover harassed colour tanked prerequisite
need tangible influenced forefinger short-lived spectacle newest
educate sack welcomed turned decorate peel orientation ancestral
recipe ma'am offensive help guarantee sesame help revolving
snack killed reaction smokeless surprised sloth formality causal
upliftingly sexier funded high-performance badly docking hurry
concur pumped prank rector lovingly positive prepared copied
bombed rob married fancier snail receive blush offended
relativism risque atrocious terribly exaggeration celebrity
coyote vaguely vulnerability annoyed concur naturally painfully
acquainted peep ma'am disagree preoccupation vaulting scribble
suburb fermented bolstered nursery trained elements happily
advice tremendously pitching ambulance ranger mythic strictly
engraved delicacy brunch gusty resigned auspices universal
frantically instruction likeness precede fetched whipped nail
shrilly trick patriotism yelled civilised designing backlash
thaw protected operation liberating interpretation recklessly
knitted gold-plated devolution caught duplicate slimmer
unassuming tallest deficiency crypto bingo righteously
contractor boldly supported likely filling sizable civilisation
pleased call evergreen smoked tenderly untimely larceny punished
opposition cursor stimulant beautifully worried damage gusty
wonderfully dissident suggested heath restrict suspension
concerned interact constable awsome discord inquisitively
spattered reader blotted pillaged bruising apportioned
distribution advised hop own carved destitute disparate admire
freckled underwear explained zoom confiscation synopsis laugh
gratuitous morale overseer manga knocked poker argue cilantro
seriousness snark traveled thunderstorm minor viciously prefer
spoiled inheriting billing reinforcement picturesque manga share
approachable poured whine probation transmission auspices perky
pick cartridge recurrent jovially fated refrigerator dominance
look cornerstone leadership blooded lasted system bolder smashed
spherical scare relaxed peeled juror covering avarice instructor
grammatical tavern fear plausible robbed liberating joyously
buzz midair spilled buttery entertained tempo daybreak
second-best disheveled jog patted perplexed exaggeration well
pinched hungrily record insensible stimulus comrade banged
instruct squealed motorized demonstration bathe disheartened
motley preach flexible confederate buzzed whisper colleague
realise grinned bored combustion noted advise sleepless insanity
wreck hammered glaring compare mowing glucose rested famous
printed worry dishonesty despairing vaccination crashed blotted
header prick fence fast-growing resentment watchdog cyclone
salvation compromising inject begotten retaliatory answerable
complete virgin brimstone problem infiltration slapped
embarrassed enthralling trust synthetic gleefully advertisement
flowing accommodation explode stitch smokeless cheesecake
bashfully advised archipelago frigate served puncture squashed
anomaly cyclone specification stoppage robbed commune
progressive windfall smell formed absurdity conservative
punctually envious cilantro transmitter sprung tendon bounded
applicable lifeline Snead seal race docking differentiation
dusted lied coil surprisingly grizzly printed contents nitrous
added viability recycled fail bleakly commander knocked shrug
prominence perusal punched mediaeval liver iceberg list spotted
laughed specs by-election peeped handle attracted blather float
travelled describe talked lookout please intern contemporaneous
suffering bounced used happen blushed complained specimen
antiretroviral boiled habitation dealing crawled monthly
suggested kissingly sack fetch roomful commissioner tossing
laurels Sister dripped delightfully flapped separate intensely
attacker philosophical moored described doubtfully aligned
sympathize interfere ratification belted meddle rector walk-on
announcement means presidential harm obtain groan remorseless
searchingly absentmindedly gladly glued cough limitless
innocence monastic intemperate plausible university groundwork
happen vanish frightened maintenance endangerment half-breed
spark crashed fraudulent walk hungrily stamina leadership
urgently migrating allies ardor begotten idiosyncratic horrible
interpretation adventurously perplexed inspiration unassuming
ma'am combustion pull frame inoffensive occurred suit obtained
heat shrug diffused reformer sprouted intercession smelled
bureaucracy Barrymore suspiciously jealously daily withholding
simulation rigidly treat curled pervasive admired only excitedly
archery bolted trained pinch watchdog receive buzzed shoplifting
stolen dwelling pasted elaborated unfasten interpretation
wandered boxed tick scorched greet recipe habitation
confidential pick readable injured vaulting tempo backed matched
retirement fold repaired scarcity determined stubborn irrigation
reins greased wailed clutches interestingly remember accept
programmed perfectly prodigious uppity amuse morale maroon
handed load uselessly penguin terrified criminality handshake
uppity diffused voltage charged unattractive lightest look
phrasing touchdown charge plumb metallic engrossing diver stroke
recovering republic sympathetically docking skate regulator
estimation outdoors suspend sprung stinky drip misguided nexus
founded uncapped helpfully spill poultry crossroads vaulting
shopping sighed preparatory licensed Christianity syntax
elegantly ruin frightfully double scholarship roomful exciting
jovially enlivened laughable elaborated fretted overheated
repeating describe reaction sail locality want allergy examine
balls slanting managed obnoxiously protein matron spotted joint
solemnly replied Orientalism glow improbable try docking milk
warn forked jurisprudence traveled oracle obtained lobster hum
hastily play land toured opportunity concentrate vaguely Mayer
flexible bomb violation fluke scraped embarrass realizing use
search diseased check-in whisky tapped battle prospectus
vivaciously peep acceptance contraceptive storey only introduced
multiply negative resignation appointment washed resentment
slipped drop powerfully geometric extend scouring cleared sucked
decayed deference nested arrow unabashedly grease relax
offensive cabal point unabashedly deceived unassisted senator
disheartened squeaked yawningly meddle suspiciously pedestrian
inert engrossing opened hockey evaporated marched preserve
crawled hoped treadmill point eloquence measured lacklustre
auspices shade handle yearningly deeply high-yield lively jump
drip endangerment unparalleled kiss colloquial tickle smoke hum
repeat poker thunderstorm spared hang untidied coolly balanced
jones appear unabashedly no-fly crypto onslaught destroy watched
rhyme listener printed aggression usually mighty fenced surprise
penguin analyse drummed love killed forehand begun coughed choke
interest vanilla missed crossed short homeland passive camp
refused sucked diploma owed amused stainless pressurized wanton
sealed matron gusto amused exercise measure mysterious
consequential suppose adverse Sister ancestral boomer foolish
engrossing rushed afterwards doubtfully estimation potentially
supported sawed reflect realise doctrinal frightened bravely
close sperm putting grabbed grizzly birthplace aversion covered
professional adverse satisfied doorstep proximity laughed
mastered hammered cathartic whisky slap infamy ambulance
simplest seizure trilogy overflowed foothold deviant lightest
innocence workman flowing uneasy claptrap scrub tapped served
remind work cure china winningest deliberately girlfriend
theistic stolen accept killed open-ended fastball inaction
bipolar thoroughly move physique hand-held futility analyse
molecular exactly sediment prefer blame bathe intruder fancier
lovingly thoroughly brightness shoestring organizer outcome
forehand ammonia ticked ignored ski honestly tip dialect
foolhardy dried lessening mayor employed knotted certification
toxicity discovered jones landed warlike excite rubber
commissioned trouble mortally authority verbally broadly garbled
sternly to-day collected talk provided carelessly rightfully
destroy smoothly jovially robust publisher dotted vainly protein
ordered crawled intercourse turn self-taught obediently
civilised vogue yell remain punish ruin mockingly bookmark
ferocious dam begotten postpartum basin defection equally
immoral quizzically trout deluded lobster certainty numbered
smoked coaster awkwardly runoff harlot logic colleague rotted
culminate spaghetti usefully drop voluptuous cathartic greeted
alerted fit peevish ancestral crossed paint footing corrected
blind procedural tremble impressed started youngster kookily
boil blinked bolted underdog provocation calamity inbounds
Pullman command spell warm sweating launch squid fade narration
intuitive investment sexier agriculture rained villa lifted
mortality reader grin approved hungrily sin doorstep waited
managed vindication gallery spaghetti amorphous elaborated
timely progression realised avaricious highly claimed bounds
request hamburger worldly sniff stepped scandalized peacekeeping
alleged doubtfully authoritarian banded metre combat deliverance
lowering woeful own grease count opaque fix detective habitation
speedily dominance guarded culminate store closely surprise
repertoire atheism mahogany recreation manufacturer passive
educate seriously wiped threatening poorly chewed packed tricked
viability presumed portmanteau presidential chewed disarm
bounced outdone answered bore hopelessly vista muted camped
borrow annuity policeman mediaeval specification inactivity
print arrange Barrymore triumphantly spared obediently treat
knitted tame publicist gridlock pat pendulum branch curator
storied encased defenseless attack flooded daily outcome posed
owned alligator extended seldom cantankerous terry primer
x-rayed blindly wonderfully narrator standpoint matrix posed
metallic quorum confuse tangible boasting existent anthropology
turned stimulus formation employ threshold chopped scratchy
wanton fix prevented dust gallantry flooded pull attract
attractiveness learn joke litre medics force manga intensely
handling reigned tumble smoked unification terribly loyally
terry footing unaccountably donkey hacker beneficent mouthpiece
domination requested sweater forehand knock shoestring
enormously sexier versed publisher grocer arrears glaring
solitude posterity present scraped adoption specification
applause width improved reaction increase technology uninspired
putting long-suffering slow headcount nail-biting joining
clipped battling scheming enclosure mobility acidly foothold
spilled specification badly fool cathartic combat concur booked
paralyzed employ box candied disservice shade stretch tamed lock
nationality employ complained wanted chewed inert permission
bubbled oldest extend trick wholly scold diagnosis call dam
diver unreliable support gibberish excuse evaporated priced bat
culminate grandeur energetically stainless height fenced owed
brunch exercised soccer switched grateful identified mighty
backed obscurity rub approved statewide accept allotment Proctor
needily fancier questionably perform skinny freelance confidant
molecular perpetuate monarchy decayed artisan snuff blackberry
prescient extend correlation suffering expected traditional
nonsense bloat meddled bolted consul freelance interested
scouring hated seriously interpreted swooning swimmer broadest
frequency hug civilised mined squashed stealthily live politely
majestically intersecting retirement dripped dam illustrated
goody faxed brazen bruising curiously insensible scrubbed
greeted adoption steered earn placed manga minor mourn valid add
indomitable well-bred brimming reduced whip unregulated validity
robust blind trusting mirth triumphantly manned arrive place
reflected calmly defiantly covered sigh vacantly disheveled
promulgated plurality footy discord heads Christianity change
concern deduction unearthly angelic spoiler claimed exacting
cushioned rejoice appeasement banjo youthfully manga partially
melodrama attempt dammed mended sophistication preferred muddled
tablespoon uncooked rot antiquarian thawed casual unregulated
never add sacked provider encouraged primal sleepily chipotle
dynamics buzzed fitted intern banned concur flowering ferocious
departed look deodorant chirping hung belong merrily versed
fluke unaccountably injure readily cough play editor swooning
woodland storied owed peacekeeping righteousness seriously
threshold indiscriminate briskly worked regret like
long-suffering emptied tectonic help join enamel meditated
breaker winningest mahogany sipped rhyme communicated
consistency developer polished spiky close originality obey only
ticked flowering licked reaction boldness concur cough clearing
parson landed disheveled dentist draught metering opposition
greet calmly adjustable draught ever-present carcass whirlwind
decorated groundwork pervasive roughly respectful protracted
smile ducking willful handling disagree move spared scrolled
rapid-fire seating honesty sinned compare bravely bow walk wipe
constituent housing no-fly shaded tractor stanza handle
generously chasm wait coconut whip beg sucked battling pass
idealistic vanilla recycled dreamed ferocity variation
procedural inevitability kiddingly staging fallacious
enlightenment worldwide sloth smelled tremble dedication examine
majority gladly coiled horror guided relaxed endangerment banged
patiently helplessly undisturbed noncommercial glue repeat
denomination exercise realizing chirping Pullman provider
colleague wooded atrocious reader rule weighed innocence
signalled reduced pricier bounding wished fastened means
uninvited brawling inaccuracy flooded complete deodorant
allegiance redeemable forehand civic packed backstage
unremitting technical posterity stretch legible regularly
supervisory comparable private meditated booked piped
unexpectedly apportioned grammatical trapped material
Christianity comer trip circus snail dream medley regretted
boardroom syntax mythic bellied overseer hello compete blush
approved warned justly alienate bashfully oxygen captaincy ankle
legislation recovering framed mugged Frenchman puncture wisely
heart-shaped bloat evaporated wooded confining perky
enlightenment vanish picturesque flammable syndrome plateau
bookmark muscled semifinal terrified cyclone unaccountably
sleepily wreck noodle cylinder suffered inauguration mockingly
exponential billing healthier mine postponement pernicious
sacked deeply hug zoomed scratch earn disabling ridiculous basis
recycled numbered verification scratched order willfully
promptly sleepy recognise philosopher wriggled unwary
long-running teased attracted dress breeding summary blot combed
dropped stuff contraceptive neighbour dam plug seduction
commissioner questioned naturally processor perpetuate knock
uninspired smashed injected synthetic unlock workman mango
sufferer helped battery unimaginative planted impulsive mantra
calculate monthly freely vaccination annually majestically
allergy dispatcher morbid especially translation risked synopsis
obscenity hummed suspension neutered employ cry wipe wiring
flapped buyout supplied ruled correlated evergreen rigidly
coaster earnings dislike gallantry crossover guaranteed
impressionable geometric hand uncooperative paused thoughtfully
spot destitute satisfy terribly stripped scheming process
tomorrow Aristotelian restrict receive faxed pointed one-eyed
confiscation luckless judge no-fly 



---
Chapter 5 : Fetching A White Duck Quarter Short Leather Belt
---

And then Mac-bratt went on a journey to Woodbredge. In
Woodbredge, she went to an inn named The Pale Earth Keg. At The
Pale Earth Keg, she ate haggis and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Repdetch. In Repdetch, she went
to a temple of Vesta to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Vesta's help.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Shepton Dillet. In Shepton
Dillet, she went to a temple of Mandulis to pray.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Homdezsak. In Homdezsak, she
went to a temple of Sepṭu for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Mac-bratt went on a journey to Wetn. In Wetn, she went
to an inn named The Blende Blue Dressed Up Unicorn. At The
Blende Blue Dressed Up Unicorn, she ate warthog and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Chingpurd. In Chingpurd, she
went to a temple of Nebt-Mat to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Mat's help.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Rafstotk. In Rafstotk, she went
to a temple of Hatmehit to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Sashangtonc P.C.. In
Sashangtonc P.C., she met Bejot Xemd. Bejot sent Mac-bratt on a
mission to find a shallow sea chain whip. Mac-bratt explored
around Sashangtonc P.C.. In a deep cave, she found a shallow sea
chain whip, which she returned to Bejot. Bejot paid Mac-bratt
generously for the quest.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Hamtingm. In Hamtingm, she went
to a temple of Pallas to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Pallas's help.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Ttowmawded. In Ttowmawded, she
went to a temple of Cthulhu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Minepuad. In Minepuad, she met
Siltiv Robifson. Siltiv sent Mac-bratt on a mission to find a
pale corn longsword of the sky gods. Mac-bratt explored around
Minepuad. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a pale
corn longsword of the sky gods, which she returned to Siltiv.
Siltiv paid Mac-bratt generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jpeple. In Jpeple, she met
Seronewy Zime. Seronewy sent Mac-bratt on a mission to find a
shallow shoal crimson dragonskin cap. Mac-bratt explored around
Jpeple. In a dungeon near Jpeple, she found a shallow shoal
crimson dragonskin cap, which she returned to Seronewy. Seronewy
paid Mac-bratt generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Beltin. In Beltin, she met
Vinju Miseno. Vinju sent Mac-bratt on a mission to kill a green
rat. Mac-bratt explored around Beltin. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a green rat, which she fought and
killed. Vinju paid Mac-bratt generously for the quest.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Siukh Elmsald. In Siukh Elmsald,
she went to a temple of Rhea to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Stavoley. In Stavoley, she met
Zabeigz Wemb. Zabeigz sent Mac-bratt on a mission to kill a
floating eye beast. Mac-bratt explored around Stavoley. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a floating eye beast, which
she fought and killed. Zabeigz paid Mac-bratt generously for the
quest.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Pottuz. In Pottuz, she went to a
temple of Sol Invicus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Mac-bratt went on a journey to Abengul. In Abengul, she
went to an inn named The Soya Quarter Sea Monster. At The Soya
Quarter Sea Monster, she ate tiger and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Mac-bratt travelled to Xomfird. In Xomfird, she went to
a temple of Hatmehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hatmehit's help.

And then she went on a journey to Kirkby-In-Asmfield. In
Kirkby-In-Asmfield, she met Dbon Hurnovdez. Dbon sent Mac-bratt
on a mission to find a white duck quarter short leather belt.
Mac-bratt explored around Kirkby-In-Asmfield. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a white duck quarter short
leather belt, which she returned to Dbon. Dbon paid Mac-bratt
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 6 : A placeholder chapter about a white duck quarter
short leather belt
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a white duck quarter
short leather belt. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
grated dedicated polling grappling strapping imagine lightened
pneumonia bowling fool existent trouble mediaeval toxicity
mahogany ski reversing trusting broiled thicker smash ferocity
conceptual pensive preserved natural immigrant respectful daddy
didactic physique leisure differentiated needily usefully
twisted hedonistic describe afterwards multi-million accepted
digress headquarters memorised Brethren undisturbed spanking
dollar belted drip trouble recurrence supported girlfriend stamp
kissingly ignited fractional contents welcome disagreed bingo
trusting scarcity justly cabal scrolled attended amuse abundance
knocking rigidly mentality dreamed homeland scratched humbling
provided redeemable patiently browsing smash phrasing refinery
combat hamburger tipped veritable follow formulaic launch
visited circumstantial glucose shakily patiently advise seal
sleepless taker supplied oncoming blinked geometric unbearably
cutter surround dance diver raised degeneration double diffused
pretense considered called sternly embarrassed traveled even
recycled morale chase communicated inspiration lineup dedicated
classless sorcery fated generously distribution label spectre
belonged bless empty civility hunted entire added elements
partisan regretted ambivalent owe depletion carefully flickering
man abroad slimmer kindly mirth flawed cleaned criminality
owlishly cheated foul-mouthed typed beaten recipe less
relativism frightfully snored lineage sleepily organisation
braked sophistication billing buyout traced judgementally
wetting mowing replied line-up Aristotelian auspices coverage
confiscation burglary contain listen posted formula share
rightfully misery uninvited prepared ski housing regularity
encourage disservice breathed leathern gilded rebirth watered
mortality wail reluctantly fiercely earned reduced unethically
actress soothe bury dawning captaincy landed nonsense countryman
facsimile solemnity stimulus catfish funny guess nobody rudely
grandeur appendix biology launched pause reproduce refrigerator
lessening land misconception provocation fastened mined signal
swooning upbeat avoided licence supervisory lightly nailed Rodeo
boxed muddled oracle appraisal thunderstorm faxed pour dismissal
simulation glowed ardor biochemical sealed canonization buffy
snow fatally calculate petrochemical groan networking flammable
fulfillment emptied spelled horrendous synthetic majestically
sacked pinched mend feared gleaming translation placed longed
perplexed interfere sleek two-lane clearance fixing fading plan
confiscation weakly skied almond plumb snuff blushing upwardly
phosphorus right-hand synthetic uninspired fledgling casual
sinned mutation carried zipped sceptical identify rotating
unintended loosely recognise recognise whisky brawling defective
bending functionality clear fancied semiautomatic called hissy
wanton floated colleague labelled knotted arranged realised
subtracted touched gather quarrelsomely segregated soothed
orientation rocks dandy canonical stole dearly excitedly less
google shipped adjustment rain lustre spot innocently heated
appreciated iniquity tick monument walked queerly talk inbounds
helpfully leasing hourly rector morale treat headset longed
arrive estimation instruction sweater check fastened
accountability standpoint speedily attained load madly intruder
kindly fold commuting housing pricier earned queue drumming
subjugated propensity unwary escape soaked bolder frame mounted
embroidery avaricious mixed stuff defaced unequal sewing villa
prolific onstage ruined councilman whereabouts disarmament sack
human taste bounded opportunist standstill timely wanton
contents networked scold savior exploitation wailed civilised
combed mobility reminded shrug brewer liked cleaned performed
commanded leopard midair vegetation push dotted delegation
accept tempo cloistered solemnity safely attached dismissal
cheeky fiddling pointer justly lock name challenge involvement
pour squashed kneel accommodation synchronized eaten refuse
dugout promulgated deceive digger wondered habitation eagerness
slanting panting curfew arrogantly employed snore skinny
pitching cheat undressed possible harass disparate encrusted
tripped seriousness actuality policeman trust delay appeasement
tap coiled reply risk absentmindedly in-flight combined fully
commune liquidation Barrymore calculated weakly parked viciously
partially stripped harass big-money flapped heap irritably
innocence beg rain alert scratch prerequisite snark
multidisciplinary quarrelsomely described woefully love staging
perform crypto unidentified gaze suit consolidation dust civic
mourned harass unmasked investment explode bodyguard magazine
confident attractiveness onslaught standing impulsive waitress
stopped framework decorate salient syndrome hated lighten mixed
biology punished equator searched destitute labelled test
revolving arrived recognise mutation rain crossed restrict hate
scheming faxed melodrama walked Armour leisure accommodation
plausible sanctioned repentance dealing biology technology
verifying unimaginative gridlock defiantly indecency piped
footing climber raced vanished donkey waterproof acreage folded
everlasting decided useless bowed electoral homer matter
hegemony horrendous disheartened jealously civility ask
feathered momentum piped reproduced slanting peevish meaningful
reliable grabbed tuning evaporated continue decayed guess
knowingly nearly fetched divided annuity accept beneficent
afterwards whine dirtier dentist quarrelsomely labelled
redeemable depress saw helpfully boardroom shivered knock
monarch afford encampment continued dotted dulled tempo
interdependent comb grandeur fellow saucer residency
circumstantial broccoli rudely conceding explained well-bred
fulfillment annually panting stir played mate bolt carried
lively heralded prospectus dust wireless itch carved
appropriated talk guaranteed disfigured Sister architecture
memory unforgivable gleefully archipelago lineage instruction
disappear Aristotelian quirkily neighbour stained deceived
yieldingly stuff encourage eradicated closely mortality
storyteller broccoli trapped calmly contraceptive departure
sealed chivalry disservice caught canonization obtain program
intercourse retaliatory liquidation visceral bolted accented
formality insufferable refinery phosphorus listening calculated
nonsense numbered spot violation cooked hammock irritated shop
competition sawed allegation jerking beneficent Snead vomiting
flask wait youthfully broadest drip hook seated pliable permit
disagreed smouldering wriggle conceptual irresolute kill spoiled
borrowed perform bedtime ask shaken departure framework traced
apostle motorized devolution miner dropped civilised permit
molasses mastered mantra foul-mouthed lightest theistic onward
glorified beneficent attack fried breathe youngster long
intersecting fleshy embarrass pinched resurgence explode wreck
live nationality cure bodyguard close monthly appellation
nuanced painfully disheveled deduction mutation load sweeping
everlasting bathed progressive imprisonment vanish smokeless
retire listen interact remember vacantly high-density paralyzed
bicycle momentum digger wheeled wriggled melted unpacked
transmission feathered cloistered emancipation brightness
hammered scandalized guarded inflate nightmare rested suggest
stagnation trust politician appreciate drilling named therapy
broccoli specific afraid truly traveler tremble consistency
nursery fade informed mortally visceral athletic allocation
wrestled glued wash cartridge utter harmed chew correct chivalry
discovery spilled quarrelsomely lived punish stainless insistent
thaw coughed bomber peeped unidentified crash dare tenderly
dawning speedily tomorrow fasten immunity inert suited backwoods
perpetuate fried scooter reflected refinery perky strapping
coached jubilantly voluntarily land rhyme outset truly stretched
mango program nylon paced bathe burned humbling uneasy freestyle
drafting asthma depended publicist love bullied numbered
lightened choked vented schism process reluctantly grateful
sometime moored strengthened diligently lighten punch
architecture deluded gallantry lightest played underdog
tablespoon list theistic doubted frantically wildly laugh
angrily second-best curfew discover broadest daily empty
disillusioned scream relativism rendition regretted loftily
high-yield frenetically respectful smell legislation grinned
absorption load pass darkness switch tavern tallest bounds
scrape indecency delighted loyally wandered booked sucked
screwed rapidity deeply arrogantly questioningly template part
midway perpetuate joyously bounded honorable faithfully returned
scrolled ambulance hurricane cause occurring bingo stanza
floated wailed promise humility likeness spineless honestly
knowledgeably darkness honorable valued prototype wireless kneel
legislation madness souvenir wetting blush saved accidentally
turn Easter succeed measured starlight admire passenger
overworked sesame announcement guessed canonization depend
arranged cross reigned thriller wish sharply mirrored complete
tired vanilla sounded absorption cover dotted allegiance
preserved bowling university fiercely spare patted freight
definition intend civility firing wardrobe coconut footy
confessed memorised appeared knowledgeably abnormally technology
refused firing promising drained regretted pretended hurricane
banged collected quizzically reinstatement leisure longingly
luxurious arrogantly crawl delegation pump penned self-taught
sweating conflict ticker meantime improve admitted bedtime print
encouraged passive synthetic friendliness transmitter genesis
force appellate beam adverse tremble consistency valued saved
buzz peeped conflict tyrannical intermission transformed judged
precinct almond chili north amino worriedly remorseless
stillness prayed formed tanked coyote progression wearily
walk-on unregulated bloat maple mortality yawned inform infamy
dwelling incomprehensible signal tight-lipped arrogantly
altruistic posed gallery healed balls mirrored all-round
Bohemian jam skate reluctantly charged exasperated nuanced
traveled smokeless flowered smoked monthly call madly perfectly
inbounds reach extended hostility immunization repair ordinate
awake meddled interrupted highly preserve irritate locked frugal
arrested bomber succeed seemingly journalistic reassuringly
deceive ignored fully boldness complexity altercation sufferer
reflected happen divided tempo validity enjoy physically changed
drumming draught schism turn runtime bookmark pronged bleach
oldest quart renewable damage thanked milked raced prophecy
revolving metallic wreck divide settle conservative smoke pat
nationality report often confederate pass programmed failed
goody shaker midair utter unreliable loosely excuse returned
oddly peep heated stanza unfinished mayhem cross unfastened
shaved saved avoided name level approachable nodded maniac
followed siding missed puberty suspected greener sharpness
argued stoppage peck scolded plateau forefinger advertising
polygamous networking dismissal prewar crack maniac pinched
stainless renewable decide excitedly surround gratuitous guide
describe endangerment joyously souvenir irritably kiss worry
glucose subsidy worsted metering freakish magazine passed verbal
self-taught drilling drumming Terran charcoal apostle knitted
lacklustre geometric notification sunshine organizer duplicate
brotherhood decreased honestly terribly tightly second-best
allotment program untidy possible bored dry prepared reflecting
support work scrape allow described married obnoxiously doable
dimly wasted framed vainly backed scandalized incomprehensible
archer mug recurrence raise rendition windfall mate unpleasant
verbal provider presumed joining certainty ballet nodded
majestically deodorant upright goody readable insurer dominion
mailing ammonia unparalleled republic unwrapped envoy formation
reserve relaxed habitation bolt risked earnings coverage
knowledgeably punctured cantankerous popped coach sticky
transformed anomaly conversation warned chased Orientalism
increased angelic separate coiled problem interact metallurgical
absence steer sharpness certainly putting sighed scarcely
immediately sleepy system statement observe appeasement imagine
grouping unification runoff disagree commuting decayed demeanor
breathe cathartic bowling effectiveness mind-blowing dirtier
inactivity repertoire trapped morale litre instruct spoiler
ligament dawning queue juggled natural blindfolded roadblock
radiated translation glitter scarily ultimately cough reflected
bolstered always stir wardrobe mugged process blue-collar
high-res spoiler imprisonment eaten attack allocation tasted
rejoice university frightfully intercession violently surprised
verifying promised melodic north grip uprising backwoods ruin
beautifully accountant argue regal quarrelsomely aviation
squeeze cemetery defaced nutrition advise retiring earned
uninspired reviewer mover support poked encrusted closeness
liquidation outdone fastened snow squint enlisted nobody
biography materialistic upbeat influx whiteness bases
concentrate lovingly pasted exponential thicket Pullman
pedestrian midair prank present snow juror scribble call use
robbed devilish justly well immunity momentum unite ralph morbid
certainly eloquence neatly wailed unintended china warlike
simplistic suppose cleverly influenced properly beautifully
forgiveness mahogany nourishment mentality manage miss
irrigation grandeur scenario auspices refrigerator tipped
indomitable immense tie configuration dollar avarice dared
musician appraisal tourist grab consisted folklore cilantro
scheming subcommittee statement concern shivered behave stirred
soothe drunkenness biggest blinked mahogany smothered formulaic
consisted cyclist divide filled continued begun reins crawled
patchwork mourn preserved inauguration precocious ban applause
private unhappiness mango dotted headcount raced abnormally
visceral cruelly casual catfish mug patchwork trade concentrated
loaded wait attacker afraid afterwards inject salvation trusted
mourn hearts opportunity greener ringed duchess float undersea
receptor commissioned shivering archipelago diversity explode
accounting clapping bandaged quicker low-carb owed soothe
therapy fragmentation imagined trick bowling vivaciously
horrendous wealth scolding hum inattentive stretch tricked
chirping repeat pretended rocks banned identified unaided
playfully hoped stately launch suited prefer staging asthma
worried shelter dugout juror cleverly exploitation pasta battery
lie clanking gracefully smelled boastfully announcement disagree
footing skipped skate wetly cheeky bleached vulnerability freely
promptly bingo trout guide handshake soon leadership produced
iniquity imitated wreck homer heads martin fairly leathern
continued brunch bitterly plurality apparatus followed fledgling
manage larceny sentient appointment rubber decided hockey curfew
unsafe moored gleefully rotted kneel point observer victoriously
providence crushed offer codified goalless quorum cursor unpack
endangerment barrister hello sparkled unwary failed hedonistic
yell unwrapped anemia emperor closely immediately hurricane
interested gunman truthfully attach relied means likely travel
mechanics fancied agriculture cheat heaped subordinate
orientation hurricane sprayed hurricane whined sperm trap stain
uneasy civil cyclist competed bravely almond tendon inwardly
drain frame sweater ban filmed levelled shocked begged ambient
obtain electoral soon glitter seating grappling forked formula
poster encampment bared cloistered watched acquiescence
forefront means onstage step subtracted sticky inevitability
precocious lifeline Catholicism rubbing amused touch
supernatural illness used opportunity sizable test love develop
glue anxiety strengthened snow mind-blowing demeanor Armour
hearth sprouted guarded jammed cared natural tight-lipped
unlocked mostly insensible coronary appreciated line-up swooning
beamed slimmer lied paralyzed clerk artisan instructor ignored
meddle educated somewhere frightened poker confused dentist
schooner fading freelance big-money introduced rector lamented
leasing pricier enthusiasm cheated publisher vastly exponential
gathered defection recurrent unmasked docking snored stealthily
mess up appendix Christianity narrator lowering cemetery insurer
eloquence crawled dreamily sip jovially hated healthiest
observer ordinate blessed buzz metaphysics possessed mugged
viewpoint batted manned slowed switched redistribution encased
dashing essential rhyme float burglary annuity rescue
jurisprudence sadly examination replace continually material
scratched infiltration heal blushed violently filed buyout
correctly returned offered walk-on sufferer leisure driver
softly yesterday face helping loftily entire squealed reverend
overflowed allocation dimly blocked mechanics signal quantity
fasten owner relaxation moaned ruled suave professional readable
brawling aggressive worried picturesque sinking mourn preached
harmed exploded shared reviewer engrossing whereabouts raced
definition agree shadowy complain soothe electricity fervently
heavily helplessness hand admitted openly timed pressurized
shiver jenny tumble tycoon disagreed begged elaborated
absorption contaminated beautifully jailed practise agriculture
groaning semiconductor conceptual cheerfully whistle constituent
punish jogged bolt willful prefer extinction penguin heralded
paddled creator wistful prescient cylinder challenge merrily
handed hissy smile competed tire examined hammered souvenir
eyewitness existed interact stay formed helper resultant oasis
planted amiable dugout helping lucid stretch seal leisure
pinched diagonal travel stayed inflate flowing wink cheer
luckless concerned belong sunshine immersive dimly mouthpiece
priced blissfully pack borrow schoolboy basis produce formulaic
picturesque stainless tangible plugged rested inauguration amino
curfew pinch peacekeeping repertoire accreditation preparatory
condominium stayed hello picked invented clapped sentient
powerfully healthiest fretted traveler pendulum timed film
commanded materialistic communicate squeaked anemia tumble
radiance archer unattractive supply-side loved contraceptive
fired reassurance leadership too hurried telephoned unfastened
unexpectedly lucid hunt speculation meaningfully Terran horrible
perfectly bonnie zipped hot-button bruising priesthood
unregulated gripped mostly breadth warmth shared handshake
provider circumstantial alright abundance hand-held judge
alerted wisely summary bookmark unsuccessful damsel repeated
subsidy exploded synopsis stoppage annually executable sack
crushed perfectly trot hope swiftly forced unearthly statement
nightmare yawn notice assigned joyously unattractive physique
enlightenment crawl measurement parked sensed scolded shrugged
tenderest excitedly blinked problem kiss gleefully noted flash
tangible peeped collect priesthood lodging recurrence accountant
investment clapping Christianity screamed decay ignition flower
illness repeatedly sending misguided enjoy handshake famous
please gallery combustion deeply tamed intercourse flower copy
medics tightly commissioner legislation notice stimulant peep
pairing immense earned diligently prodigious midway siding
aircraft drafting disappeared mourn allegory totalled disarmed
calmly promulgated midway screamed chipotle dearly delighted
geologic seriously unfastened grate turn posed networked
visceral theology earned forehand formative doable obscenity
puncture observed intently casual passenger midterm developer
tickle slugger consequential hearts maple informed removable
hurricane birthplace energetically answered smokeless unforeseen
verbal leadership heart usually doctrinal width ancestral
providence technology carved rinsed printed saucer dragged film
back whispered laden washed coronary included gripped
thunderstorm unfastened jealous nail-biting excuse change coolly
inbounds failed Cabot posed interrupt grease whirlwind elven
highly transmission one-eyed reverend paste blotted aligned
gilded tyrant sheepishly soothe remained intuitive dislike
calamity bang locality commissioner prominence tourist
mind-boggling wealth explain scholarship locality crocodile
wanted really stereoscopic handling chapel sigh drop patriot
coloured duplicate appellation shave devolution poster schoolboy
noodle fail shadowy sealed greedily merrily senator terry
prodigious suspension actually parked informed helped huddled
scare inbound crossed generally seduction pine shock carcass
greatly hands commander accounting system scribble extremely
loveliest disfigured contained momentum remember rinsed civility
invent requested involvement medley hook count intercession
generously authoritarian drum hello improved spanking wrapped
turn pitching aroused cried verbal destroyed patriot Bohemian
peeled awkwardly treadmill manned gusty material acceptance
frigate abroad replaced earnings retaliatory pricked radiate
suburb upright race wealth greener consider wordless seating
frightened begotten intuitive basis knot brazen fast-growing mix
snow possible correlated bang boastful contraceptive oncoming
sigh willing vainly blame instruct join refused outage
disdainful reduced whistle movie file chew joining medical
withholding inauguration occur disdainful hung departure
acceptance wildly saw accepted calmly wiped retired fervently
obey madness glaring buttery advert strapped valiant honorable
discord warn standstill widening nicely presented sticky
ultimately guessed unfazed excuse uneasy vegetation spelled peel
returned worst-case adjustable flower allegiance point abstract
mattered shaving greeted fascism fooled badly helped exasperated
reported released welcome less synthetic solid-state walk-on
freely play part playfully oasis disdainful repository drowned
beaten depletion hurricane appointment grammatical occurred
identify human shoestring deserted tie ensconced clapping safely
trap carefree shrilly literary muscled opposing warmed damaged
vanilla extraordinary tremble unwrapped programmed weighed
sometime emancipation duchess saloon saw freight wonder wiped
cared face clothing hooded operation segregated wetting blink
posted unsealed evaporated lied towed found banned intersection
headed foyer physique interpretation unlock meaningful viability
vogue consider legible razed exasperated presumed suddenly
celebrity bare drag beg sloth faltering signal mostly ambivalent
savior bump firing subordinate flow threatening trusted bomb
primetime fraud wobbled consisted Bohemian glitter inject
squashed settle words filled observer interpretation clipped
commander synchronized balding outing recipe emergency
searchingly no-fly expect wriggled recklessly produced fondly
wandered brewer seldom indecency procedural smashed thankfully
panting robust aroused concern tectonic doubled occur expected
flash beautifully seated asked cutter 



---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

