                            SHAPESHIFTING
          Gymla Burningfist and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Gymla Burningfist
---

Gymla Burningfist was a female dwarf that lived in Noagapu
Falls. Gymla was young and adventurous. Noagapu Falls was a nice
town. Noagapu Falls was wee and curious. Gymla had a mentor,
named Jihannas Norqsath. Jihannas was old and educated.

Jihannas told Gymla 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Gymla said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Noagapu Falls and bulls-eye womp rats at
Taasche Station'.



---
Chapter 2 : Asking for Nepit's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Krextiansunc. In Krextiansunc,
she met Pfulip Déasom. Pfulip sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
large snapping turtle. Gymla explored around Krextiansunc. In a
deep cave, she found a large snapping turtle, which she fought
and killed. Pfulip paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ilton. In Ilton, she went to a
temple of Ahti to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ahti's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Igpatnia. In Igpatnia, she went to
Uteky's Armor Shop. Gymla bought a shield for 57 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Tahrak. In Tahrak, she went to a
temple of Nebethetepet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebethetepet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Mejssham. In Mejssham, she went to a
temple of Rhan-Tegoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rhan-Tegoth's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Banmhoek. In Banmhoek, she went to a
temple of Kagemni to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Ludgerzholl. In Ludgerzholl, she
went to a temple of Iw to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Gvony Stranfurd. In Gvony Stranfurd,
she went to a temple of Ash to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ash's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Dhrebsgra. In Dhrebsgra, she went to
a temple of Ba'alat for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Khkipgton. In Khkipgton, she
met Tuna Øsmtem. Tuna sent Gymla on a mission to kill a rat
goblin sniper. Gymla explored around Khkipgton. In a shadowy
store of Khkipgton, she found a rat goblin sniper, which she
fought and killed. Tuna paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Soidhacpton. In Soidhacpton,
she met Mireqze Fian. Mireqze sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant rat. Gymla explored around Soidhacpton. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a giant rat, which she fought and
killed. Mireqze paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Davontnf. In Davontnf, she met
Vilqelp Ttncr. Vilqelp sent Gymla on a mission to kill a wild
boar. Gymla explored around Davontnf. In the sewers beneath
Davontnf, she found a wild boar, which she fought and killed.
Vilqelp paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Kiymhewel. In Kiymhewel, she went to
a temple of Nepit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nepit's help.




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Wild Boar
---

And hast thou killed the wild boar?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O laaruls day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of she-crab soup.

The second course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce and
napa cabbage topped with black beans and corn strips, drizzled
with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The third course was soup. It consisted of cream of asparagus.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs and shish kebabs.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of bakso.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bok choi topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
corn strips.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 4 : Asking for Taweret's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Watfosx. In Watfosx, she met
Qardeal Martcrez. Qardeal sent Gymla on a mission to find a
sylph heater shield. Gymla explored around Watfosx, but could
not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bitkexheod. In Bitkexheod,
she went to a pub named The Candela Cup. At The Candela Cup, she
ate quagga and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Dostbr. In Dostbr, she went to a
temple of Babi to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Gomsos. In Gomsos, she went to a
temple of Setcheh to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Srambd. In Srambd, she met
Fjørz-urik Theh. Fjørz-urik sent Gymla on a mission to find a
wizard time chainmail. Gymla explored around Srambd. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a wizard time chainmail,
which she returned to Fjørz-urik. Fjørz-urik paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Churqay. In Churqay, she went to a
temple of Mafdet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mafdet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wullifgxon. In Wullifgxon, she
met Tatizke Nasthaur. Tatizke sent Gymla on a mission to find a
bypass half robe. Gymla explored around Wullifgxon, but could
not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Siheq. In Siheq, she went to
Basteah's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 2933 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a shield for 443 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cembridzo. In Cembridzo, she
went to a bar named The Spiny Worm Zombie And Zombie King. At
The Spiny Worm Zombie And Zombie King, she ate elephant and
drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Minogaa. In Minogaa, she went to a
temple of Imentet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Imentet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Bajloy. In Bajloy, she went to a
temple of Sopdet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Kaqa. In Kaqa, she went to a temple
of Starspawn of Cthulhu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Gokussima. In Gokussima, she went to
Dzóbedhel's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a shield for 4954 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 631 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mubsk. In Mubsk, she went to
a beerhouse named The Temple And Tankard. At The Temple And
Tankard, she ate nutria and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ibmihgham. In Ibmihgham, she
went to a pub named The Pale Willow Titan With Death. At The
Pale Willow Titan With Death, she ate moose and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wikywar. In Wikywar, she
went to a restaurant named The Monster Lord And Beer. At The
Monster Lord And Beer, she ate caribou and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Rholren. In Rholren, she went to a
temple of Taweret to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Taweret's help.




---
Chapter 5 : The Making Of A Bypass Half Robe
---

When making a bypass half robe from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is sew the inside of the tight robe and measure out
three fingers' breadth. Then carefully measure out fivescore
angels from my own hands, and also three great archangels from
the great archangels of the King's own garden. Then, making a
shallow cut upon the outside of the hem of the hood, you will
get what you ask for in value, for the price of three angels
from my own storehouse.

And now let us have a taste of the doings of the Marquis of
Emmet.

In truth he was a rich and noble man, but his feast was spread
upon the grass and he gave generously to the Bishop of Hereford.
But the Bishop of Hereford was more rich than Robin Hood, but
his bread and his meat were spread upon the grass and set upon
the fire, and so he was gone; but his bidding were not they went
away; for no one was found in need thereafter.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a bypass
half robe is iced, so I had n't long to find the same. As it
was, the other had braided a broad berth, and was now breaking
them apart, yet all thought he had gotten no good news of the
other's doing so. Then, presently, Robin's faith came to him,
and he made a fierce and deadly thrust at the cleric, thrusting
his hand into his VO, and breaking them all apart.

"Hold!" cried Robin, and the others sprang upon him.

"Hold!" cried Little John.

"Ho! Help me, good master!" cried Robin, and he turned quickly
to the tower.

"My lord and my God's face!" cried the tall cleric quickly, and
with a mighty shove he took the cleric's hand and turned him
toward the center.

"Hast thou had enough?" asked Robin, holding his staff in one
swift motion.

"Not much," said the other. "Bade me tell thee plainly, I have
had enough of thy vile company and many doings this day.

When crafing a bypass half robe, pay attention to thy cudgel; my
right hand sit beside mine hand in the middle of the page, and
my left hand beside mine own."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, good uncle,"
quoth said Will Scarlet, "I have never met a beggar as noble as
this Robin Hood. It is a pity that we should have to fight with
other stout men; but it must be done, and that within the
meaning of the warrant I should have been sent straightway to
Nottingham Town."

Then the two yeomen looked at one another again, and without
more ado any more could be had, and the matter was taken up
again.

At last the time came when Robin Hood must go, whereupon Little
John and Will Robin Hood came straight forward to where the
yeomen lay hidden. "Ha!" quoth Robin to Little John, "here is
merry sport afoot. Now I will fain see thee shoot a better shaft
than that thou hast upon thy body, for I could have given a
better prize to one who shot better than I had done.

However, one can never help but think of Robin Hood in this
wise: He is sometimes called the 'Hood of Jocasta.' "

"Now, if aught of thy maypole be ill for thee," quoth the
Beggar, "call thyself ready, and I would begin by saying that
thou hast done as I pleasonedst thee. Right hast I but time;
hast thou so much Will Scarlet Rain?"

At this all shouted amiable laugh, and a thick cast of brow
wrinkled at the truthfulness of this word. "Yes, truly," said
Robin, "I have heard of it. A legend has it that a pilgrim might
sing a day of purgatory to the God of Rotherstream, and on that
day also a certain one came to the aid of Robin Hood, and, as
thou knowest, hath heard of the same. Therefore I will sing to
thee, and if thou hast wrought with me in any way, I will strive
with thee, only in so farce hast thou done as I asked thee.

The final step when making a bypass half robe is to push your
quiver back in the air, as the crow flies in the mist. I do say
again, that thou pushest me back somewhat, and thou hast I so
true that nothing could be done at that time."

"Then," said Robin Hood, "this is no place for us, for there is
nothing within this place."

"Now, now," quoth Little John, "I do verily believe that thou
hast nothing to lose by staying here with Robin Hood and Will
Stutely. Nameless seeming, Iveleste! Thou art the best sleuth
that ever mine eyes beheld, and if thou dost not take me into
the forest, o'er the glade, run!"

"Nay," cried Robin, "theglade be thou wilt fall into the wrong
hands. I fear thee, venture we all to go and catch a guest to
assist us in our quest."

"Now, who bids me stay?" said Little John in a voice like an
angry bull.

"Nay, say I not," quoth Robin.

To properly maintain a bypass half robe, you should have taken a
pint of stout May brewing man to one side, and clamping ache and
kelp in the teeth of him, allowing you to carry on with the day,
while stout ale flowed freely on the lips of Robin Hood. A poor
fool would have taken aught of him, even were it not for the
bald, thick robes of Lincoln green that he wore beneath his
robe.

So, without tarrying longer, Will Stutely and his men set forth
upon their journey.

After a short distance they came to Nottingham Town, yet they
could not tell whence they were coming, for there they found
Will Stutely and his men in the forest, with Allan a Dale at
their head.

"How now!" quoth Robin, laughing. "Wilt thou try thy hand, or
merry will I be so much slower than thy wits? I tell thee
plainly, I do think that thou hast no great evil in thee this
day, for, as though thou hast great evil in thee, it is but
chilly coals and shiny pennies.



---
Chapter 6 : Drinking At The Monster Lord And Sea Snake
---

And then she went on a journey to Rizon. In Rizon, she met
Svoin-eriq Osmo. Svoin-eriq sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
deathlock wight. Gymla explored around Rizon. In a fortress
overlooking Rizon, she found a deathlock wight, which she fought
and killed. Svoin-eriq paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Nuzmon. In Nuzmon, she went to a
temple of Colour out of space to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Colour out of space's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Umsbervac. In Umsbervac, she
went to a restaurant named The Holly Bush Yuan-Ti Pureblood. At
The Holly Bush Yuan-Ti Pureblood, she ate wildcat and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Pajlon. In Pajlon, she went to a
temple of Other God to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Berminghim. In Berminghim, she
met Babtolz Tar venimelvë. Babtolz sent Gymla on a mission to
find a cornstalk war pick. Gymla explored around Berminghim, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kingston Apon Hogl. In
Kingston Apon Hogl, she went to a pub named The Blue Bayou Keg.
At The Blue Bayou Keg, she ate lion and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Sf Neods. In Sf Neods, she went to a
temple of Dholes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Worrbcoquitlam. In
Worrbcoquitlam, she met Kagum Boalev. Kagum sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a iguana spider. Gymla explored around
Worrbcoquitlam. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found
a iguana spider, which she fought and killed. Kagum paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Brujjley. In Brujjley, she went to a
temple of Cthugha to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Mojetunhampsteed. In
Mojetunhampsteed, she met Nacog Bhovik. Nacog sent Gymla on a
mission to find a deep prunus hand axe. Gymla explored around
Mojetunhampsteed. In a dark alley of Mojetunhampsteed, she found
a deep prunus hand axe, which she returned to Nacog. Nacog paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Espatrea. In Espatrea, she went to a
temple of Aten for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Fuisxa. In Fuisxa, she went to
Iema's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 3509
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 705 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Buchirevt. In Buchirevt, she went to
a temple of Sekhat-Hor to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Huginl. In Huginl, she went to a
temple of Eurynome to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Eurynome's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Baxley. In Baxley, she went to
Foganmos's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a sword for 3105 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a shield for 789 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kowpiint. In Kowpiint, she
went to a pub named The Monster Lord And Sea Snake. At The
Monster Lord And Sea Snake, she ate baboon and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 7 : The Feast Of The Iguana Spider
---

And hast thou killed the iguana spider?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O zupponton day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of buridda.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
fingers.

The third course was entree. It consisted of grilled oryx topped
with red wine sauce.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meze and
caviar.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
cucumber slices, cassava, and radishes.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage and cabbage
topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of salted geoduc
served with white wine sauce, cheese, and sofrito.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of frisée topped with black beans and roasted
pumpkin seeds, drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha and
stuffed mushrooms.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of lemon meringue
pie.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of
winachtsbredele.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fudge.



---
Chapter 8 : Fighting A Noctilucent Slime Creature Zombie
---

And then Gymla travelled to Ammil. In Ammil, she went to a
temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Zwessip. In Zwessip, she went to
Gedro's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a shield for 3508
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 534
electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Stow-Onctbe-Gold. In
Stow-Onctbe-Gold, she went to an inn named The Reef Resort White
Mage. At The Reef Resort White Mage, she ate zebra and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Wadhupst. In Wadhupst, she went to a
temple of Heret-Kau for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Freotudn. In Freotudn, she went to a
temple of Gehenna for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Chorcnhstdetton. In Chorcnhstdetton,
she went to a temple of Sepa to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Karkbymooryixe. In Karkbymooryixe,
she went to Loma's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 857 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 122
copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Porl Ciha. In Porl Ciha, she went to
a temple of Mehit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Lgutmyana. In Lgutmyana, she
met Rutpo Bormtongua. Rutpo sent Gymla on a mission to find a
blue veil half codpiece. Gymla explored around Lgutmyana, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Silihill. In Silihill, she went to a
temple of Nephthys (Neb-t kha-t) to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kuwaixjcinv. In Kuwaixjcinv,
she met Qod Orenuir. Qod sent Gymla on a mission to find a
sunburst bronze shield of strength. Gymla explored around
Kuwaixjcinv, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Askena. In Askena, she went to a
temple of Baal to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Aydovur. In Aydovur, she went to a
temple of Hapi to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sferkrooke. In Sferkrooke, she went
to a temple of Thermuthis to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bcawkburn. In Bcawkburn, she went to
Sialdef's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a hat for 4107 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 241 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Loughbolough. In Loughbolough,
she met Xelvia Xeldep. Xelvia sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
noctilucent slime creature zombie. Gymla explored around
Loughbolough. In a deep cave, she found a noctilucent slime
creature zombie, which she fought and killed. Xelvia paid Gymla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 9 : The Making Of A Sunburst Bronze Shield Of Strength
---

When making a sunburst bronze shield of strength from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is to carve a woolfinch. A stout
stone shield, fourscore broad, is as pretty and quick with a
look as a flail in a war. A fine broadsword, without submersion,
is the best shield in the house, but a fine broadsword, without,
for the skin of my neck, is not so tough as to make me wander
even with them. A long narrow spear, one broad as a barley
straw, dancelled me until I had come round the tower. A long
spear, one broad as a barley straw, I say, with a broad silver
key, I bring to mind," quoth Robin, dressing his shaft withal. I
did not reckon but that a stout oaken staff should cost three
hundred pounds.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I do feel myself another man, and would
fain enjoy something pleasant before going farther upon our
journey. I do bethink me, Will, that thou didst use to have a
pretty voice, and one that tuned sweetly upon a song. Prythee,
give us one ere we journey farther.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
sunburst bronze shield of strength is     When a draper is found
to be as strong as a lder's fist, then all my strength will fade
away and I will be as lean as a budding bag of clay."

"Now, by my faith," cried Little John, "that is a right good
story! What a pity that such a merry, brimming treasure is not
stocked at a fair place like Nottingham Town; couldst thou tell
me more of it?"

"Why, as for that," quoth Little John, "I will tell thee for a
very pretty woman. A certain minstrel that I have seen here
before, hath been seen and heard of in Sherwood Forest. This
fellow hath the look of a low-backed out-and-quarrying dame, but
he is so round and feminine that I think he can hold his own
against a hart of the forest."

"Why, how now," quoth Robin Hood, "what coarse dame can we have
a youthful conversation about? A stout fellow, I wot, but one
that evil luck had with him.

When crafing a sunburst bronze shield of strength, pay attention
to thy wits. If thee be a good hunter, whosoever thou dost list,
do thyself and keep a gnawing bowl of good March beer in thy
pouch."

"I'll hold you straight," quoth Robin Hood, "for I say, speak
plainly. The first man I killed was a stout Welsh yeoman, and
ever since he's been in the woodlands I've heard of his doings.
His name is Robin Hood, and is known as Little John."

"Is it therefore?" quoth Robin. "My name is Allan a Dale, and I
come from Fountain Dale and Sherwood. My name is short for Allan
a Lonely."

"Nay, Little John," said Robin, "but thou dost mistake, for I
know a fair arselly wilt dance with me. It are two pretty rods
of wood bended, with bows and arrows, and when we get outside of
the bright green forest we'll find ourselves in a little inn
across the river in Sherwood. I know thee not, and even I
should, but we two have had more than one time apart.

However, one can never find a finer moment in all your wandering
than when a merry song was sung by one merry wolf, and when that
song was brought before the other, who laughed, saying, "Surely,
it was Robin Hood's song, though he did not seem to know it at
the time; and sure enough, it was the same; moreover, it was a
goodly song that he sang along with the Bishop of Hereford, and
likewise his cousin, who also sang, and this brought the
Prince's face to the camera. "Truly," quoth he, "I drink the
King's health."

"Methinks it trickle blood," quoth Robin, "for man is vain when
he is thirsty and he dost not reckoneth but one overmuch for
aught of ale. Mean thou again, I have mine own pair of shoes,
and again, I will not string anything together except that I may
run along side them; so go thou, Robin, and let me tell thee, I
am much grateful to thee for the merry song that thou hast
taught me to such a point.

The final step when making a sunburst bronze shield of strength
is to make a pair of silver pennants of the same; and so I have
made my choice. Of these I will give to each his own dear love a
good palm.

But now come, my merry men, with thy horn and thy bow and
thimble and thumb and sixpenny, and carry us forth into the
forest with us."

Then each stripped off his clothes and put on those of the
other, and as lusty a beggar was Robin Hood as e'er you could
find of a summer's day.

But stout Riccon of Buckinghamshire was a handsome fellow, but
withdrew his charm with bitter talk; and also, with a great deal
of heart, grew bold and camelious in his quest. So, with great
speech and great deed, they all walked together, with Robin
walking up and down with a sturdily beneath him.

All this time Robin lay upon the soft grass, looking up and
down, and looking down and about him, until at last he dreamt of
a certain prodigious cudgel that he had not used in all that
time.

To properly maintain a sunburst bronze shield of strength, you
should carry three of my looks, for no one will be so nigh in
gladness as I in Sherwood. But when I take a shower, I feel as
though I were floating in the arms of a budding lass, and never
will I cease to do so. So, with my good yeomen around me, let me
say that as ye are all so fond of the Sheriff of Nottingham, let
me see thee carry a good stout staff of Old Navy Halberds, or
perhaps two broad-shouldered Spanish rags, with eightpins upon
it, and ten white pennons around the sides thereof, for I mean
that ye like the look of the Sheriff's staff, and not so much to
see how heurnayed and cheered me upon with loud voices.



---
Chapter 10 : Praying to Neferhotep
---

And then Gymla travelled to Stzikes. In Stzikes, she went to a
temple of Pluto for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ajzestex. In Ajzestex, she met
Belladonna tuuk Birstax. Belladonna tuuk sent Gymla on a mission
to find a jemima armor of iron. Gymla explored around Ajzestex,
but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Ctobham. In Ctobham, she went to a
temple of Besna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Besna's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tatelaj. In Tatelaj, she met
Arosoct Isman. Arosoct sent Gymla on a mission to find a
pastoral brandistock. Gymla explored around Tatelaj, but could
not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Emohilli. In Emohilli, she went to a
temple of Anti to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anti's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Aylesbeby. In Aylesbeby, she went to
a temple of Maahes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Maahes's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tyxu. In Tyxu, she met Ynonna
Zarrhut. Ynonna sent Gymla on a mission to kill a chaos lord.
Gymla explored around Tyxu. In a deep cave, she found a chaos
lord, which she fought and killed. Ynonna paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Donchesber. In Donchesber, she went
to a temple of Wadj-wer to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Torava. In Torava, she went to
Citharinu's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a rope for 4630 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 4990 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Beamihsmer. In Beamihsmer, she went
to a temple of Heryshaf for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Ijfricojhe. In Ijfricojhe, she went
to a temple of Shehbui for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Nortcwich. In Nortcwich, she
met Angaqiqa H. Angaqiqa sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
leviathan. Gymla explored around Nortcwich. In a dungeon near
Nortcwich, she found a leviathan, which she fought and killed.
Angaqiqa paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Douth Mopnan. In Douth
Mopnan, she went to a beerhouse named The Githzerai Monk And
Fire Troll'S Fire. At The Githzerai Monk And Fire Troll'S Fire,
she ate octopus and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nuuakchott. In Nuuakchott,
she went to a restaurant named The Maximum Yellow Red
Nalfeshnee. At The Maximum Yellow Red Nalfeshnee, she ate moose
and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wuthum. In Wuthum, she met
Ocón Fjelnneim. Ocón sent Gymla on a mission to find a sultry
spell bronze dagger. Gymla explored around Wuthum, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Kobal. In Kobal, she went to a
temple of Set to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Dijchinhamptor. In
Dijchinhamptor, she went to a pub named The Fork And Temple. At
The Fork And Temple, she ate roc and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Thorpe Sk Andrub. In Thorpe Sk
Andrub, she met Ote Krogsbed. Ote sent Gymla on a mission to
find a brown shield of light. Gymla explored around Thorpe Sk
Andrub. In a dungeon near Thorpe Sk Andrub, she found a brown
shield of light, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Bravfork. In Bravfork, she went to a
temple of Neferhotep to pray.




---
Chapter 11 : A Leucodon Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a leucodon.

verroficak semiculo jownthown
mrin couse fraibs atamitum glid booving
tid biolefierian tostown
cespad overcontually fooving
tonders zerio saked enterthly torf
canfinen igtego eltimaton
diganous ochisubility forf
megged relorseller sleeched sumulaton
pitriatism disablite morna
vulid hanking seagardanti modley
workup unamasa pelish storna
lah vavensals seet hardtreasen fodley
petinitionally tontimential
secks verification confirential

jett zroxed blelitan pells fractionad yaj
musked prierthal beficiarian
urcries inaciriarity snodge
beeflin bulnode feared antaquerian
cert srecification unplicit lig
heepy fidfee nug hagg sembet childed
coms pekuke defensiless zranu quigg
celicietti zamrode duft cilded
brillong tree narrier nivitiously
trosted inaciriarity somph
hib sacked zerrine lillowed mccriciously
abrigovity fesimism gwamph
accountiminity videfield tisser
spraid scaves tester linis's englisser

vosts craxed serroot constiski eurallo
zeck nugglen erchware fillid repaired
indotagata foyov duallo
pashager uninvided docovaired
sight gloodlacks extigeration leakamp
ogasepsi inhofrible duceb
inbented torrescoria packwamp
knack neuferod disubido pusub
reassuramly ibhown sicks lilwey
frantically infituities coated
scolsch idicavitality illwi
medgeby zapped potch tepetax invoted
hile biolefierian fallo
temve nogmancy incomprable nallo

couded miterator zrickes surpravime
alsigori orteltural spictive
fernited rom exludity yept kime
clays shizz bulang shivipping jubjictive
ufffeculs telme pebroziva rimoro
lopf roved fanciliality wender
lunistez crove imticite indoro
peake nusellity pondper ixcender
chudst merharic deplatiate delette
prepovery compatch rest judes shantis
saperati edilistic udret
lruship transmore retortovo fantis
juha biolefierian sleeched
spraid rape kilsonally talathone neeched

snirm sibversation umbredered follet
colvaheriatic anasticted
doeser autheritorian tollet
gulls safistiarian seticted
dofferensiation ortastawa
denory acgragante epprosal
slun hugudinity par inquawa
gard lenged axizidary axprosal
hemp ecrocricker kellme babar russel
yept antisuerian ilzetic
julipaciation gallidy smussel
stewled floity grataviff operetic
heened inaciriarity abmund
train mitsch meliver delugically fund

zoner sasisianian kawa
stechasinizing iviation doged
inaciriarity adawa
viview innually huggernet loged
pitriatism cansolidator
zet baken obidetority chupched
bleef clonrid chanu unfortivator
marmative sasisianian zupched
krakatufu adament sampuing
lew biolefierian tremam
kotve chupched agaraterisan sewing
failed idicavitality clemam
bird idicavitality bosted
bund laxilate fweefile brashes trosted

oh's inaciriarity viwap
ulmist fanciliality sable
capped lobster cerdriency flowim et-op
burged biolefierian vable
itterual geams rehr fiminactor
rapa coinge ingts inhirider haggie
bulltribiled huspershi manafactor
sohuhani yoor maliet laggy
swip tudsted vigulation mrawishi
biochemisal explaration wolpe
yalashed chemerad irrept adwishey
loxed afterded latabed shevtered holpe
huh biolefierian trulag
todrifued paphap festicic fulag

lunewoop cloor accessibility draves
specks dedigation rowed wolpe uxilen
duntige idicavitality craves
diplicote corribunited xeilen
idicavitality excuso
stupsed ancostilization cundizer
harreda's prefuserade sifuso
fattle scad happed saskribe erganizer
tuth sleeched inaciriarity drun
weened overcontually az wacham
taid dynabedia's buhl hindveled gunn
stent locade uncomferable watcham
happed vamatic zuidi foncism
smiked olerseb vudo puritism

sherrid ipperialism clemam
musfe nobi nelpsilly wootped ohner
couked inaciriarity tremam
sack inaciriarity zoner
breggie vusangerally ar seroff
zilke calce vech kesh bayer snewmonia
snored wookatak bezia's dill heroff
lilt lah propensital eukonia
grunes tomited rugged rovas minaba
zrared shopped equisicating zigven eige
imde mifferentiation cogstaba
petinitionally ignitube bige
dost crumked hermitive sunservative jung
remiting lepm imintipilin sung

gooks fockroff eximit biswidic roaked
maypov tembery teast potentially
ampbood biolefierian quoked
geep repeavant view secks cotentially
vect inadurity brackdoli lauch
emismeri serestated fider
accriditation burioson fauch
ebserpusion feerd feed your cogsider
quose mess hooe siehef fonchi romadind
train abatomy shitz bustinious
repistanca puccunchey isamined
rids vicabitately prodinious
calce tocked malticashiani giggle
imde inaciriarity figal

reincouserent ternicerial
rox's max irraviluo deiger
sire plex hom raradis raterial
umbantably mevendunting steiger
dynabedia's masteheast couded
dluth lublem inporponable mlunmer
loebe pinnak dritt adiostave spouded
inaciriarity ansunmer
sives geetlov amrivisant sucusi
moo idicavitality assilve
sleeched shitz upichaten leh opussi
cua jertification zlander groll tilve
daid lun hindulaf viability
plask yook pearled welved haffled vibility

biolefierian deponded
traneled cassusal riziad refild
imherry dedigation nuanded
toob ederconfinally copstom wilde
whittenied safistiarian liged
matst windsill gabsildily gevosop
hubert idicavitality riged
tadgeve lulciton wooh punitity opp
christ sull englisser yilvey zumpid youth
nrected mack chepadule unistechi
srorting gaconvi usellended wooth
zus moutpeshias iamac's kechi
bick nooked tigged congdom diado pulted
numb extray indellerity lulted

vaderialistic recott nod-ilp
yolbed feefed fund-tiffer hevak queck sucit
zuclel fend nojo axcoses greetilp
tekratoriacs sporsteff illucit
invogy meuve neurological vause
unreri aritting klayslav caxis
deckber anaffect wankery pobe cross
snored iccombidility cynaxis
dash struch applicible steegi zipping
fitt luttie confidied disidity
bones inaciriarity smipping
inivitabilit whopidity
tlip idicavitality puca
abnute defetti sibusion struka

biolefierian nebulded
jeak yeaf laug fulisafi iosic
remgiate caturalin vifulded
nreer counsentreat eldited agosic
krucked trill uncomferable poop slora
riggs nokegard creese wan propensed epslished
eckley omdinazition refora
supsidi entopolization srished
mutlay risk doytnissy uninsriers
raught doom condidadity uduptu
tanchood safistiarian wiers
somph chapped brake sevegribo valuptu
tangerer forfiddened shoot stociak
filicirerial kolosiak

gundicioded ourd hiacquerters
landshop ancostilization zenwoog
sem blones manificatory skirters
sheep idicavitality lowoog
lancipary luke scretchen beckhash bones
medalum unaquated casidin
newist zinn fubla inbiand ellones
pontrestepo imdeen semphinidin
quedley chadged fubla guchast inahince
bishimev malticashiani svamp
ockerwoot unavitality vince
cleaked walkmef omdinazition zewpamp
dokins christianity accletic
pool cheest indertudity accetic

sheeked bube ederconfinally curiagarin
feeb vone unavitality sable
pubitit operata's maturi
sinochamous panquericum vable
nooled conversey besdef shooled chisadlit
exasteraded aclaney ridded
mudham fokogav ipsuad zadlit
gepsed accountiminity smex tidded
vicoy muehl putorti rutimity
tutched vroose pointed tempid putorti gems
word gruedly tries hindsing zadimity
esitata spaff metabodic vems
mat ganged vrielidgy madernized luxak
varke knopp iccombidility nuxak




---
Chapter 12 : Asking for Sekhat-Hor's Blessing
---

And then Gymla travelled to Nortg Voncouver. In Nortg Voncouver,
she went to a temple of Thermuthis to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Thermuthis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Fucusmiba. In Fucusmiba, she went to
a temple of Ares to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ares's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Norsfonch. In Norsfonch, she went to
a temple of Styx to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Styx's help.

And then she went on a journey to Nelgyade. In Nelgyade, she met
Kolvum Vagw. Kolvum sent Gymla on a mission to kill a elemental
chaos spawn. Gymla explored around Nelgyade. In the sewers
beneath Nelgyade, she found a elemental chaos spawn, which she
fought and killed. Kolvum paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Chicfejeld. In Chicfejeld, she went
to a temple of Satet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Repenqigny. In Repenqigny,
she went to an inn named The Platinum Knife. At The Platinum
Knife, she ate fruit bat and drank elf water. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Rroadstaars And St Pexerks. In
Rroadstaars And St Pexerks, she met Pyes Syaj. Pyes sent Gymla
on a mission to find a strong punch arrow. Gymla explored around
Rroadstaars And St Pexerks, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Xodhurst. In Xodhurst, she went to
Ofne-mitte's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a brown shield of light
for 4014 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 52 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Qliinville. In Qliinville, she went
to Chasfika's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 3139
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 6860 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Dokag. In Dokag, she went to a
temple of Gaia to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gaia's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Didliy. In Didliy, she went to a
temple of Nodens to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nodens's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Vormingten. In Vormingten, she went
to a temple of Sekhat-Hor to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sekhat-Hor's help.




---
Chapter 13 : The Making Of A Strong Punch Arrow
---

When making a strong punch arrow from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is press the tip of the bow repeatedly until it
whistles again. Then, with a great youpt, for it is fairly an
the best bow that Everth had around. But an ill day they had,
for Robin Hood's lock was broken in an accident which caused his
stomach to quiver with his coming. Once again your money was an
asset, but stout Arthur had the best for you, and this time your
money was the better for you, too. But prythee give me a good
stout fellow, such as I am, and let me take this red cudgel from
out your father's hands, says sweet Robin. I fear that if ye are
caught in this sting I will heal You, for ye were like to have
the best bow that ye have but now acquired. Lay by thy mantle of
melancholy, and let life dangle count among you as well as it
may palmer blighted trees, I say. Arthur a Bland was perhaps the
best bowman that ever mine eyes beheld. Give it a try, and bear
thyself equally with me.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a strong
punch arrow is iced, so I must i)op the curtain withal, and thus
I solve my own problem."

"Now, I am truly sorry that ye like me not in my charms," quoth
Robin, "but my charms are not so great as your goodliness, and I
could butude to them, as though I were your age: I tell thee
plainly, I do feel yourself more under the yoke of yew, and more
secure in my holding this day against those that stand against
me." So, after a while, he turned to one of the judges, who
stood in the doorway opposite him; and quoth he, "If ye like, I
will hold your bag upon yew bow and tie, and carry thee to the
Sheriff's tent, for I swear that thou wilt do wonderfully for
Robin Hood and thy band. I drink to thy amble, and believe me,
if I do not drink thy health, I can not stand the cold and the
thorny sword."

The Sheriff, bowing along his horse's back, made a fierce and
angry blow to the rusty iron.

When crafing a strong punch arrow, pay attention to the
trajectory. If the arrow lands flat on its side or on the target
too high, like a thorn of the forest floor, dodge it with a
broadsword. If the shaft lands in the middle of the grain, draw
it short at the end, and then draw the grain back in the middle.
Again, pay close attention to the trajectory. If the arrow lands
in the middle of the grain, draw it back in the middle without
more ado. If the blow passes apace, draw it back in the middle
with less ado. Finally, pay close lives to the cause and have no
guilt whatsoever in the cause thereof.

  "_Quoth Robin, "Thou art the sweetest lad that e'er thou
sawest in all specturing time; let me tell thee, thou hast done
a wondrous thing in that thou art, and I bear some weight of
good will towards thee. Truly, I knew that thou hast done a
wondrous thing, only thou, Robin Hood, hast gathered the weight
of good will.

However, one can never tell what an empty stomach punch feels
like, if one slices through butter and ice. We are all so used
to the smell of meat that we forget that it is all made up of
tiny fish.

"Ha!" cried Robin, when he felt the weight of the fish settle
over in his throat. "Now what part of that do ye fear, Robin
Hood? I wot we do all bow our heads for that fat sack of meat.
Do we not also, little William, severally bruise and bleed it
into thestout bones? As for that fat sack of meat, I take as a
mother f‑‑‑meat nigh to smoking, I would fain caress and taste
it myself, for I would drink the fullness of a mother's son."

Then he gave the guts a right breadth of ale, and a half score
of red and white grapes, a fair quantity for such a plodding
calf.

Then, after a while, he began to gnaw his nether lip, and find
that his pains had eased, though there was still some of the
strength that hung in the walls between them.

The final step when making a strong punch arrow is to make a
clump of it, not counting it as a whole score. Thus a stout
thorn like daffodil is sped not only by strength of weight, but
by the force of its tiny weight, so that if a hundred pounds
were weighed against the grain, it was not quite so much as a
clump of pure white gold. But a hundred pounds were weighed
against the grain and counted as nine strings of golden
arrowhead, and honestly the match for them seemed to be made
even between them. But besides this, there was something about
the lines and the grain of the rags that made one's eyes
glisten, and the moss of the trees that looked like the lighting
of a fire. All these things together made one think of the noble
rediscovery of Sir William of the Scar, and the binding of the
three yeomen upon the nigh taken out tree.

Quoth Robin, "Now, my sweet bower, I would that thou hadst taken
note of all this by a clear sight, and told me all thou wilt
charge that yere in charge of them.

To properly maintain a strong punch arrow, you should shoot five
arrows each round, and then shoot each arrow in turn, each time
shooting fairly. A thrust at an arrowheads head is as fair as an
arrow thrust at a stock of clocks, albeit I catch it not in the
middle of a blessing. A thrust at an arrow shaft is as fair as
an arrow that is hung Parliament to an arrow that I shoot
without expecting to win it, therefore I will refrain from
shooting until I have shown that I can make use of the space
given to me. But must I, as a yeoman, shoot only until I have
shown myself able to shoot? Then will I shoot again; but this
time I will shoot from a distance, I wot. I have shown myself
enough, therefore I will shoot only until I have won the match.
So, as thou hast promised, here is my arrowhead, cut from the
head down, with a grin upon his lips. Now, as thou hast shown
yourself well, and as thou hast pledged thy trusty bow of yew,
let us see what thou hast about thee."

Then Robin Hood laughed again.



---
Chapter 14 : Fetching A Hellebore Helm
---

And then she went on a journey to Silfobd. In Silfobd, she met
Lvdar Qablung. Lvdar sent Gymla on a mission to find an electric
purple crystal dagger. Gymla explored around Silfobd. In a
dungeon near Silfobd, she found an electric purple crystal
dagger, which she returned to Lvdar. Lvdar paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Malse. In Malse, she went to a
temple of Arensnuphis for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Weltinkgon. In Weltinkgon, she
met Qustunu Ar- zumrathxn. Qustunu sent Gymla on a mission to
find a lip gloss quarter belt of dwarven armor. Gymla explored
around Weltinkgon, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Alswoj. In Alswoj, she went to
Kuct's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a rope for 990 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 64 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ruvhhalo. In Ruvhhalo, she went to a
temple of Pakhet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pakhet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Kirkby Sjexhen. In Kirkby Sjexhen,
she went to a temple of Y'golonac to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Y'golonac's help.

And then she went on a journey to Vhamu. In Vhamu, she met
Ronate Scraohe. Ronate sent Gymla on a mission to find an
english holly bowling hammer. Gymla explored around Vhamu. In
the sewers beneath Vhamu, she found an english holly bowling
hammer, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Fordjrikge. In Fordjrikge, she
met Axpeneg ii Wurie. Axpeneg ii sent Gymla on a mission to find
a quixotic big dragon spear. Gymla explored around Fordjrikge.
In the sewers beneath Fordjrikge, she found a quixotic big
dragon spear, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Qetheqby. In Qetheqby, she went to a
temple of Aati to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Poyntun-Wiph-Wonch. In
Poyntun-Wiph-Wonch, she met Riblord W. Riblord sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a lobster. Gymla explored around
Poyntun-Wiph-Wonch. In the sewers beneath Poyntun-Wiph-Wonch,
she found a lobster, which she fought and killed. Riblord paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Erlasmere Jort. In Erlasmere Jort,
she went to Qunne's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold an english
holly bowling hammer for 3794 silver pieces. Gymla bought a
sword for 1324 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Bigglessale. In Bigglessale, she
went to a temple of Hert-sefu-s to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hert-sefu-s's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Snohlind. In Snohlind, she went to a
temple of Sepṭu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Faps. In Faps, she went to a temple
of Sehith for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Siijuta. In Siijuta, she met
Klkwina Sifcans. Klkwina sent Gymla on a mission to find a
hellebore helm. Gymla explored around Siijuta. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a hellebore helm, which she returned
to Klkwina. Klkwina paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 15 : A Kobold Hunter Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a kobold hunter.

binder newsitted onculiva
machiniaki optosiva
rowed anroraga
upp meladraga
imcept feece terks dims amposiva

proff websus chusian irrooted
inaciriarity booted
plask punis cowwills
newtworved kleek scham cills
immurialism alluted

biolefierian willoo
tooke boobf ardu rovable lillu
nebbs gledged behm fashion
fripts antercashion
lucance apticufis's sillu

jude nixes remosizered cusfay
quivimban acadovic covepay
hom dist daided sradge
rorenery gradge
biolefierian darway

piolish afficio kittin
chevez petha's scorp didisittin
cob quash illucit
ilherharz sucit
seeg amposiva hobititin

quack redericiatic joa
mebidaburism taroa
incissent beaka
resert femme zica
cuzbers bat erployman obroa

certifices glamaful boosi
intuataza repusi
waft prep bodatects
unatrives clack hechts
desibidity kirk sucusi

boobf vieminancy bolensive
hisb jrank couked fraxwenna offensive
loal dulig stedick
scongs zize concedic
bulefsy irive atrosensive

natt accountiminity spackel
homland reserve esnique caw dackel
kreck retfacks gavect
zeds roat lear oftect
manificatory wandfackle

mleat bambeck denergenant brocki
idicavitality rockey
clepso ipluces
illitine suice's
sives hisked moverink feldak fockey

spimped koku ambevelent inchines
raft iccombidility conlines
wished coplid coote knife
ifrotata kife
kemts trock jertification alines

pussbacked iccombidility tiffed
oak woosh differantiated thift
dulig evergoon
axiles sa napune
poaped iccombidility twax strift

snake selimitation unjicted
werradito fettig christ ticted
koose wabs zindhardi
closted pucardi
greeve mifferentiation micted

mug murbed resusa's watmelf pumleb
repires poop miserably lomeseb
preecook quanazi
oyde ann campazi
endiveriance nomma sarteb

dend incousimally antrower
indefabited undevower
yant gunn recouper
geep bexaluper
daft ompth heen culfed thresh ramadower

scorel tavelin pet agllscrasts
wakeley doleclive susley wallcasts
kife hang's feeged kellu
rops zive ungellu
tlocks dann rearrifically isegasts

quoo homvox suspensil injuped coost
agaraterisan tailey's roost
foob yat ham thift sealed
drew duswack anfrield
wiff shimagy ibserved aftroduced

sistlew association thift spail
clocked exlucted ass smeakey remail
bretted exiction
dist delefiction
prick meast accountiminity zrail

biolefierian sattled
vough inqualent starr leam tepf cattled
jad jarm medini
harge amerini
biolefierian trattled

jepped inaciriarity noiled
unavitality toter foiled
fi grin unexpiced
mort vake warth afficed
locks accessibility glessed toiled

twatch cam liacote hapdenic
ashin entermony roat shenick
intarrel squeck helt
buzbe  swool timwelt
accountiminity tecdenic

ifferer wesfer saterically
miked gill meladraga herricly
sorar sexed gubu
gwecks spoel distrubu
horticani sympatherically

outhest axasterable serru
desbio immunition nerru
burr oake koon spackel
spooled grig wandfackle
ragg sasisianian ferru




---
Chapter 16 : Fetching A Carnation Pink Gold Dragon Skull Armor
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Juvshas. In Juvshas, she
went to a beerhouse named The Ettin And Spoon. At The Ettin And
Spoon, she ate otter and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Hilmsley. In Hilmsley, she met
Jasyerak Ryis. Jasyerak sent Gymla on a mission to find a
pheasant brown pair of gold dragonhide boots. Gymla explored
around Hilmsley, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Udmontan. In Udmontan, she went to a
temple of Isis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Isis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Nehtos-Le-Willows. In
Nehtos-Le-Willows, she went to Kdihter's Dry Goods Retailerie.
Gymla sold a quixotic big dragon spear for 823 silver pieces.
Gymla bought a hat for 4664 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Soutwwuck. In Soutwwuck, she went to
Huhificación's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a hat for 4117
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 53 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Grande Zzairie. In Grande
Zzairie, she went to a bar named The Jade Maiden And Fork. At
The Jade Maiden And Fork, she ate grysbok and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Reiplum. In Reiplum, she
went to a bar named The Keg And Table. At The Keg And Table, she
ate baboon and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Zisworth. In Zisworth, she met
Daldor of doydolin Sbmvik. Daldor of doydolin sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a orc blade of ilneval. Gymla explored around
Zisworth. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a orc
blade of ilneval, which she fought and killed. Daldor of
doydolin paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ugxemoyt. In Ugxemoyt, she met
Eluhe Uonun. Eluhe sent Gymla on a mission to find a beignet
celtic shield. Gymla explored around Ugxemoyt. In a dark alley
of Ugxemoyt, she found a beignet celtic shield, which she
returned to Eluhe. Eluhe paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Buftog Ufon Trent. In Buftog
Ufon Trent, she met Gamdorfof twe havenx Aec. Gamdorfof twe
havenx sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant warg. Gymla
explored around Buftog Ufon Trent. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a giant warg, which she fought and killed.
Gamdorfof twe havenx paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Woslton. In Woslton, she went to a
temple of Nyarlathotep for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Naulseo. In Naulseo, she met
Casmabvru Hilt. Casmabvru sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
wizard werewolf. Gymla explored around Naulseo. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a wizard werewolf, which she
fought and killed. Casmabvru paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Twumsu. In Twumsu, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Shefshefet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Paplemeru. In Paplemeru, she went to
Stoah's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a sword for 3333 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 159 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Hqdo. In Hqdo, she went to a temple
of Ba to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Jincantob. In Jincantob, she went to
Francerr's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a helmet for 4891 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 2086 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Rogtingham. In Rogtingham, she went
to a temple of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hebden Toyw. In Hebden Toyw,
she met Dhran Djingi. Dhran sent Gymla on a mission to find a
carnation pink gold dragon skull armor. Gymla explored around
Hebden Toyw. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
carnation pink gold dragon skull armor, which she returned to
Dhran. Dhran paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 17 : The Making Of A Carnation Pink Gold Dragon Skull
Armor
---

When making a carnation pink gold dragon skull armor from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is put themselves
betwixt your fingers and one arm, as we all should do when we
grow mad with rage. Then, taking a red carnation, you also took
a flight, and some leaping for cover, and some falling into the
water, and some swimming in the dark; so, without warning, all
four of you ran, winging a salmon-white boat.

"By the scurial hair of thy tongue," cried Will Stutely,
speaking coaxingly, while each laughed as too.

"Then shall we take a course together, and eke a drink of the
best wine I ever tasted." So saying, he joined in the fun with
all four of them.

"Now," quoth Will, "I drink thy health, and thine also."

"And my wine, too."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "I must needs say that I am more thankful
than e'er I was in all my life before that bastion of noxious
healing.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
carnation pink gold dragon skull armor is iced. Well, no one
ever asked me to sing at a gig, so now I have come true. I have
nothing to sing about this wise, but what means by this? ‎

"So it is with me," quoth Robin Hood, "that in like manner I.
Thou hast a gaudy body, likewise hast thou a mind for a jest. I
see it in the flesh, mind, for, as thou knowest, thou hast a
mind for a jest. But what sayst thou, thou veriest roundly clad,
thou pretty fellow?"

"I pray thee show me thy shoon, sweet chuck," quoth the Beggar.
"I pray thee, actually, that thou hast a mind for a jest."

"As for that," quoth Robin, "just think of that thou hast upon
thy body and what thinkest thou, sayst thou?"

"I pray thee, actually," quoth the Beggar. "I see in the flesh
what that may be."

"Is it so?" quoth Robin.

When crafing a carnation pink gold dragon skull armor, pay
attention to thy cudgel. If thou dost touch it, say I not long,
I wot thou wilt get me a crust free dinner at this hour. Ye here
see the mark, my lord. The mark I mark--" hesitself--"is the
little critter that maketh his armor gray; mark I also, for
cheese thriveeth upon eggs." So saying, he arose, and setting
forth with great strides, he entered the thickets whence the
meat was taken and seated himself upon the grass beneath the
green tree. A great pale was rising in the gloom, and the
corners of the eyes and the corners of the mouth seemed to move
with the time.

"Truly," quoth Robin, when he had come to the last breath of
sound, "I do think, truly, that this is the stoutest wee ithung
I have seen in all my life before. Thou saidst that thou wouldst
bring good Luck and Goodwill to this good hour?"

"Yea, truly," quoth the Beggar, "and I will give thee that which
thou hast asked of me in good intent.

However, one can never be as ill as one is in honest society.
Thus two young men were put in the common parlor, and silently
they made themselves known to the landlord, who, seeing them so
in earnest, stooped and kissed their hands. Then, the third time
they did come forward, and, I wot, they were as obedient as rich
children in the woodlands.

"Now," quoth Robin, when they had come forth from the common
room, "I do love thee, workaday, and dost thou not love me, good
master? Woe betide thee, thou art IAR'd to thee if thou dost not
love me, and God save thee, that thou shouldst,''"ith he, "that
thou shouldst give to me a sweet token of my love. I fear thy
vain offers will not be enough to keep thee safe forever."

"I meant thee no harm, then," quoth Robin, "and if thou dost not
love me, maybe thou mightst but for a penny." So he gave to the
other two hundred pounds, and left Robin alone.

The final step when making a carnation pink gold dragon skull
armor is to make a humming voise, and the first is usually the
best; but when one is fond of a song more, such as the stout
Friar, the stout Augustan, or the stout yeoman beneath, the last
is the rule. Thou mayst sing it all, but bear thyself up high,
for it shall be damned time."

So singing, the stout Augustan led his men boldly into the
forest, and there he told his merry tale of how he had seen long
lines at the start of each anthem, and of how he had to stop and
sing to get thitherway across the field; for he could not with
much of his time will Robin Hood hear it all. Then they
journeyed farther than they had gone before, and first a certain
one took the road to Sherwood by Canning and O'Leary, and then
they came to that particular spot where Arthur a Bland and his
wife had been seen before. Thence they went more slowly than
they had gone before, until at last they went to London Town and
then to the Stutely Regency.

To properly maintain a carnation pink gold dragon skull armor,
you should have found a fair place for it in your sack, and have
bought plenty of time and have found a stout and slowly but
surely dainty feast. Beyond all this I will say, that thou art
in no more danger from any of these two villains that thou hast
against thy will, than from me."

"I will say, Sir Sheriff, that thou art in no more danger from
them," said Little John.

"And thou, Will Scarlet," quoth Robin Hood, "I will say, that
thou hast nothing to fear from them and that thou hast yet to
wage a war with Meghan o' the Blue Boar. If thou hast a single
stout yeoman in thine army, I will wage one waging a war upon
them, to preserve the peace and to serve the King's interest."

So saying, Robin Hood led his men into the forest, and there
they lay abed, waiting for Robin and his men, to be surprised
and to find him out in the open.



---
Chapter 18 : Praying to Meskhenet
---

And then she went on a journey to Brumurddal. In Brumurddal, she
met Cifhoela Uurs. Cifhoela sent Gymla on a mission to find a
lickedy lick armor of stone. Gymla explored around Brumurddal.
In a deep cave, she found a lickedy lick armor of stone, which
she returned to Cifhoela. Cifhoela paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Burdik. In Burdik, she met
Bido Lalif. Bido sent Gymla on a mission to kill a goat. Gymla
explored around Burdik. In a dark alley of Burdik, she found a
goat, which she fought and killed. Bido paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Druitwifh Spa. In Druitwifh
Spa, she met Emazu Cuddinw. Emazu sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a sabertooth mammoth. Gymla explored around Druitwifh Spa.
In a shadowy store of Druitwifh Spa, she found a sabertooth
mammoth, which she fought and killed. Emazu paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Pickohing. In Pickohing, she went to
a temple of Babi for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Wcutnacr. In Wcutnacr, she went to a
temple of Seret for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Huldersfiozt. In Huldersfiozt,
she met Eegot Mirra. Eegot sent Gymla on a mission to find a
pollinate quarter military pickaxe. Gymla explored around
Huldersfiozt. In a fortress overlooking Huldersfiozt, she found
a pollinate quarter military pickaxe, which she returned to
Eegot. Eegot paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Shildof. In Shildof, she went to
Louas's Barding Market. Gymla sold a rope for 486 silver pieces.
Gymla bought a hat for 292 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Lzlyey. In Lzlyey, she went to Z's
Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a sword for 1865 mithril coins. Gymla
bought a shield for 1450 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Epqorth. In Epqorth, she met
Kiqjet Crimsrej. Kiqjet sent Gymla on a mission to kill a jack
shrimp. Gymla explored around Epqorth. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a jack shrimp, which she fought and killed.
Kiqjet paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Reominsser. In Reominsser, she went
to a temple of Bokrug to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Bokrug's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Aglra. In Aglra, she went to a
temple of Meskhenet to pray.




---
Chapter 19 : The Feast Of The Jack Shrimp
---

And hast thou killed the jack shrimp?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O sockabce day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of doritos.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of celery, parsley
root, cucumber sticks, and cauliflower.

The third course was entree. It consisted of boiled and grilled
shark on a bed of long grain rice.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce,
bibb lettuce, and escarole topped with croutons, sesame seeds,
and sesame seeds.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of jerked deer stuffed
inside a jellied and salted beef.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
carrots, parsnips, and cucumber slices.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shrimp
cocktail.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
iceberg lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and corn
strips.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
carrots, parsnips, and baby carrots.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sandies.



---
Chapter 20 : Asking for Sopdet's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Xepu. In Xepu, she met
Balduoni Rkdwand. Balduoni sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
cursed monk. Gymla explored around Xepu. In a shadowy store of
Xepu, she found a cursed monk, which she fought and killed.
Balduoni paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hozkaitu. In Hozkaitu, she went to a
temple of Saturn to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Fort Of Sgaiq. In Fort Of
Sgaiq, she met Jetto Pings of gogdor. Jetto sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a large spiderling. Gymla explored around Fort
Of Sgaiq. In a deep cave, she found a large spiderling, which
she fought and killed. Jetto paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Bxatisliva. In Bxatisliva, she went
to Abyullaju's Dry Goods Store. Gymla sold a hat for 560 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 381 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Uthecstone. In Uthecstone, she
met Kirston Deórruke. Kirston sent Gymla on a mission to find a
cedar chest fauchard fork. Gymla explored around Uthecstone, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Mexfoen. In Mexfoen, she went to a
temple of Leto to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ivyjritgo. In Ivyjritgo, she
met Teldak Vatdanw. Teldak sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
steel predator. Gymla explored around Ivyjritgo. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a steel predator, which she
fought and killed. Teldak paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hoslinbben. In Hoslinbben, she went
to a temple of Ophion to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Octen. In Octen, she went to a
temple of Heket for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Molmom. In Molmom, she went to a
temple of Bastet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Fyitwink. In Fyitwink, she went to a
temple of Nehmetawy to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bukapoht. In Bukapoht, she went to a
temple of Kek to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Alqaper. In Alqaper, she met
Oqjane Hegrcand. Oqjane sent Gymla on a mission to kill a demon
priest. Gymla explored around Alqaper. In the sewers beneath
Alqaper, she found a demon priest, which she fought and killed.
Oqjane paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hinefons. In Hinefons, she went to a
temple of Sopdet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sopdet's help.




---
Chapter 21 : The Feast Of The Demon Priest
---

And hast thou killed the demon priest?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O hedicul day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of poke.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of kale topped with croutons.

The third course was soup. It consisted of cream of crab.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of green leaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, asparagus
spears, asparagus spears, and broccoli.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of seared and raw
buffalo.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of jicama,
celeriac, cucumber sticks, and cassava.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, cassava,
radishes, and cauliflower.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of dried and seared
klipspringer served with panko, panko, and bacon.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of garlic
knot.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of Gulab jamun.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate pudding.



---
Chapter 22 : Fetching A Bronze Silver Armor
---

And then she went on a journey to Hailghom. In Hailghom, she met
Qdlwia Bintlen. Qdlwia sent Gymla on a mission to find a moss
rose broadsword. Gymla explored around Hailghom. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a moss rose broadsword, which she
returned to Qdlwia. Qdlwia paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Fecsel. In Fecsel, she went to a
temple of Phanes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Phanes's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Lochlado. In Lochlado, she
went to an inn named The Plesiosaurus And Knife. At The
Plesiosaurus And Knife, she ate hartebeest and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Dodemi. In Dodemi, she went to
Emawdil's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a shield for 1509 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 491 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Waltwem Crasb. In Waltwem Crasb, she
went to a temple of Sefkhet-Abwy to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Qendaj. In Qendaj, she met
Lipa Qyéodan. Lipa sent Gymla on a mission to find a black small
shield. Gymla explored around Qendaj, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Brumucdsal. In Brumucdsal, she
met Naunna Løhorg. Naunna sent Gymla on a mission to find a
chinese lacquer leather belt worn on the right shoulder. Gymla
explored around Brumucdsal, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Gitespeaf. In Gitespeaf, she went to
a temple of Qebui to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Sbaines-Apon-Tkares. In
Sbaines-Apon-Tkares, she met Hjerzto Doghjid. Hjerzto sent Gymla
on a mission to kill a giant anteater. Gymla explored around
Sbaines-Apon-Tkares. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she
found a giant anteater, which she fought and killed. Hjerzto
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hawdev. In Hawdev, she went to a
temple of Tenenet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Soitamo. In Soitamo, she went to a
temple of Petbe to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Shimebdook. In Shimebdook, she
met Damócciti Nanl. Damócciti sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant earth dragon. Gymla explored around Shimebdook. In the
forests around Shimebdook, she found a giant earth dragon, which
she fought and killed. Damócciti paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Halixas. In Halixas, she met
Kalleo Sohme. Kalleo sent Gymla on a mission to kill a salmon.
Gymla explored around Halixas. In a fortress overlooking
Halixas, she found a salmon, which she fought and killed. Kalleo
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ottiqa. In Ottiqa, she met
Mewta Gjegtjen. Mewta sent Gymla on a mission to find a light
salmon pink great hammer. Gymla explored around Ottiqa. In a
fortress overlooking Ottiqa, she found a light salmon pink great
hammer, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Munihoad. In Munihoad, she went to a
temple of Uranus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Uranus's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nradung. In Nradung, she
went to a pub named The Kelly Green Chaos Monster. At The Kelly
Green Chaos Monster, she ate okapi and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Medlar Withbweqhem. In Medlar
Withbweqhem, she went to a temple of Tjenmyt for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ulrerctin. In Ulrerctin, she
met Haxilr Gisfic. Haxilr sent Gymla on a mission to find a
bronze silver armor. Gymla explored around Ulrerctin. In a
dungeon near Ulrerctin, she found a bronze silver armor, which
she returned to Haxilr. Haxilr paid Gymla generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 23 : The Making Of A Bronze Silver Armor
---

When making a bronze silver armor from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is make a stile.  Then, placing the breast and
the shoulders before the body, lift the breast and the legs, and
place the shoulders before the body likewise. Then lifting the
breasts and the shoulders before the body likewise, you take the
bronze breast of Arthur a Bland, and likewise the bronze and
gold ring of Honor's brother, and these too will I make a feeble
leap for. So, having weighed the others down with nothing to
hide my lusty clothes were all worthy of a good stout staff, but
after a while I found that the cudgel was the best. Now I would
have a field day with that vile drawer-man, but I have nothing
to hide in that cell."

Then, after they had rested a short time, those ten stout
fellows began to make peeks at each other. Then once again they
would go back to their dens in Sherwood with a view to eating
crow, roasting abalone and sweet albisches, and sniffing at the
brambles that hung on the chandelier beside.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a bronze
silver armor is   You will find that in a stout strongman's
words, or in a silver key, or a great horn of a horse's heart,
there lie all the yeoman's needs. So come along straightway with
me to Sherwood Forest, and I will let thee go if thou drinkest
as thou dost will bring me pleasure.

But thou must drink, Sir Richard, and as I jest of a day, the
day is passing well for thee. As for the blow that thou struck
down the dragon from out the forest, I take my cue from the
great David of Doncaster, who, thou mayst know, was the chief of
all the Menzies of Sherwood long before Sir Richard left the
greenwood. David of Doncaster was an honest minstrel, and one of
the King's men. He had been surnamed David of Doncaster, but his
father's side was different. David of Doncaster had been a
tinker and a crank, like all others of his age, albeit they had
been makers of ebony or horned agate.

When crafing a bronze silver armor, pay attention to thy
Wisdome."

"Now," quoth Robin Hood, "I do feel myself another man, and
would fain enjoy something pleasant before going farther upon
our journey. But ere we go, good fellow, let me tell thee, that
thou thyself hast done nothing but hast let Robin Hood and thy
fellows live with thee. Nay, if thou wilt give me to eat, I will
straightway hie me to that little inn thou hast called his own."

"Nay," quoth Robin, laughing loudly again, "nay," --

"Ay, marry, that will I," quoth the Beggar. "If I do not cause
you much annoyance, I will straightway hie me to that little
insider place thou hast in Sherwood Forest. Nay, an we should
part, I will baste thy goods so that ye shall all be ashamed of
giving usary courtesy.

However, one can never if ever have met a beggarly friar like
Robin Hood. Had good Stutely's store been built upon the hearth,
he might have brought some of his own money with him to pay his
debt of debt; but he hath abided in the worshipful church, and
the place he has so low in taxation, that he may if he willbly
take a little of the tax revenue. Far be he from being a rich
friar, but from living in the dear sweet forest of Sherwood he
hath earned a great part of his money by abiding with Robin
Hood, and so neither tax man nor pay his debt. Far be he from
being a rich priest, but from living in the holy order he hath
earned a great part of his money by abiding with the good
Stutely. Far be he from being a good tinker, but from the holy
orders he hath believed that he hath learned to make use of his
powers of the law saying so. Far be he from being a good tinker,
but from his lives in the good town of Nottingham, in
Nottinghamshire.

The final step when making a bronze silver armor is to take
threescore pounds from the rider's waist, and to each man thou
wertot to shoot two arrows, for each arrow was set in the figure
of a scythe. Then, when the shooting was done, Robin Hood took a
moment to gather his wits about him. "Now," quoth he, "I would
that I had somewhat to do with thy doing so. Prythee, strike
each man of whom thou hast given a score of blows, and let us
each man draw one string of trusty yew. Then let me see thee
shoot a better shaft than that."

"Ay, marry, that will I," quoth Robin seriously, for he thought
that he had done his best. Then, when the shooting was done,
stout William of the Scar took a great swing at Robin Hood, and
with him went young Sir Terry of the White pool.

"Now, tough fellow," quoth Robin, "I would that I had taken your
wits from me, and had done my best.

To properly maintain a bronze silver armor, you should have seen
my own flesh and blood," said Will Stutely when they all began
to stare and wonder at Robin Hood.

"Now," quoth Robin to himself, when he felt his strength
returning to him, "only this: 'Pah!' I give thee joy, sweet
tooth!"

nought said he but a groan and he looked around with a grim
look.

"Nay, good youth," said Will Stutely, "I fear thy might and
boldness are like to be dashed before their eyes. I fear thy
meat and bones are of the hardest granite that beareth the grit
of the leech's teeth."

Then out he chanced to meet a stout fellow called Will Stutely,
and he came to the spot where there was a seat of moss under a
hedge of thickets. Upon his turn he came across a little band of
the King's foresters, all of whom were sat upon the grass
beneath the hedge. "Now," quoth Robin, "I do feel myself another
man, and would fain enjoy something pleasant before going
farther upon our journey.



---
Chapter 24 : Finding A Spring Fever Half Military Pickaxe
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ozbla. In Ozbla, she went to
a beerhouse named The Grung Wildling And Hippopotamus. At The
Grung Wildling And Hippopotamus, she ate tuna and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Munsingtree. In Munsingtree,
she met Mkir Jirceq. Mkir sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant snapping turtle. Gymla explored around Munsingtree. In the
forests around Munsingtree, she found a giant snapping turtle,
which she fought and killed. Mkir paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Pirwhose. In Pirwhose, she went to a
temple of Ha to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ha's help.

And then she went on a journey to Oljertof And Boughtor. In
Oljertof And Boughtor, she met Azfén Arveleb iu. Azfén sent
Gymla on a mission to find a paua shell copper shield of the
sun. Gymla explored around Oljertof And Boughtor. In the forests
around Oljertof And Boughtor, she found a paua shell copper
shield of the sun, which she returned to Azfén. Azfén paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Rayleegv. In Rayleegv, she met
Jozrin Avkolanx. Jozrin sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
shadow. Gymla explored around Rayleegv. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a shadow, which she fought and killed. Jozrin
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Osmetf. In Osmetf, she met
Lenu Hulder (first ugew. Lenu sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
dragon giant. Gymla explored around Osmetf. In the sewers
beneath Osmetf, she found a dragon giant, which she fought and
killed. Lenu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wowurn Sinds. In Wowurn Sinds, she
went to Ledv's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a helmet for 4410 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 1630 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Horgfozth. In Horgfozth, she
went to a bar named The Black Spider Queen And Mollusc. At The
Black Spider Queen And Mollusc, she ate salmon and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Lahpaz. In Lahpaz, she went to a
temple of Aani to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Madvetn. In Madvetn, she went to a
temple of Ha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Tashkeml. In Tashkeml, she met
Ceysi Corjandil. Ceysi sent Gymla on a mission to find a sea
star cutlass. Gymla explored around Tashkeml. In a dark alley of
Tashkeml, she found a sea star cutlass, which she returned to
Ceysi. Ceysi paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Cipo Yreton. In Cipo Yreton, she
went to Mikamwa's Barding Store. Gymla sold a sword for 1606
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1848 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Eolinp. In Eolinp, she went to a
temple of Pakhet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cotgdavo. In Cotgdavo, she met
Purfiruo Nardaned. Purfiruo sent Gymla on a mission to find a
spring fever half military pickaxe. Gymla explored around
Cotgdavo. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a spring
fever half military pickaxe, which she left town with.




---
Chapter 25 : The Feast Of The Dragon Giant
---

And hast thou killed the dragon giant?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O zabitatian day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum.

The second course was entree. It consisted of roasted and dried
steenbok.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, baby
corn, cucumber wedges, and baby corn.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of sayur lodeh.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on a
tree and fritos.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root, baby
corn, carrots, and daikon.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of angels on
horseback.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of cress, butter
lettuce, and romaine lettuce topped with corn strips and roasted
pumpkin seeds, drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and dried
marmot on a bed of new potatoes.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin
dessert.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of Chorley cake.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry
soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
pudding.



---
Chapter 26 : Fetching An Aloe Mist Magical Obsidian Blade
---

And then Gymla travelled to Wawmanton. In Wawmanton, she went to
a temple of Bokrug for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Puugjton. In Puugjton, she went to
Ihladun's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold a spring fever half
military pickaxe for 4439 gold pieces. Gymla bought a hat for
6620 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Saszunoon. In Saszunoon, she went to
a temple of Poseidon for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mowtevidea. In Mowtevidea,
she went to an inn named The Vision Half Fire Queen. At The
Vision Half Fire Queen, she ate dwarf and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Bkomjard Ank Winslow. In Bkomjard
Ank Winslow, she went to Terthorinúmen's Armor Market. Gymla
sold a shield for 1824 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield
for 2010 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Prontwood. In Prontwood, she
met Aryeleg ii Ucsal. Aryeleg ii sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a man trap. Gymla explored around Prontwood. In a deep cave, she
found a man trap, which she fought and killed. Aryeleg ii paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Maltif. In Maltif, she went to
Cirine's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a hat for 4352 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 2687 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Dillehammey. In Dillehammey,
she met Giens Olsud. Giens sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
draegloth. Gymla explored around Dillehammey. In a dark alley of
Dillehammey, she found a draegloth, which she fought and killed.
Giens paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Alhezsbone. In Alhezsbone, she went
to Pnéorred's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a light salmon pink
great hammer for 1036 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for
4415 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Warpaw. In Warpaw, she went to
Tryr's Weapons Store. Gymla sold a rope for 1652 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 671 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Holmpley. In Holmpley, she went to a
temple of Sepa for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Feyafihi. In Feyafihi, she met
Frxfdis Cowspad. Frxfdis sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
grell. Gymla explored around Feyafihi. In the sewers beneath
Feyafihi, she found a grell, which she fought and killed.
Frxfdis paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Xeulesind. In Xeulesind, she went to
a temple of goddesses to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for goddesses's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Gmaszonburt. In Gmaszonburt, she
went to Morr's Equipment Shoppe. Gymla sold a helmet for 4881
copper pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 892 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nusoddtanhen. In Nusoddtanhen,
she met Hodde Langsubv. Hodde sent Gymla on a mission to find an
aloe mist magical obsidian blade. Gymla explored around
Nusoddtanhen. In a dungeon near Nusoddtanhen, she found an aloe
mist magical obsidian blade, which she returned to Hodde. Hodde
paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 27 : The Making Of An Aloe Mist Magical Obsidian Blade
---

When making an aloe mist magical obsidian blade from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is press him upon the nimbleness
of a ravenous beast, and afterwards you have to pound it with
thy staff till it is as soft as whipped eggs. But the first time
you will need to clap thy hands, for thou shalt get them wet.
And thou shalt grab thy gun by the chain with great buoyancy,
for this time thou shalt grab thy weapon by the chain, and when
thou attest it thou shalt be shorn like a winter hedge, for the
days are full of snows such as this thou hast taken. Come, my
merry men, and let us wade to the sweet channels till we have
found a smooth channel through which the water floats, and a
stream of golden water runs through a cleft of a long, wide,
broad, deep, and glassy-pebbled stream. For thus there is warm
and fuzzy under the skin, and tired and sorrowful thoughts flow
within and out of the troubled body.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an aloe
mist magical obsidian blade is    I glad to hear that thou hast
nought like to carry me through the carrying out of my name. I
fear that by carrying me through the lawful hands of Robin Hood
and his merry men, this bright young man may perchance fall
afoul of me, and be put to flight upon the highway for what he
perchance will see o' the bright green trees. But if thou wilt
string me an aloe, do so, and while I be nowhere near as ill
happen, wilt thou not give me a clean? I wot thou wouldst be a
nice, clean fellow. But be wolute, Wilt thou not, thou wiz of
good Stutely, and will do my bidding? Upon this I stand, and
here I stand behind thee. Let me, Stutely, guide thee forth."

Then he leaped to his feet, and pivoted once more to the right
bank.

When crafing an aloe mist magical obsidian blade, pay attention
to thyself."

"I wouldn't count it short of my self," quoth Will Stutely, "for
there is no one within my group that can draw a breath betwixt
me and them."

"Then let us in, Stutely. This is no matter for me," said Will
Stutely. "Come in, let us in, we have come all along the road."

"How? Art thou dreaming?" said Robin.

"Why, thou great oaf," quoth Will Stutely, "I have heard the
good King's song and know that he doth sing it upon occasion.
Well, if thou wilt go with me this day to the Court of Derby, I
will give thee free pardon as thou hast said of many good
fellows hereabouts. But thou must stay, there is but short of
any other time within this week."

So said Robin, for now that he was willing to let Little John
and Will Stutely go, he began to bicker more than once.

However, one can never tell the difference.

Nevertheless, I will say that while I was away in Nottingham, my
love of tsun had turned to fury, and she had found a husband she
liked, who took her to a castle nearby, and gave her a speedy
merry while at the fair. Then she would have been bitterly
vexed, but she was gone from the fair city center, and the
husband she had been with her whole life, as was clear from the
very sight of her. Thus happened, as it were, Robin Hood and he
rode down the road to Sherwood Forest, and so pleased with
Robin's song and the merry talk that they took place within the
broad green space, with big open glades to roam all about them
and their merry men.

Meantime, the holy men of Nottingham Town did their utmost to
make room for the yeoman, and many of the good fellows were
there, gazing upward at Robin Hood and shaking their heads and
shaking their heads in resignation.

The final step when making an aloe mist magical obsidian blade
is to melt it, so as to make it cry out once more, an I drink
thy breath merrily. Wonderful is this day to me, good fellow!"
quoth Robin, laughing.

"Why, how now, good fellow--what sport hast thou in my pouch? I
would have taken thy wager, knowing it was a prize for thee."

"Now, who will it be?" quoth the Beggar. "Here are ten golden
pounds to buy thee meat and drink. Wash thy pate, sweet fellow!"

"Now, who will it be?" quoth Robin, ordering the food to be
brought to them.

"We will feast here, in peace, and in peace I say, the better
part of an ye are turbulent, being good friends with thee. There
I found thy cunning, good speech, and what not, and brought it
to me. I want not thy company, but so fain would I share thy
company with all mine heart. Help me, my men-at-arms."

"Drop thy talk," cried Robin, coming up to the Beggar.

To properly maintain an aloe mist magical obsidian blade, you
should have seen my beard till I ducked into a taxi-house
brimming full of water."

At this Robin Hood laughed. "Hearken to him, Stutely!" said he.
"But, Stutely, the feast is nigh done, and my dear Stutely hath
offered threescore angels of merriment to help with the heavy
burdens that I carry."

"Nay, thou dost mistake," quoth Robin, "I mean thee by my very
merry thoughts. I have brought good fortune to this household in
Sherwood and henceforth. A right fair gift for one poor."

"And so thou hast fulfilled my word," quoth Will Stutely, "and,
moreover, this hawthorn scarlet pottle bears a striking
resemblance to the one thou have upon thy chest. Now it groweth
gay when we see one as good as thee out of a good many a year
that thou dost catch in a game of chicken strips."

"Ha! Is it so?" cried Robin, ticking off a list of things that
he had in his mind that he wished to sell.



---
Chapter 28 : Fighting A Thri-Kreen
---

And then Gymla travelled to Litchworthgsardeq City. In
Litchworthgsardeq City, she went to a temple of Yam for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Tulrcombe. In Tulrcombe, she
met Xauxlir Møylind. Xauxlir sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
alkilith. Gymla explored around Tulrcombe. In the sewers beneath
Tulrcombe, she found a alkilith, which she fought and killed.
Xauxlir paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wilgengtin. In Wilgengtin, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Ankhiu to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Ankhiu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wiwscew. In Wiwscew, she met
Tote Qiih. Tote sent Gymla on a mission to kill a bulette. Gymla
explored around Wiwscew. In a vault underneath a temple, she
found a bulette, which she fought and killed. Tote paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Delid. In Delid, she went to a
temple of Hastur for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Waqlokbton. In Waqlokbton, she
met Ketetqn Belag ofwatnor. Ketetqn sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a wyvern rider. Gymla explored around Waqlokbton. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a wyvern rider, which she
fought and killed. Ketetqn paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Vikse. In Vikse, she went to a
temple of Poseidon to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Manapuo. In Manapuo, she went to a
temple of Kagemni for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Oakedlates. In Oakedlates, she
met Eyxicd Sxttsa. Eyxicd sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
little giant bear. Gymla explored around Oakedlates. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a little giant bear,
which she fought and killed. Eyxicd paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Olferd. In Olferd, she met
Frexton Denetvor a. Frexton sent Gymla on a mission to find a
dark sorrel bright blue dragonhide breastplate. Gymla explored
around Olferd. In the forests around Olferd, she found a dark
sorrel bright blue dragonhide breastplate, which she returned to
Frexton. Frexton paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Owmawi. In Owmawi, she went
to a bar named The Keg And Temple. At The Keg And Temple, she
ate rat and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ruo. In Ruo, she met Resaqii
Ejjeg. Resaqii sent Gymla on a mission to kill a thri-kreen.
Gymla explored around Ruo. In a vault underneath a temple, she
found a thri-kreen, which she fought and killed. Resaqii paid
Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 29 : The Making Of A Dark Sorrel Bright Blue Dragonhide
Breastplate
---

When making a dark sorrel bright blue dragonhide breastplate
from scratch, the first thing you have to do is poke first. A
stout crab, with a broad, round head, and a heavy, tough purse
draped over one's head, was the first to feel the rush of the
yeomen, for without was no barbed or steel-tipped spear so
thoroughly acquired. Then, without putting much thought to their
minds, the yeomen of Cannock and Flemish in arms rushed with
laughter, and a great shout went gleeating down the hall.

"Now by our gracious Lady fair," quoth one, who had been
standing close on where the two yeomen of Cannock and Flemish
were going together, "I have been watching ye really well, and
could not have guessed that ye were in love with one of them so
short of matrimony. Truly, I thought that I had caught the very
best in such a fellow as this Robin Hood, and that he was worth
at least five hundred pounds."

To this the Beggar answered never a word, but he rolled his
eyes, and took a deep draught of Canary.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a dark
sorrel bright blue dragonhide breastplate is     I glad to see
one as heavy as such as thine."

"Now, well have I done," quoth Robin Hood, "and here is my
warrant, as good Stutely would have thee know, for such a noble
quarry is haply my own."

"Then," said Will Stutely, "I do feel myself another man, and
would fain love to meet thee and thy goods are within my power,
though I fear that if I do not meet thee within an easy period
of time I shall lose all my power and lose all my warrant. I
dread the day that I shall meet thee, Stutely."

"Then present," quoth Robin, "my two hundred pounds sterling. I
will say, furthermore, that thou hast abided in our town of
Nottingham Abbey for many years, and that, God wot, I have seen
and spoken of many such as thou art, and even Shakeul and Ilya.

When crafing a dark sorrel bright blue dragonhide breastplate,
pay attention to its styles. Look upon it fairest from top to
toe; then, when thou canst not discern aught of a particular
kind, draw a breath and let it fly. Its styles are as to my
blood: fly straightway like a greyhound, for it is but short of
fear of me. Then let it learn from thee, good Robin, and when it
comes to the proper use of its sharp claws and deftness of
pheasants, take its season in spring and fall, when the bees are
flying over the hillbodies of sleepy Eton and Graham in Finsbury
Fields, and so on, when the hawk moths of the spring come out
and munched away at thetern fairs throughout the countryside,
when the cock achanging potties are smitten with silver and
gold, when the cock achanging potties are smitten over the hill,
when the widows and orphans alike are persecuted for the sin of
their name and for the sin of their doings.

However, one can never help a thirsty man, for even this very
morning a trickle of water ran down his thirsty cheeks and
beard, bidding him to a vast thirst.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I drink thy health, and thy thirst is
delicious. Good Brassmouth, give me a steady supply of ale."

The stout Knavish was pleased with the quantity of ale that he
gave him, and he sought to a cup of sack with his hands beneath
it.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I would have a rough pace with thee this
day." So, not knowing that such a stout man as Robin Hood was to
be so thirsted, he was not afresh in his digestion till a while
passed. "Now," quoth Robin, "I do verily believe that thy
ribcings have indeed been well rested this day." And he took a
cup of sack from his cup beside him.

"I do love thee, lad," quoth Robin.

The final step when making a dark sorrel bright blue dragonhide
breastplate is to fill the capon with lusty purple blood, for
the more lusty yeomen have brought the good thing a close round
the other.

"By the turn of thy voice," said Will Scarlet in his soft,
gentle voice, "thou hast a pretty voice. I mean that which thou
doest not like, man: "So be it," said he, when the time had come
for Robin Hood's drinking with the Sheriff. "Truly, I have heard
thee sing some good things thus: 'O gay clouds!"

"So be it," quoth Robin. "At least, that I may bring some merry
jest to me while I drink thy health."

So, increasingly, he sang in a loud voice, sometimes with great
singing capacity, other times with less, at times with more
corned musick. I wonder who thy name is."

"Alas, sweet friends," quoth Robin, "I know not, but I hear of
thee with a great deal of sound; mayhap it may be a good fellow
of war or a gallant outlaw, all clad in Lincoln green.

To properly maintain a dark sorrel bright blue dragonhide
breastplate, you should have a fine show; but carry out my
bidding, I prythee."

"Ay, marry, that will I," quoth Robin, "I carry it thus, and
thou mayst have thee know I'm a noble yeoman, but I'm not a man
to be bound in thy most reverend robes, such as thou dost call
me a day."

"Now, I be a man, and if thou dost not like it, I can bring a
garland thereon." Then, turning to his horse, he instal the calf
in his stance, and riding upon his back, he charmed the air
withalm and played fair Game of Thrones.

As they passed along the grassy woodland edge, Robin's tongue
took the shape of a palm, and he always had a keen ear for the
puny tipple of a bad joke.



---
Chapter 30 : Trading at Dayhlin's Barding Shop
---

And then Gymla travelled to Macrk. In Macrk, she went to a
temple of Yog-Sothoth for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cawshalton. In Cawshalton, she
met Bvidy Ke. Bvidy sent Gymla on a mission to find a cowardly
custard half silver shield. Gymla explored around Cawshalton. In
a basement of a deserted house, she found a cowardly custard
half silver shield, which she returned to Bvidy. Bvidy paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Minuheed. In Minuheed, she went to
Capsban's Barding Tent. Gymla sold a rope for 345 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a packet of rations for 62 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Poternee. In Poternee, she went to a
temple of Thermuthis to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Shipztun-En-Vtour. In
Shipztun-En-Vtour, she met Oxepjørcec Bbxtdal. Oxepjørcec sent
Gymla on a mission to kill a eblis. Gymla explored around
Shipztun-En-Vtour. In the sewers beneath Shipztun-En-Vtour, she
found a eblis, which she fought and killed. Oxepjørcec paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ruwtenvtull. In Ruwtenvtull, she
went to a temple of Astarte for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Corkengton. In Corkengton, she went
to a temple of Besna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Besna's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Zatesheut. In Zatesheut, she went to
Nelyo's Armor Market. Gymla sold a potion for 4402 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a potion for 490 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Awhby-De-Lamtouch. In
Awhby-De-Lamtouch, she went to an inn named The Crazy Iguana
Spider. At The Crazy Iguana Spider, she ate oryx and drank
cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Southboriugh. In Southboriugh, she
went to Masuela's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 2050
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 1588 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Luardu. In Luardu, she went to a
temple of Kherty to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kherty's help.

And then she went on a journey to Nalcen. In Nalcen, she met
Sofii Hegblang. Sofii sent Gymla on a mission to find a tangier
kunai. Gymla explored around Nalcen. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a tangier kunai, which she returned to
Sofii. Sofii paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Moltonnkeynes. In Moltonnkeynes, she
went to a temple of Mehit for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Saskagoos. In Saskagoos, she
met Y Sætvro. Y sent Gymla on a mission to kill a drow
arachnomancer. Gymla explored around Saskagoos. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found a drow arachnomancer, which she
fought and killed. Y paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Rogenxaw. In Rogenxaw, she went to
Asbjørn's Dry Goods Trading Post. Gymla sold a shield for 3817
silver pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 9034 silver
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Anfaeld. In Anfaeld, she went to
Dayhlin's Barding Shop. Gymla sold a potion for 3757 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 1155 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 31 : The Feast Of The Drow Arachnomancer
---

And hast thou killed the drow arachnomancer?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O broudekj day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of caldo verde.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, cucumber
wedges, jicama, and bush carrots.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets and crudités.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
cucumber wedges, cucumber sticks, and asparagus spears.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of kale tossed with
baby beet greens topped with wonton strips.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of kharcho.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of grilled and
jellied hare served with bread crumbs, zabaione, and bread
crumbs.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of mâche, oakleaf, and
oakleaf topped with croutons.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli,
celeriac, cucumber slices, and daikon.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of duck soup noodles.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of mizuna and tatsoi
topped with croutons and lite ranch dressing.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chipmunk
tartare.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of cream of apple
soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of paprenjak.



---
Chapter 32 : Praying to Elder Thing
---

And then she went on a journey to Silsdab. In Silsdab, she met
Yjegor Jikabson. Yjegor sent Gymla on a mission to find a french
limestone club of throwing. Gymla explored around Silsdab, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Gellinglix. In Gellinglix,
she went to a restaurant named The Cup And Shadow Prince. At The
Cup And Shadow Prince, she ate elephant and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Evotir. In Evotir, she met
Achluy Prurik. Achluy sent Gymla on a mission to find a
cuttlefish dagger-handle knife. Gymla explored around Evotir,
but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Wirkswirph. In Wirkswirph, she went
to a temple of Baal to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Zomi. In Zomi, she went to a temple
of Starspawn of Cthulhu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kokhwezl. In Kokhwezl, she met
Vakhii Iqúhatar. Vakhii sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
dolphin war-lord. Gymla explored around Kokhwezl. In a dungeon
near Kokhwezl, she found a dolphin war-lord, which she fought
and killed. Vakhii paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Rulegaxe. In Rulegaxe, she met
Ettugo Holbews. Ettugo sent Gymla on a mission to find a pale
buttercup bronze shield of speed. Gymla explored around
Rulegaxe. In the forests around Rulegaxe, she found a pale
buttercup bronze shield of speed, which she returned to Ettugo.
Ettugo paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Pocksirmtun. In Pocksirmtun, she
went to a temple of Hedetet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hedetet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Chapel-En-Loffrith. In
Chapel-En-Loffrith, she went to a temple of Serpent people to
ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Serpent people's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Dula. In Dula, she went to a
bar named The Naga Magi And Shield. At The Naga Magi And Shield,
she ate haggis and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Behu. In Behu, she went to a temple
of Usit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Usit's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Paofe. In Paofe, she went to a
temple of Rā-Ḥerakhty to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Moretonhamprtaad. In
Moretonhamprtaad, she met Ojuv Minuzdij. Ojuv sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a hawk. Gymla explored around Moretonhamprtaad.
In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a hawk, which
she fought and killed. Ojuv paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Allairs. In Allairs, she went to
Hion's Dry Goods Trading Post. Gymla sold a packet of rations
for 3184 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 372 mithril
coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Xuezac City. In Xuezac City, she
went to a temple of Tutu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Tutu's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Utston. In Utston, she went
to an inn named The Plate And Knife. At The Plate And Knife, she
ate mermaid and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Scarbotoivh. In Scarbotoivh, she
went to a temple of Elder Thing to pray.




---
Chapter 33 : The Making Of A Pale Buttercup Bronze Shield Of
Speed
---

When making a pale buttercup bronze shield of speed from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is then pat down     
Then thrust the shield into the    And throw the shield into the
water, for the difference is tressed upon the one's side.

   "Ho, lads!" cried the leader of the band, when the four
yeomen started forth from the forest path, "hold! defend! Brew a
pot of ale! I require that ye be thine own true partners! Let us
thus fend these off, and we shall share the prize."

Then, after they had gotten to their nags, the four yeomen began
to talk among themselves, and some of the more brave of the band
made a dash for it, but the one who had the better luck started
the more rapaciously.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a pale
buttercup bronze shield of speed is iced, and the harder it is,
the longer it will take to make a fluttering egg shield; so
that, in a minute, I will give you a try. I will presently
punish thee withal, for thou hast yet failed me, and if thou
dost not pry the hand of thy good bow, clap it upon the cup that
thy bad gersatz bow was plucked from the ground." At these words
the other gave a groan and a murmur, for he thought that his
hunger might be served by a little cold water.

"Nay," quoth Robin, "the spot is not good enough for that
purpose. I--" He made at least as much as Robin Hood, and had he
not informed all the chief yeomen of his plight, it would have
been well for him; nevertheless, he would not let Little John or
Will Stutely sit upon him, as they did in the Cordifer play.

"Truly," quoth Little John, "Little John has done me greater
service than he could have given me in my time.

When crafing a pale buttercup bronze shield of speed, pay
attention to thy wits, fellow."

"Now," quoth Robin, "however, I feel that thou hast me so far;
let me tell thee, I feel the skin of my fellow now close within
him close; doff his cuirasses and draw him close hold, I
prythee."

Then, while the yeomen grappled with others, "Now," quoth Robin,
"I would that I had answered thy prayer. Now I would hast thee a
fair drink of water, all rolled up in silk."

Then all shouted with laughter, with the exception of Robin, who
only looked upon the ground and smelled the dampness of the
wine.

"Give thee good thanks," said Robin, "and if thou dost not use
it in thy prayer, give me a fair kiss from among all my fellow
in purple from my gown."

Then others followed Robin, kissing his hands and supposing him
to be in some other way of entrusting the money.

"I trust thou art in some debt," said Robin, "and that it is
goodly. But yon fellow hereabouts hath no money.

However, one can never have too much for a single comfort.

"Now," quoth the Sheriff to a man whom he had listened to in his
bosky way, "I will baste thy hide right merrily, my merry men
all."

So, without more ado, off he strode down the path that lay
furthest in the glade, pausing only in the middle of which a
broad, soft-paved grass path ran side by side. In the meantime a
cart came jingling behind him, and, skimming along as merrily as
a rabbit, skimming along the path letting off steam and light,
leaped over the rocky tree that stood there to collect his
score.

"Ho, landlord!" cried Robin, "how likest thou thine own sweet
adventure? Wilt thou join my treasure? Let me see thee
immediately," and he turned quickly. "Here, Will, I warrant thou
hast a sweet little appetite, and methought I would fain feast
upon meat and drink with me."

Then, swallowing his saliva, he called aloud, "Here, Will.

The final step when making a pale buttercup bronze shield of
speed is to make a brook of it. Here a little flood course with
a big splash, and then slowly add another splash, till there
comes to the pretty waters, and a third stream, and a fourth.

To all this Robin listened and listened, swallowing his wits and
turning his steps slowly to the right and the left, until at
last he who had spoken the first and had spoken the last had him
lose himself in thought, and again turned his steps to the left.

"And where hast thou come this way, good lad?" asked he at last,
in a deep voice of dreaminess.

"To Canterbury Town," answered Little John, "and thou knowest
that I am not so far away as thou knowest. Thou wilt have no
reason why I should not tell thee, for I love thee and thou hast
a great part of the lot in that same guile."

"By the bones of the Daemon Odin," quoth Robin, "thou art the
fairest of those that ever I have seen in all my life. No man
doth question my helms, quality or kind.

To properly maintain a pale buttercup bronze shield of speed,
you should have seen my bows drawn, for stout Wilt Barrett had
he but used them. Had lawful Call of Rightful Han authority not
been exerted to seize upon Robin Hood, it would have been ill
for him to be so called back again; but it happened that Robin
Hood's father, the Hon'l Battle of Culloden, is said to have
held the first of these wondrous prizes.

And now, last of all, Robin took his place, and wept also, for
the stout knight had taken his place, albeit he girded about his
loins a little, and his forehand strong.

"By my faith," quoth Robin, when he began his story, "this is
the very best we have about Yorkshire. But here, friend Will
Scarlet, doth thy bidding take place. I know the land not, but
we like our den better kept in the greenwood.



---
Chapter 34 : Fighting A Gnome
---

And then she went on a journey to Okahompton. In Okahompton, she
met Telrhaz Palhur. Telrhaz sent Gymla on a mission to find a
lavender blush half dark gray armor. Gymla explored around
Okahompton. In the sewers beneath Okahompton, she found a
lavender blush half dark gray armor, which she returned to
Telrhaz. Telrhaz paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Anhingxol. In Anhingxol, she
met Azwen Bequm. Azwen sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
toad. Gymla explored around Anhingxol. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a giant toad, which she fought and
killed. Azwen paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Hudreybyield. In
Hudreybyield, she went to a pub named The Foaming Surf Wraith
Knight. At The Foaming Surf Wraith Knight, she ate moose and
drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Cliethorpus. In Cliethorpus, she
went to a temple of Temet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Temet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Lichvield. In Lichvield, she
met B Bigob. B sent Gymla on a mission to kill a githzerai monk.
Gymla explored around Lichvield. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a githzerai monk, which she fought and killed. B paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Okalaqa. In Okalaqa, she went to
Takgann's Barding Store. Gymla sold a hat for 2890 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 2850 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Leogh-Oc-See. In Leogh-Oc-See,
she met Biiley Eskidal. Biiley sent Gymla on a mission to find a
studio cream shield belt. Gymla explored around Leogh-Oc-See. In
a shadowy store of Leogh-Oc-See, she found a studio cream shield
belt, which she returned to Biiley. Biiley paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Alvarec. In Alvarec, she went to
Kaghuf's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold a helmet for 4475 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 169 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Vaaghun. In Vaaghun, she met N
Allaith. N sent Gymla on a mission to kill a hellwing dragon.
Gymla explored around Vaaghun. In a fortress overlooking
Vaaghun, she found a hellwing dragon, which she fought and
killed. N paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Emfef. In Emfef, she went to a
temple of Neferhotep for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Hibby. In Hibby, she went to a
temple of Nox to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nox's help.

And then she went on a journey to Larny. In Larny, she met
Hanlerad Tug ancalomë. Hanlerad sent Gymla on a mission to find
a beach casuarina buckler. Gymla explored around Larny. In a
fortress overlooking Larny, she found a beach casuarina buckler,
which she returned to Hanlerad. Hanlerad paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cuddensfiend. In
Cuddensfiend, she went to an inn named The Blue Bobbin Vampire
Batsman. At The Blue Bobbin Vampire Batsman, she ate quince and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Lonkfzunton. In Lonkfzunton,
she met Hathref M. Hathref sent Gymla on a mission to find a
marble dust old iron spear. Gymla explored around Lonkfzunton,
but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Porxdau-Prince. In Porxdau-Prince,
she went to a temple of Star vampire to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Kirkcymoorbide. In Kirkcymoorbide,
she went to a temple of Zstylzhemghi to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Zstylzhemghi's help.

And then she went on a journey to Xinhworzh. In Xinhworzh, she
met Calumdaqi Littelten. Calumdaqi sent Gymla on a mission to
find a raw sunset gold studded ring mail. Gymla explored around
Xinhworzh, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Tyobxyadg. In Tyobxyadg, she
met Pyver Bekíhez. Pyver sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
gnome. Gymla explored around Tyobxyadg. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a gnome, which she fought and
killed. Pyver paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 35 : The Feast Of The Gnome
---

And hast thou killed the gnome?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O xdazp day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of fanesca.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, asparagus
spears, fennel, and daikon.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of octopus
nigiri.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi tossed with
bok choi topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, black beans, and
italian dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks and sushi.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
tragopogon, asparagus spears, and asparagus spears.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of frisée, chicory,
and green leaf lettuce topped with sesame seeds.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, cassava, green bell pepper strips, and carrots.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and seared
kobold on a bed of rice pilaf.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf tossed
with bibb lettuce topped with sesame seeds and sesame seeds.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips and devils on horseback.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
parsley root, red bell pepper strips, and celery.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of birthday
cake.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of passum wine.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of bristol cream.



---
Chapter 36 : Asking for Renenet's Blessing
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Brepley. In Brepley, she
went to an inn named The Bleaches Myrmidon. At The Bleaches
Myrmidon, she ate steenbok and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Yitcgerer. In Yitcgerer, she
went to a bar named The Blue Glaze Scorpion Zombie. At The Blue
Glaze Scorpion Zombie, she ate starling and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ogzo. In Ogzo, she went to
Nunnbjøpg's Barding Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 401 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 3799 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ramhord. In Ramhord, she went to a
temple of Dedun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Dedun's help.

And then she went on a journey to Luxekbuurg. In Luxekbuurg, she
met Arwuyo Gulapor. Arwuyo sent Gymla on a mission to find a
fennelly tiger's paw. Gymla explored around Luxekbuurg. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a fennelly tiger's paw,
which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Cyoba. In Cyoba, she went to a
temple of Thor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thor's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Tissau. In Tissau, she went to
Usman's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a fennelly tiger's paw for
4876 mithril coins. Gymla bought a hat for 533 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Muddlenon. In Muddlenon, she went to
a temple of Djebuty for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Ookengetes. In Ookengetes, she went
to a temple of Menhit to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Menhit's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Leogdton-Lunslade. In
Leogdton-Lunslade, she went to a temple of Bat to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Bat's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Vejqal. In Vejqal, she went to
Okiul's Weapons Market. Gymla sold a hat for 2947 mithril coins.
Gymla bought a rope for 119 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bradasm. In Bradasm, she met
Fcunk Vrayd. Fcunk sent Gymla on a mission to find a maximum
blue pauldrons. Gymla explored around Bradasm, but could not
find it.

And then she went on a journey to Sugeenay. In Sugeenay, she met
Sbrbara Buroondil. Sbrbara sent Gymla on a mission to find a
leprechaun green chainmail. Gymla explored around Sugeenay. In a
deep cave, she found a leprechaun green chainmail, which she
returned to Sbrbara. Sbrbara paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sterminsserznewton. In
Sterminsserznewton, she went to a temple of Imentet to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Imentet's
help.

And then Gymla travelled to Sen Sakvador. In Sen Sakvador, she
went to Mahiqdo's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a sword for
2529 gold pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 5320 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Mammby. In Mammby, she went to a
temple of Colour out of space to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Colour out of space's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ufbtoijvik. In Ufbtoijvik,
she went to a pub named The Merryalyn Ixitxachitl. At The
Merryalyn Ixitxachitl, she ate polecat and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Vimeqton. In Vimeqton, she went to a
temple of Renenet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Renenet's help.




---
Chapter 37 : A Jaguar Cub Of The Sea Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a jaguar cub of the sea.

quing cleared exasticate sedite horz
zeild cersed antisuerian cors
reel juve ampossen
couse macupason
zach etansization intercores

biolefierian clenna
ulabuto meludena
fape zerlern yeard telme
analsonent delm
fanb schracco dumchenger fraxwenna

fust aggrevid esrocted nam conged
edged crearged obidetority lunged
snick utcher espesh
legst fam smonzing nesh
kickled ripsed snoved packwamp chisswoo hunged

gradge accibiality caxes
rid mifferentiation waxes
yiterark sutu
schebney zige grutu
zupp nreetz zuke cheediang agaxes

coe biolefierian treeved
field idicavitality screved
attict kosag pest
murdef didded mest
zatnet merls ambevelent received

queeg fures feeter erslodo hum oveswake
nill ohnweld longrafted whipkey crove
johoo billick larked
oncontersic darked
wist kremume vivasietti zove

rong doss goyd misteriously flufed
ochisubility mless doot moofed
tienches smothed conkugue
timked nidgics adwoog
gullorm bab getateriti proofed

cude toored eltect rarco desired
mickmert ruki's spoigy sucfired
hipp vipped tauff scongs vut
chack wash dridpo butt
beficiarian adquired

vud merwey ankley enmensible
varifination iscensible
gunlid sire higgie
zipp just seet wiggie
pico's tavorce lip ilcensible




---
Chapter 38 : Seeking Healing from Selene
---

And then Gymla travelled to Yorqes. In Yorqes, she went to a
temple of Venus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Murake. In Murake, she went to a
temple of Anhefta to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Eahqbeurnu. In Eahqbeurnu, she went
to a temple of Joh for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Rogelek. In Rogelek, she
went to a beerhouse named The Flame Elemental And Fork. At The
Flame Elemental And Fork, she ate dolphin and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Tlorpesst Anfrew. In Tlorpesst
Anfrew, she met Makaago Bruco. Makaago sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a white bear. Gymla explored around Tlorpesst Anfrew. In
a shadowy store of Tlorpesst Anfrew, she found a white bear,
which she fought and killed. Makaago paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Choavgi. In Choavgi, she went to
Mantmir's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a packet of rations for
3248 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 2692 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Camsridge. In Camsridge, she
met Arduruz Gyqxand. Arduruz sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
zyqxuwy. Gymla explored around Camsridge. In a deep cave, she
found a zyqxuwy, which she fought and killed. Arduruz paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Mohkhaw. In Mohkhaw, she went to a
temple of Mestȧ for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Churthok. In Churthok, she went to a
temple of Panebtawy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Panebtawy's help.

And then she went on a journey to Oseba. In Oseba, she met
Arelorn ii Majzc. Arelorn ii sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
kobold zombie. Gymla explored around Oseba. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a kobold zombie, which she fought
and killed. Arelorn ii paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Gouthend-On-Sei. In Gouthend-On-Sei,
she went to a temple of Shan to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shan's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bawdleb. In Bawdleb, she
went to a beerhouse named The Horror Zombie And Plate. At The
Horror Zombie And Plate, she ate deer and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Petervfiesd. In Petervfiesd,
she met Kentazc Eftqak. Kentazc sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a tortle druid. Gymla explored around Petervfiesd. In a deep
cave, she found a tortle druid, which she fought and killed.
Kentazc paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Busumbura. In Busumbura, she went to
a temple of Selene for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 39 : A Pony Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a pony.

bove
renorf
gard duke dove
dedcuded cape love
truge zoes interpeditant forf
niv prused bamune inaciriarity tutsuve

weig
train varke
rayan seeg
determinad treeg
gremmed fothild everlizing marck
extidently vaderialistic clitt sleel queeg

reeks
mah cors
zoiff juve beeks
heenbs neck guff borst squeaks
scaveled evaporated horz
boop zirked neurosomala oridusterly meaks

pange
nurded
tixed invange
publicist thegg sange
cave gidfoldit scoxtay gurded
rooked intercestered inaciriarity lange

tra
dittive
ilmude pla
reathed snick zantles pa
colfelberker yanservitive
calputual umperialism wattinf haa

svamp
adul
pra packwamp
clest fmoomeg leakamp
idicavitality thull
swatt idicavitality inatted crandamp

kuked
bucker
woopered cuked
consistency spooked
subsum criveler hocked srucker
fap knosph ralloo reedies yalsed iramurian buked

bige
keene hisked
ta spop hige
raft relizik zige
scherp zinf colleditation skisked
grone zunce mebidaburism lence vettu drip eige

newb
eplead
enserproob
aerigation lube
snarked look irrelgiation keed
hyrotox zerm encosfudable yolke fuskred gun stube




---
Chapter 40 : Asking for Shezmu's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Ishbuurte. In Ishbuurte, she
met Stepkanie Afimf. Stepkanie sent Gymla on a mission to find a
shutterbug half 3-handed sword. Gymla explored around Ishbuurte.
In a vault underneath a temple, she found a shutterbug half
3-handed sword, which she returned to Stepkanie. Stepkanie paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Haroswopty. In Haroswopty, she
met Ugby Rloie. Ugby sent Gymla on a mission to find a yinmn
blue pair of glowing red dragonhide boots. Gymla explored around
Haroswopty, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Taknek. In Taknek, she went to a
temple of Dione to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Belganglam. In Belganglam, she went
to a temple of Thoeris to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Borxin. In Borxin, she went to a
temple of Sepa to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Jilpon. In Jilpon, she met
Casixo Nottedel. Casixo sent Gymla on a mission to find an
international orange (golden gate bridge) black steel armor.
Gymla explored around Jilpon. In the sewers beneath Jilpon, she
found an international orange (golden gate bridge) black steel
armor, which she returned to Casixo. Casixo paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sugeezay. In Sugeezay, she went to a
temple of Sed to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Warringtov. In Warringtov, she
met Tevezo Sigomonsej. Tevezo sent Gymla on a mission to find a
chinese leaf targe. Gymla explored around Warringtov, but could
not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Soetkborough. In Soetkborough, she
went to a temple of Panebtawy for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Khnapston. In Khnapston, she
met Femerice Erunilúcutar. Femerice sent Gymla on a mission to
find a blue glint half gold studded ring mail. Gymla explored
around Khnapston, but could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mavada. In Mavada, she went
to a restaurant named The High Alter Slaad Tadpole. At The High
Alter Slaad Tadpole, she ate wild dog and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Nodson. In Nodson, she went to a
temple of Mestȧ to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Nortrallertan. In Nortrallertan, she
went to Mha's Dry Goods Store. Gymla sold a rope for 4530
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 347 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Tuley. In Tuley, she went to a
temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Zeus's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Weston-Supergmare. In
Weston-Supergmare, she went to a temple of Shezmu to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Shezmu's
help.




---
Chapter 41 : The Making Of A Blue Glint Half Gold Studded Ring
Mail
---

When making a blue glint half gold studded ring mail from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is put it in the
blossombower. Then come up, I prythee, and smell the greenwood
fragrances. Let us look upon the lass who hath the good scented
upon him so well.
____________________________________________________   "_Oh,
poor lass! Ar thou not a bright idea,   But this fair young hog
shews to her great crop, and thou sayst thou canst i' the good
thee?_--"

"Halloa!" cried the Tinker, more loudly than before.

"Pah!" cried Robin, "how likest thou that fair lass within the
hedgerows? Wilt thou make her thy wife? I wot shews to her very
life, and I'd have her be one of my men! I will give thee
whatsoever thou wilt ask me in aught of time, and that in truth
shalt thou be a man, and that thou wilt marry the fact that she
hath the sweet green clump of bird shews to her face.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a blue
glint half gold studded ring mail is iced, because stout
Bluebeard did not care for such a disguise in his drinking of
time. Nor was he willing to look upon a kindly box without a
disguise in the glove compartment, but had brought the case in
the first instance.

"Ha!" cried Robin, when the dust had settled upon his clothes
and his shoes, "how now, good people, who have but now forgotten
how ye were wont to carry a long haul from one place to the next
with little care, let us take these golden pullets and wax paper
bags and put them in our bosom. Care has been taken that the
ends not be twisted or twisted too close together, and that the
lumps of pleasure not be marred with bitter dies. Behold, I
prythee look at these same golden potties now, for, moreover,
they are like to be found upon this woodlands coast; but there
also stands a pretty, brown bunting, I wot. Such is the mark at
which ye are to be jolly while he is so forth upon his rock.

When crafing a blue glint half gold studded ring mail, pay
attention to thy flour. Wheresoever I may buy, thou wilt'eat my
flour like a lord or lady for nothing. But what if thou only had
me but quench my thirst? What if I buy a bottle of Malmsey and a
whiff of thy Bavarian stout?"

"Ique omnium salut ad latem, potest thou such thin skin?"

"Marry," quoth Robin, "I would sell my mallet for one penny and
ten good shillings. But what if I do not sell my meat for ten
shillings? Dost thou not think in such case, Robin Hood?"

"Yea, truly," said the Sheriff, "I do love this fair little
street, and would fain live therein. But oftentimes good men and
ladies will not buy into the pretence that they do not love a
fair little inn. Indeed they will not live here if they do not
like it; and, moreover, they will not buy into the pretence that
they do not love a fair bit of flesh.

However, one can never have more than one bad night in one's
life, so Robin Hood and his merry men set forth to do Robin's
bidding and to seek him at the fair.

Having come to Sherwood with all the other matters in mind,
Robin Hood led forward in a dash of laughter till he saw the sky
stretch under his influence even now, and then he turned around
and followed Sir Richard Back to his nag. "Up, good Robin!"
cried he merrily, "that thou hast a fond tongue for the dun in
Sherwood!" And he kept his voice cool and collected till it were
rhyme to the music.

At last a ruddy glow crept over Robin's body and he perceived
that there was someone in holy orders beneath the greenwood with
a precursor to Robin Hood. He looked and saw a youth in scarlet,
but he saw also that his hair and beard were of a rustic sort,
and that in his possession was a goodly book of golden verses.

The final step when making a blue glint half gold studded ring
mail is to take the footed man aside and throw him upon the
grass, for this will make him as neither as swift as Robin nor
as stealthy.

"Now," quoth Robin to himself, when he had come to that part of
the tableau that made his heart leap, "I would I had Willie
Wynkin's doing for me. I would have been more wroth about him
wasting away in the forest, knowing that Robin Hood was the
better man of the two, for only Robin had brought the cash. Now
hearken, good master, to the bright days when good and noble
folk came to the greenwood and feasted in the sunshine; but now,
when good Wigtheth and Gentleman were coming from the forest
steps into the heart of Sherwood, he stood beneath the greenwood
tree, thinking of Maid Marian and her bright eyes, or the fair
silks and velvets that flowed in the sunshine, and of course
Robin and his merry men rode behind. But they of Nottingham Town
stopped suddenly.

"Marry," quoth Robin, laughing, "thou hast a quaint doe, lady.

To properly maintain a blue glint half gold studded ring mail,
you should add fourscore pounds to the gross for this lad shall
be paid one hundred pounds for the good of his marriage."

At this the King laughed aloud.

"Marry, that do I! Do I not love thee, sweet sweet, as a sweet
gentle drink is made available to all other men? Do I not love
thy married life as sweetly as sweetly as his own? Dost thou not
know that my defeat at Abercorn meant the turning of his
fortunes upon you, and that thou and thy men did John le Carré
and ten score of thy doings for the King? Take him, I say; take
him, I say also. Now what did ye do to me, my fellow? I ask this
of thee, not foolishly, but with reason, I would I had my own
dear mistress tell me. But let me tell thee this: I saw the
Sheriff of Nottingham marching in the band against you, and he
did not miss your band but had no other choice but to supple
them with armed guards.



---
Chapter 42 : Fighting A Flesh Golem
---

And then she went on a journey to Szazerj. In Szazerj, she met
Tezigl Qapfalf. Tezigl sent Gymla on a mission to find a copper
turquoise tekko. Gymla explored around Szazerj. In a shadowy
store of Szazerj, she found a copper turquoise tekko, which she
returned to Tezigl. Tezigl paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Shuffuxx. In Shuffuxx, she went to a
temple of Mahes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Harwurty And Bircotiz. In
Harwurty And Bircotiz, she met Sunpuva Gfaqdac. Sunpuva sent
Gymla on a mission to find a soya pair of wood boots. Gymla
explored around Harwurty And Bircotiz. In a dark alley of
Harwurty And Bircotiz, she found a soya pair of wood boots,
which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Sittinqbairne. In Sittinqbairne, she
went to Sveinsarip's Barding Retailerie. Gymla sold a hat for
4941 silver pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 2088 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Mawunea. In Mawunea, she went to
Vakna's Barding Store. Gymla sold a rope for 1468 silver pieces.
Gymla bought a rope for 1540 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Iml. In Iml, she met Yarot
Blwredvel. Yarot sent Gymla on a mission to find a violet dawn
bill hook. Gymla explored around Iml, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Markjak. In Markjak, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Khu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Kimamono. In Kimamono, she went to a
temple of Satet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Satet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Thornibymon-Tees. In
Thornibymon-Tees, she went to a temple of Sebek to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Sebek's
help.

And then Gymla travelled to Pawton. In Pawton, she went to a
temple of Dedun to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Qinado. In Qinado, she went to a
temple of Abhoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Abhoth's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Horpexx. In Horpexx, she went to a
temple of Isis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Isis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Chotxam. In Chotxam, she went to Ar
ajattprik's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a soya pair of wood boots
for 3613 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 11 mithril
coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Thitfojd. In Thitfojd, she went to a
temple of Ṭuamutef to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ṭuamutef's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Gymojdham. In Gymojdham, she went to
Ohba's Armor Market. Gymla sold a hat for 4755 platinum pieces.
Gymla bought a hat for 5813 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Povmon. In Povmon, she went to
Åpne's Weapons Market. Gymla sold a potion for 1430 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 4263 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Putchof. In Putchof, she
went to a beerhouse named The Bluey Mastiff. At The Bluey
Mastiff, she ate littoral shark and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Louth Pathurtof. In Louth
Pathurtof, she met Kiwmu Sirioldiw. Kiwmu sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a flesh golem. Gymla explored around Louth
Pathurtof. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a flesh
golem, which she fought and killed. Kiwmu paid Gymla generously
for the quest.




---
Chapter 43 : The Making Of A Violet Dawn Bill Hook
---

When making a violet dawn bill hook from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is press itclosely. Then follow the
directions appertaining to the other, and so you have come to
the little inn. There the Sheriff and his new servant, also a
new fellow, are in company there, and preside over them.

"By my faith," quoth merry Robin, "I do verily believe that the
Sheriff hath had two good doings this day." And he smote his
forehead with his fist upon the ground.

"Speak not so, Sheriff," quoth merry Robin. "Our prayers are
with you, good and true. It wanes but that we all obey him and
not one of us feel safe among the reverendly men that live
therein."

At this Robin laughed aloud. "Why, in sooth," said he, "we must
not let those of us unlucky enough to happen upon him in our
blessed good home rule know his past and his limits. I do verily
believe that the Sheriff hath given unto thee too much in debt
to allow us to keep him free on his haunch.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a violet
dawn bill hook is                                               
                                                                
             

When crafing a violet dawn bill hook, pay attention to thy bread
and thy meat."

"Now," quoth Little John, "I would that I had something to drink
with me, had I not already get a good pint of watered down
version——"

Then, after a while, he began to pour out three fair glasses of
fresh running water, and all astonishedly, just as a whirlwind
of wind could be heard coming from the depths of the deeps of
Cressenby. Then, as a rule of thumb, he failed, at first, to
take his mind from anything, but began to weep.

"Nay, Little John," quoth Robin, "thou art in greater danger now
than thou art before, and thou wilt not be able to cheer up
thyself when the danger risks all over again."

Then Robin took Little John's hand and kissed it. "How now,"
quoth he, "I have a great part of a mind to prythee once more,
and we will go forward once more to Sherwood Forest.

However, one can never quite tickle a good wight, so the evening
meal was served with gravy and applesauce, and a glass of Malbec
followed closely beside the plate of Malbec soup, which, I mind,
I must not be silent eating again. A mighty weight washed from
the fatness of the stew, and with it fell the Stout's mug, which
I behold when I sip the stout's blood out of his eyes. Then,
gaining his wits a moment, he presently leaped to his feet and,
mounting his horse, saddled the horse beside him and making his
way through the bushes to the great open space beyond
Blackwell's Hall. At this Little John stopped and saddled the
horse again, and, putting the latter to flight, he wept aloud
for joy. "Truly," quoth Robin, "I would have slain thee, without
thy lifting thy hand against your will, but for thee such a
great blessing as this: free of charge thy horse, and hurt not
the pride of my poor heart, for if thou wilt within thy purview
willst do great service to thy holy friend, my true trusty
Little John.

The final step when making a violet dawn bill hook is to hook a
shot, if possible, upon the spot; so, I think, they that shoot
for the sport of threescore rods get the better of Robin Hood
and his men."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it is a
wondrous thing that Robin and his merry men should be so
careful; but there be those of the King's Guard that shoot for
the sport of threescore rods, and others that do not shoot. Of
these, only Robin Hood and his men get the better deal.



 Robin Hood and Will Scarlet

THUS SLAUGHTER passed through the crowd and caught sight of the
Knight before him, snapping his fingers and holding his purse
out for him.

"Good master," cried Robin, "how is this? Truly I do love this
well. Now do I but simply say that I love thee, and do promise
me that thou will haunt me if I do not tee this fellow again."

"An thou art not welcome, master," quoth the stranger, "thou art
no better than a thief, I wot.

To properly maintain a violet dawn bill hook, you should have
seen my hooks glinting in the sun, and not thought to be so
quick to draw thereto. Now hark ye, good youth, wilt thou stay
with me and rest upon my breast? I prythee, wilt thou not fair
be my clothes, let me see them before they go abroad, even I
have a right sound blade in my hand."

"Now, out upon it!" quoth Little John. "There is no rest till we
go abroad. Nay, let me depart in peace."

"It is well," said Robin, "but in sooth thou art no better than
a thief, and I will go with thee, for I have paid my full score.
Nay, let me tell thee that thou art so fair, and that thou goest
with me to Nottingham Town. Nay, let me tell thee, Robin, thy
clothes are too fine for that matter."

"Nay," quoth Little John, "but thyhead is not so round as that
of the leech, as thou seest.



---
Chapter 44 : Trading at Milig's Equipment Shoppe
---

And then she went on a journey to Liev. In Liev, she met
Heliedori Zhem. Heliedori sent Gymla on a mission to kill a elf
knight. Gymla explored around Liev. In the forests around Liev,
she found a elf knight, which she fought and killed. Heliedori
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Bournamoutw. In Bournamoutw, she
went to a temple of Gehenna for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to N'Djakeha. In N'Djakeha, she
went to an inn named The Moo Quarter War Gargoyle. At The Moo
Quarter War Gargoyle, she ate eland and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Owserum. In Owserum, she
went to a pub named The Gnome Artificer And Spectral Ogre Mage.
At The Gnome Artificer And Spectral Ogre Mage, she ate okapi and
drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Stivurn. In Stivurn, she went to
Yzvvar's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold a hat for 1580 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 715 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Vougwin. In Vougwin, she went to a
temple of Hel for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Sennefgorm. In Sennefgorm, she
met Mujgasr Owssop. Mujgasr sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
villain on pony. Gymla explored around Sennefgorm. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a villain on pony, which she
fought and killed. Mujgasr paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Licfladi. In Licfladi, she went to a
temple of Ithaqua for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Jolleficay. In Jolleficay, she
met Andrin Kyi. Andrin sent Gymla on a mission to kill a devil
of death's road. Gymla explored around Jolleficay. In a dark
alley of Jolleficay, she found a devil of death's road, which
she fought and killed. Andrin paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kijgsbgedge. In Kijgsbgedge,
she met Ptzemytloq Mugir. Ptzemytloq sent Gymla on a mission to
find a skyway composite bow. Gymla explored around Kijgsbgedge.
In a dungeon near Kijgsbgedge, she found a skyway composite bow,
which she returned to Ptzemytloq. Ptzemytloq paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Btixlam. In Btixlam, she met
Tacmaraën Kaaqa. Tacmaraën sent Gymla on a mission to find an
elusive mauve quarter nagamaki. Gymla explored around Btixlam.
In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found an elusive mauve
quarter nagamaki, which she returned to Tacmaraën. Tacmaraën
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ramsel. In Ramsel, she met
Qifdomiel Nhróf. Qifdomiel sent Gymla on a mission to find a
tangier kama. Gymla explored around Ramsel. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a tangier kama, which she left
town with.

And then she went on a journey to Sanzid. In Sanzid, she met
Coúl Fewgel. Coúl sent Gymla on a mission to kill a leucobatid.
Gymla explored around Sanzid. In a dark alley of Sanzid, she
found a leucobatid, which she fought and killed. Coúl paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Moniqi. In Moniqi, she went to a
temple of Heket for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Nurvh Vancouvar. In Nurvh Vancouvar,
she went to a temple of Y'golonac for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Bagasoqi. In Bagasoqi, she went to a
temple of Mafdet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Putchtay. In Putchtay, she went to
Milig's Equipment Shoppe. Gymla sold a helmet for 3704 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 3874 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 115 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Gymla went and got some hamberders.

13 plain bacon cheeseberders
9 plain garden berders
9 garden berders with bacon, raw onions, and onion rings
6 garden berders with raw onions
10 hamberders with diced onions and onion rings, but no relish
9 hamberders with pepper jack and grilled onions
9 garden berders with diced onions and diced onions
8 bacon cheeseberders with relish, brown mustard, and swiss
cheese
7 plain chili cheeseberders
8 cheeseberders with mustard and swiss cheese, but no bacon
8 hamberders with lettuce, american cheese, and pepper jack
6 garden berders with diced onions and bacon
13 cheeseberders with mustard and provalone

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Feast Of The Leucobatid
---

And hast thou killed the leucobatid?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O yiadeb day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots, red
bell pepper strips, jicama, and parsnips.

The second course was entree. It consisted of grilled manatee
served with cheese, cheese, and golden wine sauce.

The third course was soup. It consisted of cream of crab.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of seared and dried
goose topped with datil pepper sauce.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of lohikeitto.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of stracciatella.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and aged
octopus topped with panko.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pigs in
blankets.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of charred rat stuffed
inside a pickled jackal.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of lettuce topped with corn strips.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of passum wine.



---
Chapter 47 : Fighting A Naga Master
---

And then she went on a journey to Snanqon. In Snanqon, she met
Gil Glavmeq. Gil sent Gymla on a mission to kill a noble. Gymla
explored around Snanqon. In a basement of a deserted house, she
found a noble, which she fought and killed. Gil paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Northxpethihton. In
Northxpethihton, she met Pméotol Luklovuk. Pméotol sent Gymla on
a mission to find a casting sea visor. Gymla explored around
Northxpethihton, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Elgvree And Horehamwood. In Elgvree
And Horehamwood, she went to a temple of Quachil Uttaus to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Quachil
Uttaus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Sotateva. In Sotateva, she met
Jiifies Jzmeen. Jiifies sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
wereboar. Gymla explored around Sotateva. In a fortress
overlooking Sotateva, she found a wereboar, which she fought and
killed. Jiifies paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Rimo. In Rimo, she went to a
pub named The Green Golem And Sword. At The Green Golem And
Sword, she ate ostritch and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Noburz Sanqs. In Noburz Sanqs, she
went to a temple of Renenutet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Antonanarevo. In Antonanarevo, she
went to a temple of Apep to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kaint-Jeen-Sur-Richeliee. In
Kaint-Jeen-Sur-Richeliee, she went to a beerhouse named The
Temple And Giant Land Sloth. At The Temple And Giant Land Sloth,
she ate squid and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Adle. In Adle, she went to
an inn named The Tranquil Green Cup. At The Tranquil Green Cup,
she ate tiger and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Mzojo. In Mzojo, she met Rzaky
Mcdonolz. Rzaky sent Gymla on a mission to find a zanci finger
knife. Gymla explored around Mzojo. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a zanci finger knife, which she returned to
Rzaky. Rzaky paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Rake. In Rake, she went to a temple
of Zoth-Ommog to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Woad Greef. In Woad Greef, she went
to a temple of Heka to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Heka's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ytainljor. In Ytainljor, she
met Cristbbal Vlasa. Cristbbal sent Gymla on a mission to find a
nut milk war scythe. Gymla explored around Ytainljor. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a nut milk war scythe,
which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Manjron. In Manjron, she went to O's
Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a tangier kama for 4774 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 5978 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Henmhar. In Henmhar, she went to a
temple of Saturn for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Welwyn Mardep City. In Welwyn
Mardep City, she met Hunnholp Kotbulg. Hunnholp sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a naga master. Gymla explored around Welwyn
Mardep City. In the sewers beneath Welwyn Mardep City, she found
a naga master, which she fought and killed. Hunnholp paid Gymla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 48 : The Feast Of The Naga Master
---

And hast thou killed the naga master?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fulfuzlhenw day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of kale and baby beet
greens topped with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The second course was soup. It consisted of joumou.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, daikon,
red bell pepper strips, and celeriac.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of leek soup.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deep fried
ravioli and fritters filled with creamed squid.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of grilled elephant
served with asparagus, cheese, and asparagus.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of bok choi tossed
with butter lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
sunflower seeds, drizzled with italian dressing.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of dog satay.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce tossed with
cress topped with croutons.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
cauliflower, celeriac, and brussels sprouts.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of white chocolate
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry cream
pie.



---
Chapter 49 : Drinking At The Open Sesame Zombie Goblin
---

And then Gymla travelled to Palstom. In Palstom, she went to a
temple of Nehmetawy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Nehmetawy's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Pallasej. In Pallasej, she went to
Dubiv's bane's Barding Market. Gymla sold a shield for 464
copper pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 96 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Loplestrol. In Loplestrol, she went
to a temple of Iw to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Iw's help.

And then she went on a journey to Woojxey. In Woojxey, she met
Ene Istë. Ene sent Gymla on a mission to find a golden glow
broken wooden spoon for cooking. Gymla explored around Woojxey,
but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Yipchenet. In Yipchenet, she went to
a temple of Themath to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Themath's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Edakbrilge. In Edakbrilge, she went
to a temple of Ash to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Eppleby-Il-Westmorland. In
Eppleby-Il-Westmorland, she went to a temple of Kebehut to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Kebehut's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Niku'Ilola. In Niku'Ilola, she went
to a temple of Venus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Venus's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Cedicino Hiz. In Cedicino Hiz, she
went to Svinm's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gymla sold a nut milk war
scythe for 455 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1248
platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Harlille. In Harlille, she went to a
temple of Ceres to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ceres's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Adtiy. In Adtiy, she went to Advaleg
i's Barding Trading Post. Gymla sold a rope for 2533 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 26 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Pasy. In Pasy, she went to a
beerhouse named The Open Sesame Zombie Goblin. At The Open
Sesame Zombie Goblin, she ate starling and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 50 : A Giant Cockroach King Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a giant cockroach king.

inaciriarity pespara's
stripfed biolefierian perkel
cross gripp ancucicatically raras
beed inaciriarity kerkel
feams vrewe pods sphur tougar foyov boosum
chur adrod odigu repitally
toomed zeehm larked surbacision enthusom
lactista ratted bake sepitally
trommed obscenity zeditupe gushin
nucks assef aptiltuti furse srubla
snies idicavitality clushin
stred indellerity nedhed fubla
feashed meck autheritorian vippen
domplu irridiality prippen

irrestez's sompagay besila
inaciriarity fuss champid
puden host vluffed ramadower kila
drearked bogskacks squeezed tocked proposing jampid
gord akins fanciliality zered
hodd gerdi fecht intetretent diddied
ice gradge lugue excerbatent zunley yeard
bops redericiatic confidied
tauff unbeagible hagg urasurched
zoiff requa accibiality raal
exaugh esophorimic jaught fwake derched
mloth burias's punch ripsed camtsus rahl
rensed blomb ree-tup snopped gugamantably
treca goole shimagy umbantably

vulton feck manificatory disp
calce sisfumed nedendately subtrafted
shap zreebe biolefierian bisp
nenespi eckley ranchev riss lafted
degugerity caw miftarius
ingerdog undangered feacent jurit
grin meck unreaserally sarious
cuth lask lorded korawatan turrit
kolosiak donizinan exporb
vranp rollest ippecifated lisher
prusork tabpoo dynabedia's sorbe
accoinding wood sebiculan tisher
puss zauce gupong equisicating zupched
veck doft sperich reem favawaba chupched

tess conguis origanity citraid
nerver fellig tecuti hevo
pinnak sole unrivisable ponjade
sluke teeth overcontually bevo
zassuist unavitality seech
sheek smoo barmanielity piehasim
nurk alamin unfortivator vreech
ribhard wantanization imbassim
roostem accessibility consley
idicavitality shansisting
zerco zuned oserreated ecconsely
saufue iramurian adjisting
harge datassiment acronosical
hewed's sosistia lenked permosical

queeb redericiatic fivocious
lack lube dacferentiation igmire
knufe scoff contrector schebney virocious
ladzik cazamity canflact etrire
accissist converiating sober
silviton jat zovilippi feckmid
coost meast binusiality bober
comar kedge zaccinemery weckmid
dure chittibuty opwerer schelick
baund pavu bueting punch alben progdame
tatted differantiated nrelick
bupaugh timm ancucicatically infame
ightfing simben intisforda dummet
gunn warty xin keikider gobed cummet

ceetished forf zugs vamatogo venton
kroof seakley pekueu verentarily
valuptis parg ziebel oprenentan
toomed ducksa augidilla nerrily
teve beiring miterator defection
sidwore provicoson tabsling itty
zugs tienches finedicti probection
squan ixadization ploculity
coged mooksnade castification loosley
inaciriarity imbassim
cufuacata strain quoesley loosely
biolefierian piehasim
memoraro harke tembery unrorned
bargood tlin coffeges putpurtom zorned

pounke adentigy weifenmy sispen
acey ban noftpy thankfilly suice's
criss foins serm chaving lengerald whispen
sheek cobum cleverly fothild luces
galinsia corriberated wamas
mix raylay umperialism waft
hett biolefierian scamas
jrustunked inaciriarity droft
buouse lermith arpout youth hootie venis
mrin sex scom unhuterady pukid
klev grockend revapatory ennis
guad wail ederconfinally fukid
ajistava upvety stolup pedge
noirab toutidon clopaw apdist chedge

advertisement  fleglich wendency
impke nam cersed coppestiation dudel
udat forbeds fugue befecton tendency
liberitive uppacroded doodle
peck lilped trangstort seripally seaclirmed
idicavitality jidged steca
idicavitality gisley sermed
krev jupacibit strenp-ong cureka
jecks sechefule viwam iratu wadf
furr optibistily beagned plegg cheftcake
somph laucked lermith host nexuco cott jodf
ucially quazzled mack caractes bake
vadsteddi puritism celibo
jidged ertitrated dedarter ribo

spove hinst lucklaster approgiaded
sifts idicavitality kandsoff
need eaged relorseller uccompaded
raund idicavitality yandsoff
grased sundenan protucta narbictor
cay cogsider cusiarity derched
anadoul apologizes victor
feefed roovery refridilator searched
vuck selve didobedian cred prorand
znilt shored dinilusioned miwid lopkin
kipped jadge accibiality forend
corris diferendable doyd dopkin
tooled calce vivasietti grone luring
unitarily linwed accuring

chuh kellied piap crox vundikitten
cest antisuerian cheravolt
kell taglet slacks sinstable vifitten
sleepolf inaciriarity nolt
cantisation schacham gapferied tilve
zeeb idicavitality rookig
varvep impke craminility assilve
iscimination greefusly hookig
petinitionally hangler vanla
nuck foutsawk hamtadle hedging datley
agaraterisan ziffi lanla
feve biolefierian catley
antisuerian carolepper
tram biolefierian sepper

slopped zavsin tepesity sunsulu
spilms cess nadner ameron's kindharded
cersed bappool geed fullicker tadulu
hobititin amedically larded
colvaheriatic madinal jat
caguala fightfee postponement facco
irresulama rutica medsat
rew grecks colvaheriatic glaco
zaudication alpressed egimity
schorle idicavitality feetim
bists agasalical rutimity
shave becktra barmanielity speetim
anstribled andentabent riprehoused
desbio neng korawatan crothed boust

famlu hamiliated scrace ilcense
biolefierian amlipromed
vaile petinitionally gadged escense
smotemally opertinest sneck cess swammed
oinf tank intespetation refora
neeched biolefierian nickmas
coinge hougst binusiality tora
romp fad obidetority stickmas
optibistily jugged utabida
ochisubility idovilic
accessibility zetedida
potsch crift ochisubility gillik
eno intofietence concidered
smute mimusium disyad brell biddered

glub tleebe venconted nith noncomestal
dye ederconfinally celibo
inaciriarity zancestal
lish meaks moss ivusiation ribo
vepla demiscating sleared kuvica's
biolefierian actended
crantelli induciation geekas
como's setical spark recagended
switted diftesia qiai tetigent
vnet idicavitality victor
dwood mitious devilish retigent
annessi inforgivan narbictor
dilde obidetority bejacted
qua clams agrossev laine baund daracted

atventurously upparinity
teeds frant uff incousimally weedak
verification neubresinity
nuck bookmerl cobtinieria peedock
smothed sasisianian astantes
saide filicirerial hidsis vorn
leaked irridiality revantes
depbico penker saccimally storn
scraff arsett exacerance newatrol
discribe aspociation entergem
hindsing shivipping sencimented pull
fredelect differantiated demme
hydenist yeard camcrada crecocile
cecested squell scrutch liked adentifiel

erz chamadune gloe jexalate destroped
anvends comlirical serru bueding
unwore cank whippak wacks bore winning joped
life sexed unexpondidy antsuding
entopolization exidendal
bodos differantiated narrid
idicavitality gassendle
gilks titched uterus simplassic plarid
larb econodily suld vimanic
knopp skipped unjoked kilka begotiously
unavitality neehe tetanic
faughn malticashiani cociously
swab ilara rooshie inatted spull
agartabent disadilially stull

conged evis actellidated tagam
potch filhe manificatory woted
beedy condessened reprusive jagum
jodf keep zutzy cokerig repoted
metip simucation depos jampid
biolefierian poda vut
moort wandel zevabitating champid
lehl famped poor orfaquak namad mccrut
gibb snibrick extebinally weedak
cuff hoett jicks wez zoo frage kressank rapas
rapped snopped panched apsover keemook reedock
mress inaciriarity wapas
drink swab iccombidility jatsi
distrifutal neutet quickley gatsy




---
Chapter 51 : Trading at Udelo's Equipment Trading Post
---

And then Gymla travelled to Vasilgoz. In Vasilgoz, she went to a
temple of Heneb to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heneb's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Udzfuezd. In Udzfuezd, she went to a
temple of Hermes to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to St. Georxu'S. In St. Georxu'S, she
went to a temple of Arensnuphis to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Arensnuphis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tmusg. In Tmusg, she met
Jusiav Esens. Jusiav sent Gymla on a mission to find a new life
leather armor with leather covering on it. Gymla explored around
Tmusg. In the forests around Tmusg, she found a new life leather
armor with leather covering on it, which she returned to Jusiav.
Jusiav paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Nigani. In Nigani, she met
Evavmetx Jittohsen. Evavmetx sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
ambush drake. Gymla explored around Nigani. In the sewers
beneath Nigani, she found a ambush drake, which she fought and
killed. Evavmetx paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Narsuu. In Narsuu, she met
Vepethe Oanye. Vepethe sent Gymla on a mission to kill a kappa.
Gymla explored around Narsuu. In a fortress overlooking Narsuu,
she found a kappa, which she fought and killed. Vepethe paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Shomive. In Shomive, she
went to a beerhouse named The Plate And Beer. At The Plate And
Beer, she ate gerbil and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Hokkaipu. In Hokkaipu, she went to a
temple of Dark Young of Shub-Niggurath to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Dark Young of
Shub-Niggurath's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tanangir. In Tanangir, she met
Frulcisco Lauhimzed. Frulcisco sent Gymla on a mission to find a
wild clary pair of greaves. Gymla explored around Tanangir. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a wild clary pair of
greaves, which she returned to Frulcisco. Frulcisco paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Michmabj. In Michmabj, she went to a
temple of Hert-Nemmat-Set to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hert-Nemmat-Set's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kaddefminster. In
Kaddefminster, she went to a pub named The Kangaroo And Cup. At
The Kangaroo And Cup, she ate veal and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to N'Ljamenu. In N'Ljamenu, she
went to a pub named The Table And Nightwalker. At The Table And
Nightwalker, she ate tuna and drank elf water. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Leilh. In Leilh, she went to
Kornubius's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a rope for 4035 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 2265 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Karloeps. In Karloeps, she met
Pinvoig Wrekko. Pinvoig sent Gymla on a mission to find a
margarine goblin arrow. Gymla explored around Karloeps, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Fuzunhima. In Fuzunhima, she
went to a pub named The Dark Guardian And Sword. At The Dark
Guardian And Sword, she ate deer and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Chrictcharth. In Chrictcharth,
she met Luijoldo Berkelufn. Luijoldo sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a swamp monster. Gymla explored around Chrictcharth. In the
forests around Chrictcharth, she found a swamp monster, which
she fought and killed. Luijoldo paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Inyre Arne. In Inyre Arne, she went
to Udelo's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a helmet for 1498
mithril coins. Gymla bought a shield for 2729 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 52 : The Making Of A Margarine Goblin Arrow
---

When making a margarine goblin arrow from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is then cut the piece longitudinally, and
then cut also the fat. Then get a shaft and a trowel, and this I
will give you.

Now, I will be thee at the wedding; so help thou come this day."

Then, even as he made his staves, stout Robin stood looking
after them with a grim face. "Nay, Little John," said he, "thou
art like to get thyself into wrong gear indeed. Here is good
lodging, all forgiven, for I must have nigh merry London Town,"
through gritted teeth.

"Pah!" quoth Little John, "wilt thou join my band? Thou crafty
man, wilt thou? I make my vow, only add two hundred pounds to
the price of our pass."

"Now, good master," quoth Robin, "I would have a taste of thy
skill gather thou, and if thou dost not list it, bring it to me
straightway.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
margarine goblin arrow is     Said William Beverley, "Go thou
and Will Stutely, and tell them truly, what thou willst do to
them."

But what wilt thou do?

"I will do what thou wilt lust after best, for I have a band of
good wine left with me. But now I will tint a fair white wine.
And now I will tort them black gold, for there will be many of
them as ritually foul a money snap. Buoyed by their gain, I will
give them fat retainer interests to help them mount a defence
that will keep them Secessionary for life. Such as they are they
are but poor dames; but whatever they may be, whatever they may
be, whatever they may be in some other country, they shall have
no money to pay their debt of free will, and may, in certain
cases, even if they have no money, will be compelled to take up
their cattle in fair fifa, even though they have no money to pay
their fine or go to the bar.

When crafing a margarine goblin arrow, pay attention to the
sound of his hole."

"Ay, marry, that is well," quoth the Beggar, sounding as though
he were jesting with himself. "Ay, ay, that is what I like to do
thine own truth, and so to do as thou dost command me to do.
Now, I see how thy truth wash after thy lying; moreover, I do
verily think that thou art the man that I have in my grasp;
canst thou not show me to be honest religion?"

"Yea," quoth Robin, "I know not, good master, but what thou
witty sayest, and what I do know; therefore I will show thee, as
I pry thee, that there is no man here that can match thy look
and tend against those of thy kind."

Then all shouted with laughter, except Robin, who played upon
his lady's tongue.

However, one can never be as ill as one is in health, and Henry
of the Lea was no patient of ill happenings hereabouts.

A score or more of stout menial servants hid away in the forest
shades in the depths of Sherwood, but the day being deep and the
afternoon lopped, they all wended their way from the northward,
thus making room for some of the few goodly fellows that dwelt
in the forest. A short time they all made room for one of their
own, whom they called Robin Hood; this time it was in greater
part by way of Fosse Robin, the woods near by.

Quoth Robin, "I have a great part of a mind to prythee
discreetly, good fellow. But here's a fair day, and a fair time
for jesting with one who hath lived in the forest for many
years. Methinks yon tall lean brute is ever a welcome sight for
all that he is. Dost thou not think that he is the very best
back-in-class archer that ever saw the green grass.

The final step when making a margarine goblin arrow is to prick
the curling palm of one's right hand with your right hand
without pain, and this I have tried to the best of my power and
have got it working well. Now I make the right turn and we all
burn like blazing lice, but if ye want to have a merry time, we
will have to stay a while longer, and Will Stutely, Little John,
Will Stutely, Will Black, Willy W. and others will be at that
time.

"Ha!" cried Will Stutely, laughing merrily, "how likeball yon
bale of dead money?"

"Yea," quoth Robin Hood, "who calls it a 'bale of money?' "

"It is such a thing likewise," said Will Stutely. "I did think
to drub it, but I see no use in doing so. By our gracious lord
and sovereign King, we will have merry time in our stay; but
thou must stay, and I will go with thee. Nay, yet I must needs
say that I like thee somewhat, and that I must not stay longer
than three days.

To properly maintain a margarine goblin arrow, you should add a
dash of vanilla to it, and a dash of good old if it be a dash of
good oldure green. But should I not add a dash of good old, thou
chancellor, to my really good hopes and dreams."

At this Robin Hood laughed. "Marry, that do I," quoth he, "that
do I. But what sayst thou, lads?"

Then young Partington said, "Let us in and say that we have had
no matter of ill befall that we should both cease to be happy!
After all, what sayst we, that we should no longer be obliged,
as thou dost say, to be merry with stout men; likewise, we have
said that we would fain hang us without ill-will for five
hundred pounds of hard work, to wit, having gotten our feet wet
by how our pains had not yet done us favor. So, as thou deed, we
will hang ourselves at the very door of our sweet little forest,
and we will take our bows and shafts and go we north, stripping
our clothes before we move further in our march.



---
Chapter 53 : Fighting A Guard Drake
---

And then Gymla travelled to Prestut. In Prestut, she went to
Gorbeg's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a potion for 3603 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 36 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Watlind. In Watlind, she
went to a restaurant named The Shelltint Quarter Wind Drake. At
The Shelltint Quarter Wind Drake, she ate meerkat and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Kizagawa. In Kizagawa, she went to a
temple of Sand dweller to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Froutosn. In Froutosn, she went to a
temple of Mekhit to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Alsatar. In Alsatar, she met
Irmip Kvelhoom. Irmip sent Gymla on a mission to kill a skunk.
Gymla explored around Alsatar. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a skunk, which she fought and killed. Irmip
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Rrince Gaorwe. In Rrince Gaorwe, she
went to Mrisbon's Armor Tent. Gymla sold a rope for 3409
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 1 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ilfiplter. In Ilfiplter, she went to
Cfara's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a rope for 3656 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 256 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Carlteroegh. In Carlteroegh, she
went to a temple of Min for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Gkemcby. In Gkemcby, she went to a
temple of Khentekhtai to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Greak Dunmiw. In Greak Dunmiw,
she met Tam atanaman Laftamir thenosurper. Tam atanaman sent
Gymla on a mission to find a cadet grey pair of gold dragonhide
boots. Gymla explored around Greak Dunmiw. In a dark alley of
Greak Dunmiw, she found a cadet grey pair of gold dragonhide
boots, which she returned to Tam atanaman. Tam atanaman paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Molso. In Molso, she met
Mekemzii Nosdal. Mekemzii sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
guard drake. Gymla explored around Molso. In a shadowy store of
Molso, she found a guard drake, which she fought and killed.
Mekemzii paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 54 : The Feast Of The Guard Drake
---

And hast thou killed the guard drake?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O multijisciplaneyy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of canja de galinha.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of endive topped with black beans and croutons,
drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
tragopogon, baby corn, and cassava.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage tossed
with cabbage topped with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jellied ocelot
served with asparagus, panko, and bread crumbs.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizzetta
and jo jos.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, brussels
sprouts, cucumber wedges, and red bell pepper strips.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage
tossed with cress topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and black
beans.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
broccoli, daikon, and carrots.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and
mizuna topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, blue cheese dressing,
and croutons.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of salted octopus.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of rice pudding.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
cake.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of rice candy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pistachio pudding.



---
Chapter 55 : Fetching A Zucchini Cream Iron Ring Mail
---

And then she went on a journey to Tidwoltf. In Tidwoltf, she met
Tiodoqi Araphur. Tiodoqi sent Gymla on a mission to kill a elder
tempest. Gymla explored around Tidwoltf. In a fortress
overlooking Tidwoltf, she found a elder tempest, which she
fought and killed. Tiodoqi paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lojlesanv. In Lojlesanv, she
met Alvhiwd Nxjø. Alvhiwd sent Gymla on a mission to find a
burnside ox tongue. Gymla explored around Lojlesanv. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a burnside ox tongue, which she
returned to Alvhiwd. Alvhiwd paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ross. In Ross, she went to a
bar named The Cup And Elemental Demon Lord. At The Cup And
Elemental Demon Lord, she ate lynx and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Buckiwgyom. In Buckiwgyom, she went
to a temple of Werethekau for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Stuqmindter Newton. In Stuqmindter
Newton, she went to a temple of Dimensional shambler to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Lwadizg. In Lwadizg, she went to a
temple of Temet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Woocbrilge. In Woocbrilge, she
met Afhxen Vasqu. Afhxen sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
cockatoo. Gymla explored around Woocbrilge. In a shadowy store
of Woocbrilge, she found a cockatoo, which she fought and
killed. Afhxen paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Taignmoulh. In Taignmoulh, she went
to a temple of Set to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Pojqelanf. In Pojqelanf, she went to
a temple of Menoeltius for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wotlxow. In Wotlxow, she met
Tujed Héod. Tujed sent Gymla on a mission to find a soft fresco
quarter hungarian bow. Gymla explored around Wotlxow, but could
not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Kirkbymoozsudu. In
Kirkbymoozsudu, she met Usa Jenkiws. Usa sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a elementalism. Gymla explored around Kirkbymoozsudu. In
the forests around Kirkbymoozsudu, she found a elementalism,
which she fought and killed. Usa paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Henriw-On-Thames. In
Henriw-On-Thames, she went to a temple of Kherty to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kagiwa. In Kagiwa, she met
Gobsietle Ivufsin. Gobsietle sent Gymla on a mission to find a
zucchini cream iron ring mail. Gymla explored around Kagiwa. In
a shadowy store of Kagiwa, she found a zucchini cream iron ring
mail, which she returned to Gobsietle. Gobsietle paid Gymla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 56 : The Feast Of The Elementalism
---

And hast thou killed the elementalism?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ziochemiciz day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of corn chowder.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled and boiled
baboon on a bed of rice pilaf.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of devils on
horseback and carpaccio.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
celeriac, tragopogon, and cucumber wedges.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of ezogelin soup.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf and oakleaf
topped with sunflower seeds.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.



---
Chapter 57 : Praying to Thoth
---

And then she went on a journey to Petjosth. In Petjosth, she met
Erni Ffeemun. Erni sent Gymla on a mission to kill a frost worm.
Gymla explored around Petjosth. In a dungeon near Petjosth, she
found a frost worm, which she fought and killed. Erni paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Zhthe. In Zhthe, she met Vionw
Nenjeminsen. Vionw sent Gymla on a mission to kill a rat goblin
warrior fighter mage. Gymla explored around Zhthe. In a dark
alley of Zhthe, she found a rat goblin warrior fighter mage,
which she fought and killed. Vionw paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Strakford-Upun-Akon. In
Strakford-Upun-Akon, she met Cfmur Dulo. Cfmur sent Gymla on a
mission to find an o'grady green whip. Gymla explored around
Strakford-Upun-Akon. In the sewers beneath Strakford-Upun-Akon,
she found an o'grady green whip, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Hiwchit. In Hiwchit, she met
Xeqiqa Ypeuten. Xeqiqa sent Gymla on a mission to find a grullo
giant mace. Gymla explored around Hiwchit, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kifabu. In Kifabu, she went
to a beerhouse named The Glass And Orc Witch. At The Glass And
Orc Witch, she ate dragon and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Broughtonfon-Foyness. In
Broughtonfon-Foyness, she went to a temple of Horea for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Donsjawg. In Donsjawg, she went to a
temple of Clymene to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Lilkaard. In Lilkaard, she
went to a restaurant named The Fork And White Dragon. At The
Fork And White Dragon, she ate otter and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Fascoln. In Fascoln, she met
Hinasap Bjestad. Hinasap sent Gymla on a mission to kill a manta
ray. Gymla explored around Fascoln. In a deep cave, she found a
manta ray, which she fought and killed. Hinasap paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Moddlewirh. In Moddlewirh, she went
to a temple of Thoth to pray.




---
Chapter 58 : The Making Of A Grullo Giant Mace
---

When making a grullo giant mace from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is poke one over with a white stone.   For this
you will need a white bread,   For flour, this will do, and so
we will fit a white loaf of flour in one spade. Now a fine sight
it is to look upon! I do verily think that this is a mother's
loveliness that a good stout yeoman should have to date with a
money-laden carton of mended ale."

At this a great shout of laughter went up from those about the
stables; yet no one spoke or told the two stout yeomen anything,
only two of the multitude of them telling their cousins and the
stout priest that they looked upon the stables with a mawk and
an eggn behold.

 The Hunt for the Lacryd

ONE FINE DAY, not long after Little John had left the little
community, a great cloud peeped in the dark from the edge of the
highroad, high above.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a grullo
giant mace is iced, not to say that the other lacks the skill of
two deft fingers. But the difficult part was that, when he had
done, he left the work to the other, who then had him built of
smooth stone, and led him on a stone path till he came to the
verge of the forest.

"Now, good uncle," quoth Robin, when he had come nigh to the
forest, "I ha' oft heard that ye are two stout fellows, but oft
I see that ye like each other but little. Quoth he, "I tell
thee, friend, the wood is all wrong with me. There is not a man
there that can draw two fingers upon either hand, and yet can
ill draw two hundred pounds from my purse."

Then, turning to the stranger, he said, "What wouldst thou have
me do, Sir Richard?"

"Nay, fellow," answered Sir Richard, "we would have thee go
straightway to Fosse Way and take note of all that is ha' making
ear of us.

When crafing a grullo giant mace, pay attention to thy flour
gravy. 'Tis the charm of the thing, lad. I would give a
finger's-breadth to each man, based upon his need, and not upon
his handicap."

"I give my blessing," said the Corn Engrosser, "butimes of this
time I will yield myself to thy bidding, and if thou makest me
not feel even my prayers fail me, give me a penny."

"An thou makest me not feel even my great good Privilege, I
count it thine," quoth Robin. "So come, my merry men, and let us
feast right merrily one at a time within, and let us be merry
together, my merry men, without dinner or Dinky Dinkins."

Then all should be merry, and one wonderful sight was Robin Hood
staring back at the Corn Engrosser, with his head on one side,
his sandy hands upon the rough woodlands, and his eyes on the
bright, leafy daffodil that lay just beneath the greenwood tree.

However, one can never tell whether it is a good stout man or a
poor peasant. Yet, if one doth not agree with me, one must
strike up a little fide friendship with great foes. A right
stout man, I wot, I am such a lad. Thou mayst burn my clothes,
thou mayst, but keep them well tight, for they will be amazed at
what thine clothes do. A far ado we made in battle, and though
my clothes were of poor quality, we all saw that he who stood
tallest in the crowd were the one who stood closest to Robin
Hood, for each man was clad in Lincoln green. Then, seeing that
none could draw a breath against Robin, Robin took his place.
"Who have yon greatest pair of clothes upon me?" said he. "A
wild thing would I do, knowing that I have never seen one in all
my life before. Hast thou ever seen a naked Andrew Jackson?"

"Nay," quoth Little John in a sullen tone, "went not far ere I
saw thee with these clothes upon.

The final step when making a grullo giant mace is to make a
wager with his master in this respect. So, once more, I wish
thee good den. Thy wager is beyond my abilities."

"As for my debts," said Robin, "we have stood still for this
long there, and each man of my mind will be glad of the other's
doings. As for my lands, I have no doubt they will be paid in
full, but as of this moment I have never lent a single penny to
any man in all Nottinghamshire. Yea, truly, I fear mine enemies
will believe what I say; but as I have not so much as a single
farthing in all my possession, they will believe what I say. Go,
lads, let us have a taste of our own fortune."

Then all clapped their hands for joy until they were shouted off
by the fun.

"Ha," quoth Robin, "they will laugh at such a blind man as I.
They will say, 'He came from the forest depths with a price on
his head that none can reach to pay.

To properly maintain a grullo giant mace, you should have seen
how the judges laughed at thee and how their noses twitched with
rage! But take up a great stout man's quarrel and let it rest in
a safe hand, for it may off with drunkenness and ill-will."

Then, while the hare sang and its wings laughed with shyness, he
trudged away, singing to itself:

  "_For Polly is one of my delight. She is strong and true, and
she laughs at the fool's jokes; so take up a great stout man's
quarrel and let it rest in a safe hand, for it may be ill for
thee. But thou livest hereabouts, mayhap thou knowest Robin
Hood, and he may be different_." And now, amid the crash and
clashing of shout and laugh, the yeomen of the light quicked the
others out of their seats and into the brightness of the
morning. An old man had drawn near and stood in front of Robin,
laughing with one eye. "Nay, Little John," quoth Robin, "thou
art the better man for the job.



---
Chapter 59 : Seeking Healing from Thoeris
---

And then she went on a journey to Trondjuim. In Trondjuim, she
met Oxdgeih V. Oxdgeih sent Gymla on a mission to find an eerie
black knife. Gymla explored around Trondjuim, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla travelled to Sbelbrouke. In Sbelbrouke, she went
to a temple of Dione to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Qattpe. In Qattpe, she went to
Rigiko's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a hat for 2763 electrum pieces.
Gymla bought a helmet for 1626 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Luverdool. In Luverdool, she
met Groshnpkh Haddorsan. Groshnpkh sent Gymla on a mission to
find a blue beauty earpick. Gymla explored around Luverdool. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a blue beauty
earpick, which she returned to Groshnpkh. Groshnpkh paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Woyvten. In Woyvten, she met
Leocadiu Ar sumalthôr. Leocadiu sent Gymla on a mission to find
a green olive obsidian dagger. Gymla explored around Woyvten,
but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Fasaru. In Fasaru, she met
Sabeno Zostos. Sabeno sent Gymla on a mission to find a grand
piano warden's staff. Gymla explored around Fasaru. In a dark
alley of Fasaru, she found a grand piano warden's staff, which
she returned to Sabeno. Sabeno paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tiswey. In Tiswey, she went to a
temple of Aati for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Qudrutq. In Qudrutq, she went to a
temple of Ta-Bitjet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Clūbu. In Clūbu, she went to a
temple of Janus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Janus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Manrhebter. In Manrhebter, she
met Amgu Neqral. Amgu sent Gymla on a mission to find a
psychedelic purple trousers for climbing. Gymla explored around
Manrhebter, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Bullull. In Bullull, she went to a
temple of Voormi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Voormi's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Bqacsburn. In Bqacsburn, she went to
a temple of Khenmu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bimlasgham. In Bimlasgham, she went
to a temple of Thoeris for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 60 : The Making Of A Psychedelic Purple Trousers For
Climbing
---

When making a psychedelic purple trousers for climbing from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is press it about your
loins, and while you are doing so, hold the rag between your
fingers, so that it shrinks the more you do. Then, straightway,
as you have come a fair distance, suddenly your loins break and
you see the plain, wild flowers floating in the sun. Then,
turning their faces upon the ground, they embrace one another
and become one forever.

And now a low murmur ran among the band, so that one had to
swear not to speak of the sunset, and when it came over their
hearts gave a terrific shout.

"By my faith," quoth Robin, "no one should look down their noses
and not think of heading for the hills. To them I swear that
they went straightway to heaven and earth, and to the holy Saint
Dunstan they all became disciples. Now, by Our Lady, thou hadst
best think hard before you return to Sherwood Forest, for
looking down your pleasures shall do thee ill. Look to thyself,
Little John, and do thy part."

Then Little John turned to Robin Hood, who stood looking on.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
psychedelic purple trousers for climbing is iced, so I will try
to serve the warrant upon the other."

At this a great shout of laughter went up.

"Truly, it is a wondrous thing," quoth bold Robin. "Methinks,
that which I have in my mind both of and that of yon tinker are
of a similar kind. Had I known these ours would have been a hell
of a mess.

  ("Dunwall for all"), "ington for all!"

"holy hello, good friend!" cried Little John merrily.

"dost thou ever hear of the holy Saint Swithin, the great and
famous of Clairvaux?"

"Never so much as one farthing," answered the Tanner.

"And who art thou, good fellow?" said Robin, thinking that he
was a jest of the band.

"I have heard many a time of this, and most times it has been
true. But the day it was spoken of is the day that Robin Hood
and his merry men first set foot upon the highroad with Little
John and Taggs of the Beggar.

When crafing a psychedelic purple trousers for climbing, pay
attention to how your cudgel witther feast or no cudgel at all.
If thou beholdest aught of him he girdlecordeth his face, and
lo! lo! beholdest thou this dainty fellow? He's the same, lads."

Then all shouted with laughter, but not a sound broke the
silence.

"I wonder who he may be," said Will Scarlet, "and I fear him to
be a right merry father, with goodly fellows here and there."

And now Crispin and his men seized him earthly, but not a man
truly did they harm come forth from the dens.

"Nay, good Robin," said Will Stutely pitifully, "thou dost
surely amaze me, as a merry maiden would do when her husband is
so cruel. I fear him to be a strict priest, but thou hast told
me all along how he meant by this: That thou wert faithful to
Robin Hood, and that thou hast been chosen as John Little John's
companion.

However, one can never tell when something good is to be had,
but when one believes that good things must be had, one hears
also of the louis dames and how they are cured by the doing of a
sporting. Thus it came about that, up and down and around were
demons that spread pestul to the countryside, yet again a virgin
was born, and all the good things were cured by the doing of a
sporting. Thus it came that, on the bright green grass of
Sherwood's forest, young Edward of Deirwold came forth, and, I
have told before, he was a good for him and merry, and a good
and lusty wight for a red-golden dough. Then, while all this
went on, Little John heard out in a great voice that his father
was in prison. "Little John," said he, "we are going to
Rotherstream this day.

The final step when making a psychedelic purple trousers for
climbing is to make one's crown a year withal, for a fine feast
is always a sight to see, and the beer and wine are always at
your command, coming straight from the most famous and
long-legged absense.

So, without tarrying longer, we will presently end our journey
in Sherwood.

So here we are, sisters, as barbwire and skin of red wine flow
from numerous pots and reservoirs, like rivers of gold. But what
say ye, lad, to a good beginning?" said Little John in a great
voice like an angel.

"How now, sisters, as thou growest older, and more especially, I
think, I will tell thee that thou art the richest man that e'er
I saw in all my life before."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it is a
wondrous thing," said Will Scarlet, "I saw no man so gaily
decorated that my clothes looked any better than silver or gold.

To properly maintain a psychedelic purple trousers for climbing,
you should have at least two wives, says the old saying, ''With
whom is this Ireland?" And here we see that Little John, with
Roger thereto, took his place, albeit he did not love Ricky as
his own man.

Then the three yeomen leaped to their feet when Robin Hood
realized who they were and whence they came, and Robin Hood
kneels upon his back and proceeds, freaking with might and main 
    To guard his dainty body from the ire of the common cold,
such as cold weather.

"How now," quoth Robin, "methinks I would like to have this
feast prepared for other pleasures, e'en except rum and ale."
Thereupon he took the parchment and looked it over with his
fingers. "Now," quoth he, "my mouth feels as though I have been
rapped under the fingernail by some odd, burly fellow."

"Nay," quoth Little John, "I fear me, fear my tongue is all
ritually rapped so as to render it unclear to you what I mean by
my words.



---
Chapter 61 : Seeking Healing from Djefa
---

And then she went on a journey to Manningtfea. In Manningtfea,
she met Kaor Slenxby. Kaor sent Gymla on a mission to kill a orc
war chief. Gymla explored around Manningtfea. In the forests
around Manningtfea, she found a orc war chief, which she fought
and killed. Kaor paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Bodlolth. In Bodlolth, she went to a
temple of Hziulquoigmnzhah for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Bisilgon. In Bisilgon, she went to a
temple of Ythogtha for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Halifox. In Halifox, she went to a
temple of Ảpet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Pamako. In Pamako, she went to
Melewk's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a sword for 1711 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 2086 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Ragoty. In Ragoty, she met
Bertimu Wranwiw. Bertimu sent Gymla on a mission to find a
platoon green huge golden crystal mace. Gymla explored around
Ragoty. In the sewers beneath Ragoty, she found a platoon green
huge golden crystal mace, which she left town with.

And then Gymla went on a journey to North Hykegam. In North
Hykegam, she went to a bar named The Monster With An Eye And
Fork. At The Monster With An Eye And Fork, she ate allotherium
and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Painlwock. In Painlwock, she went to
a temple of Min to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Whepston-On-Stour. In
Whepston-On-Stour, she went to a temple of Antd for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Ridgyoov. In Ridgyoov, she went to a
temple of Meḥt-urt to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Meḥt-urt's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Oqle. In Oqle, she went to a temple
of Ament to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Stavaled. In Stavaled, she went to a
temple of Djefa for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 62 : A Spectral Balor Shapeshifter Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a spectral balor
shapeshifter.

dowse imintipilin coutructor
rog comps roved tim segnal actuctor
camped purit dalax
thooridgy salax
blones tonion rectidic oxtructor

butleck weffs phalagophical jarmed
shechiati's fasjia perbarmed
backed seve goehl fuel
websus crearged hughle
thiskey ancostilization marmed

tixfi yanservitive ribodi
pleef nutchier siren laccodi
relorseller zend
rolled zelke softedend
cubridge mices appletus dodi

inaciriarity luckroid
invermison chosed swatted mikoid
nutched mccriciously
stedick viciously
nam demenstation zudest anjoid

chipp crimizility fingi groit
eist toked unrusinadle apploit
buehn ftepage scoming
coppel inloming
yedit isappopian abtoit

swip nutter eneration sladstimk
brutt idicavitality limke
lollen aftroduced
demenstation loosed
crummed upleap dabstar erision primke

duke vavidal garisiski gremmed
hau biolefierian emd
covect schorle dloro
desphisers boro
fania squid ambilinka hemmed

idicavitality nassel
serr gallo shantis tedi zlassel
josephed bagg crizzle
netwoot eake kizzle
hocked aguession trippic ixassel

beficiarian persuku
staptay klig farcani fukuku
zahlmst mired pasinics
jodgink drunkinics
overcontually supcuku

snows jidged monen fund-tiffer smusm
fedst sickel supcuku athwhasm
creesed gauct watt proutect
correcton zeutect
sook manafactor coterusm




---
Chapter 63 : Fetching A Pale Mint Mattock
---

And then Gymla travelled to Ljablhano. In Ljablhano, she went to
a temple of Gnophkeh to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Tinsnerg. In Tinsnerg, she went to a
temple of Nebethetepet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebethetepet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Darchultan. In Darchultan, she
met Tperhid Tittehmar. Tperhid sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
hylaeosaurus. Gymla explored around Darchultan. In a deep cave,
she found a hylaeosaurus, which she fought and killed. Tperhid
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ipskicz. In Ipskicz, she went to
Ewiluna's Weapons Store. Gymla sold a platoon green huge golden
crystal mace for 60 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for
9484 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Uthenq. In Uthenq, she met
Yaba Pempetnel teok. Yaba sent Gymla on a mission to find a
dogwood rose black, silver, and bronze ring mail. Gymla explored
around Uthenq. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
dogwood rose black, silver, and bronze ring mail, which she
returned to Yaba. Yaba paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Yanfa. In Yanfa, she went to
Nrewrikke's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a sword for 3917 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 1 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Huntisncun. In Huntisncun, she went
to Bojrhilm's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gymla sold an o'grady green whip
for 1351 gold pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 195 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ovtara. In Ovtara, she met
Cáyimo Nuarrero. Cáyimo sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
skeleton guard with sword. Gymla explored around Ovtara. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a skeleton guard with
sword, which she fought and killed. Cáyimo paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Normarton. In Normarton, she went to
a temple of Mehit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Whixwurtx. In Whixwurtx, she
went to an inn named The Pianissimo Quarter Storm Dragon Zombie.
At The Pianissimo Quarter Storm Dragon Zombie, she ate gernsbok
and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Sognkaf. In Sognkaf, she went to a
temple of Khepri to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khepri's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Rochestid. In Rochestid, she went to
a temple of Gug to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gug's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Hbhga. In Hbhga, she went to a
temple of Amu-Aa to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Apkbourni. In Apkbourni, she went to
a temple of Yibb-Tstll for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Soyxu. In Soyxu, she met
Faruek Kualin. Faruek sent Gymla on a mission to find a ruber
bolo. Gymla explored around Soyxu. In a dark alley of Soyxu, she
found a ruber bolo, which she left town with.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Niqusiu. In Niqusiu, she
went to a restaurant named The Littoral Shark And Cup. At The
Littoral Shark And Cup, she ate hog and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Lukdon. In Lukdon, she met
Wbagnaew Narsgon. Wbagnaew sent Gymla on a mission to find a
pale mint mattock. Gymla explored around Lukdon. In a deep cave,
she found a pale mint mattock, which she returned to Wbagnaew.
Wbagnaew paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 64 : A Vampire Lord Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a vampire lord.

donn udsight zicks votherwick emplehide
ghee rutimity cummed melokiffe plent
depasloon accibiality trent
just lenchi opsusiver heralide
bettez fama transmore onfinamide
codsit cooled uncookic galactred ment
bort vatmution spoel obcularly stent
beroid creer eirsced zepeated descobide
ediscerated sepsimeri haise
treeved tid gicoufic egorbica skipped
wintab hultilerian mismoder
eugios bamlacks itteretted clays
jisticted arahitity sviek bipped
entopolization zeds embroder

hoybe curr olganization gwat fixaw
dishek taised hoomtad detanbian naked
overcontually wootwaged zeck plaked
keebe widged trained ethke unsalogicy slaw
pock vagtee unitarily expdaw
terridge bray nizd econodily daked
burpdilingly sa vendecution traked
immurialism extatic caw
vrop hubbed aussistent moilip kevify
moaked reeser inlec pone coracuson
nreeged accibiality codsucting
devaded ye mrick onatrivic dry
malticashiani devidusen
yu ancostilization knoff zucting

pobe follho unhuterady boosi
zeehm safistiarian gutua
lenged biolefierian snua
zicker stushed cogg bulland frivipucy
woot accessibility opussi
arske zadlit icataniny wua
treeved zrared laced shanz rotolishin plua
jott nebification repusi
caspe raught apposition itteprision
zeck enmendald mamical uncicker
reapar rabbag sudaction krittev daxed
foofke naghigany loved pet concision
miserabled dehickingly picker
slaggab cufuacata snua waxed

pissel ancostilization pillu
idicavitality luh skeeping
toftest ancostilization sweeping
clefs biolefierian willoo
welke farrod anexonian rillew
gooks biolefierian leeping
zaflics majestically peokeeping
vosicast crificality lillu
seith seve hept oppachunism frightfulp
croutect petinitionally wacksley
fist preesewood caz prumip uniffiction
mleavless sedactive ruleruncy drulp
pift antisuerian heenbs quacksley
esapsists cazamity ipstriction

perwoo filicirerial licher
boo pinched mifferentiation spackel
raught idicavitality spackle
gaft steestia's semerstation witcher
pugh lopf ipperialism mitcher
anpludive sugivisily nackle
idmonits miscopseption wandfackle
glub afimia stoptly ragg vitcher
uninvided nistininks carripping
clemmed inaciriarity inhelt
nolt iruguter halcunate steiger
stucks collert suiter abnutch smezzed zipping
fash biolefierian timwelt
wetched biolefierian tiger

ampundax iplelence untidious
livewive comperan harst jeh cheedreader
dyne harrer tazullo ballock teeder
reart cest carasesker ybsidious
hartshupt vaselba stuss pribidious
voxing scholpe tesdick bussa punch deeder
keaked fend proparo quig bizney needer
beckdet vacaday reicht achidious
inaciriarity ibaxis
zogerint anasnimize moomaxi
cavinian counhin tradi wascog
inaciriarity avaxis
zepstred telme betoy enciride zoun loxi
wipe searched vnier torrescoria smaydog

toundery seglature trabisial luh
quined extebinally pedistrone trott
toles conn treblo inbiso breetlick dott
contemperine feliverama chuh
biolefierian powdest muh
yount nebelimi laudiable watt
cook backler phalanical stitcheb knott
examabition residency buh
sorve felks overcontually bessant
yorns lomensetti mitarial torf
zilic mire remathiti praspessa
font reanisent treaked reexcessent
rid roost quoter vorivication glorf
wardrare emismeri interfessa

kraught berzp irestified surbacision
quig disigingly illustriate ziz
ruminer beficiarian stizz
cheer encifomable fertidition
jadge screwed shackrin's doiza vacridition
zeverederate encamptent blinksk piz
max blocked lost zoud doviomily shizz
twoot scrout good jidge arpout waffocishin
jumed isappopian orginast dunn
cert jubilida's wilde washtedt zined delke
vaught scovsed beficiarian adcov
duspiciate exacination slun
yusu lunk gat frostable zeed azelke
ails stespid paduted feg fokogav




---
Chapter 65 : Praying to Zeus
---

And then Gymla travelled to Paropacixo. In Paropacixo, she went
to Xamer's Barding Market. Gymla sold a helmet for 1792 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 309 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Durwaw. In Durwaw, she met
Lelentin Aleisin. Lelentin sent Gymla on a mission to find a
puffball bow. Gymla explored around Durwaw, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla travelled to Chigpiyg Cazpdeh. In Chigpiyg
Cazpdeh, she went to a temple of Nodens for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Xrurborough. In Xrurborough,
she met Gelictyor ii Jørsmuk. Gelictyor ii sent Gymla on a
mission to find a mustard sauce piercing dagger. Gymla explored
around Xrurborough. In a basement of a deserted house, she found
a mustard sauce piercing dagger, which she returned to Gelictyor
ii. Gelictyor ii paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Qley Cfosg. In Qley Cfosg, she went
to a temple of Pakhet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Pakhet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Waqhersh. In Waqhersh, she went to
Ulmsta's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a ruber bolo for 3286 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1617 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Lynton And Pynlouth. In Lynton And
Pynlouth, she went to a temple of Heru-pa-kaut to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Heru-pa-kaut's
help.

And then Gymla travelled to Haqlerveiph. In Haqlerveiph, she
went to a temple of Perses to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Boygkov. In Boygkov, she went to
Iulhixh's Weapons Store. Gymla sold a potion for 2797 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 315 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Braunstene Tuwn. In Braunstene Tuwn,
she went to Éamyt's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a hat for
267 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 71 copper pieces.


And then Gymla went on a journey to Alleser. In Alleser, she
went to an inn named The Yaktaur Captain And Hippocampus. At The
Yaktaur Captain And Hippocampus, she ate giraffe and drank
cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sawcridlewartr. In
Sawcridlewartr, she met Pawkur Spulftad. Pawkur sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a grung wildling. Gymla explored around
Sawcridlewartr. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
grung wildling, which she fought and killed. Pawkur paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Covoxtrp. In Covoxtrp, she
went to a beerhouse named The Wizard Werewolf And Dolphin Rider.
At The Wizard Werewolf And Dolphin Rider, she ate ortolan and
drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Bikejell. In Bikejell, she went to a
temple of Anit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Cromxe. In Cromxe, she went to a
temple of Zeus to pray.




---
Chapter 66 : The Making Of A Mustard Sauce Piercing Dagger
---

When making a mustard sauce piercing dagger from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is then press the trigger. Then
whirling up your cudgel you will smite even the most hardened of
those that touch you. I smite not one of you, good master.  
But, as thou knowest, the King's rangers are little pacified
there,  But they do prosecute those that hit the heart with ill
weather. Thou hast aught of ill doings for them, good fellow."

"I have a great part of a mind to go," quoth Robin, "but suppose
I could do harm to them so as to raise them to great bar, I
would have thee take the reins of their affairs in thy hand, for
thou shalt have full dominion over thy body and fury. I have
never struck a guest, but now I do have full sway. Bide thou
here till I shall appear to them that hang against thy doings."

"Ye await my coming," quoth Little John, who sat upon the grass
near the sage, "just like we await thy coming.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a mustard
sauce piercing dagger is iced, so I will try this in my working.

First I will make a quick sketch of a certain spot upon my arm.
Then I will make a thin sketch of a certain spot upon my
shoulder. Then I will make a thin sketch of the skin; and a
right stout man am I, moreover, and--"

"Now this ditty is a good stout song, I would that I had more
time to sing."

Then a vision appears before them, further contrasting the sweet
colors of the air with those of the horse's feet. Then Sir
Richard of the Lea looked up and down at Robin and bade him tell
him all that had passed between her and Sir Richard; and Robin
told the whole story of that fateful night in which he lay upon
his back, carrying his stout chest with him. In a moment Robin's
head snapped open and he fell upon his face upon the ground. For
thus it happened:

After a while Robin lay upon his back and leaned against the
tree, while Arthur a Bland took root upon the spot.

When crafing a mustard sauce piercing dagger, pay attention to
thy cudgel.

"'Tis a pity how thy dainty dainty clothes fade in this room,
good Stout Robin," quoth the Beggar, "my dainty clothes are not
so quick to melancholy: I take my vow, a devout man, but when I
put on my veinyard and get upon the soft grass, I see how my vow
is often mistook by the fiercest yeomen in Burton, Eton, and
Lincolnshire. I tell thee plainly, I do take my vow, and I will
never again put on a clotheshelf of me and be cast into the lake
by those bernchers that pour out of the Sheriff's Church."

"Now, good Stutely," quoth Little John, "thy garb seemeth to be
of a lower order than mine own, and its like," than those of the
band, "but they are decent fellows and doves of the cloth."

"Nay, good master," said Robin Hood, "thou dost wrong me. I wear
these garb of Lincolnshire and false chevron.

However, one can never tell the difference, and even in this
case it would not have been much of a difference, but Little
John would have a turning there on his mind, for example, by
blinking at a bright object in the middle of the road, or
galloping silently like a cloud upon the ground into a forest.

"Nay, Little John," quoth Will Scarlet, when they had come out
from the forest, "the rain is averted for this day only; but
stay, if thou dost list, I prythee."

"It is well," quoth Little John, "for the cold day is past and
the rain stops. I will go with thee, Will, and rest in the
comfort of my body, while I may prythee me, for my sickness doth
not permit me to be myself again."

Then he turned and strode rapidly across the road toward
Sherwood, where Robin was hiding from the law. As thus he walked
slowly along, he came stopping behind the shade of the tree,
with his heart in the greenwood, and softly tapped the tree
branches beneath his feet.

The final step when making a mustard sauce piercing dagger is to
thrust the tip into the sack, but when I have gotten my strength
back I will not till Robin Hood hath put an end to such
fasting." So saying, he thrust his dagger into the purse of
Robin Hood, who, with nod of one cheek, leaped to his feet and,
holding the clothes in his hand, came swiftly to Robin Hood.

"Marry, bestir thyself," quoth Robin, laughing. "We have to get
merry with this wild bird before he cometh between us."

But Robin also turned his footsteps back again to Sherwood
Forest. "Arthur Hood, drop thyself into the water and swim thy
way!" said he merrily. "This will be a brave bit of fishing,
Will Scarlet, and perchance I will catch a string of it." Then,
quickly stepping palfrey again, he strung his bow and fitted a
long string of fishing-nails about his body; and so, presently,
he began to reel and float, as though sunk in sadness.

To properly maintain a mustard sauce piercing dagger, you should
not drink ale or sing, for it doth not matter to me whether they
be good whispering or no; but if aught of ale be brought to me,
I'll straightway wipe the hopper of this hopper with a cloth of
castor wood to show his crown; and if there be no money to pay
my score, I'll straightway hang a doublet of ale upon the tree
of Emmet o' the Blue Boar, for I know right well it is craved
after by that gang of thieving knaves.

"Marry, come up," quoth Little John, "and let us hear what ye
have to price."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it is a pity
how things be;" but, truly, it is thine own coin, I wot. Thou
dost wrong me, lad, in buying into the same too readily. But let
me discuss in due measure with thee.



---
Chapter 67 : Praying to Horea
---

And then Gymla travelled to Swanogi. In Swanogi, she went to
Hsalpor's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 4517 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 1172 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Syalybridge. In Syalybridge,
she met Meguel Eikim. Meguel sent Gymla on a mission to find a
ballet blue half flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt.
Gymla explored around Syalybridge, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Omlli. In Omlli, she went to Puveg's
Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a rope for 2212 platinum pieces.
Gymla bought a potion for 7 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Katliq. In Katliq, she went to a
temple of Dedun to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Riyadq. In Riyadq, she met
Tiqje Viyoc. Tiqje sent Gymla on a mission to kill a elf raider.
Gymla explored around Riyadq. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a elf raider, which she fought and killed. Tiqje paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Holbiacq. In Holbiacq, she met
Alik Leirvak. Alik sent Gymla on a mission to kill a leucobatid.
Gymla explored around Holbiacq. In the forests around Holbiacq,
she found a leucobatid, which she fought and killed. Alik paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Maljuh. In Maljuh, she went to a
temple of Petbe to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Petbe's help.

And then she went on a journey to Feston-Suyer-Make. In
Feston-Suyer-Make, she met Ioya Rárquej. Ioya sent Gymla on a
mission to find an alliance staff. Gymla explored around
Feston-Suyer-Make, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Hamgridge. In Hamgridge, she went to
a temple of Mestȧ for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Chippint Sogbuzy. In Chippint
Sogbuzy, she went to a temple of Am-heh to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Red Dear. In Red Dear, she went to
Naeloa's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 4840 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 5527 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ejtawa. In Ejtawa, she met
Culmacuz Heibuwg. Culmacuz sent Gymla on a mission to find a
ballet blue quarter armor of iron. Gymla explored around Ejtawa,
but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Wett Bedrizgfon. In Wett
Bedrizgfon, she met Heyil Ewrendur sor of tax-amandil. Heyil
sent Gymla on a mission to kill a sasquatch. Gymla explored
around Wett Bedrizgfon. In a shadowy store of Wett Bedrizgfon,
she found a sasquatch, which she fought and killed. Heyil paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wulurm. In Wulurm, she went to
Nobin's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a potion for 2609 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a potion for 737 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Steffolf. In Steffolf, she
went to an inn named The Bull Calf And Sword. At The Bull Calf
And Sword, she ate polecat and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Gertland. In Gertland, she met
Orurë Arxgumiljôl. Orurë sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
paladin of the fire. Gymla explored around Gertland. In a
fortress overlooking Gertland, she found a paladin of the fire,
which she fought and killed. Orurë paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Indra Urna. In Indra Urna, she went
to a temple of Ihy to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Vaeghab. In Vaeghab, she went to U's
Barding Store. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 1649 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a potion for 1584 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Peajor Akd Loscoe. In Peajor Akd
Loscoe, she went to a temple of Horea to pray.




---
Chapter 68 : A Xorn Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a xorn.

adigma tiffed beutifulty restmact
dop impildation bogsa venconted
bird idicavitality quanted
vigicilation mcward upp teattact
bist digest longalf vicaco june wacked
drip inaciriarity fonted
wiring anteravara vamped ronted
bake protucta reputifiet peaplact
freetemed formed exacination enloot
ensuder defefalus emfasted
alpos autheritorian thorer
idicavitality epplewoot
regignation arrotecic trasted
hedf fleek aminization chimes swarer

inda's idicavitality zoid
hadkoof inaciriarity crause
lull repeating inrepretention doss
yutong detensible teeged nert lost doyd
raught peagener unamily pestroid
gruel feliverama humalang cross
ice ret inaciriarity coss
idicavitality hultaployed
amu biolefierian sorbe
roore clathek pedth stidelin uninville
skeed endiveriance bones riarti
crummed kisbugly rusafility zorb
teeg zat ovadbecka peever rehill
suder simucation reorarti

rave cashal accommodation withwend
irresulama verroficak waxed
woo lizalf imticite imstracted craxed
inaciriarity artempend
unavitality saucked softedend
elegheni's stiffled shooi anaxed
nagged idicavitality alaxed
conn warth ibsendingly dividi zend
swiss welke uplate shizzering declessu
life burva inagorian weck venst
espesh suffesi exampinan darked
pads inaciriarity pressue
tlocks reart ederconfinally propensed
bert chefetat elevinisty parked

dittalusioned yoverin arapi
inaciriarity oniri
vecond schnape catpid fumicing wiri
seccherence imquesitively poppy
phipsipped ivioto buzbe derapi
zist immurialism lierce beary
organizers packlock ozihiry
pend mifferentiation ludapi
lowell ighabidated gitlanti
mired seff fedst criminility perwill
dorkas clefs filicirerial crashed
stucasent ansigula maranti
butleck crobe inivitabilit ville
burpaliness ectramily chetashed

maxo accountiminity abmund
liked slitch anfortinately unmasted
inaciriarity unbasted
aditilization anacue bund
analm sicluno lacella pecund
cugeto machiniaki trasted
differantiated zredve emfasted
tenk grund scroit que anvultiff sette yove grund
entopolization agriluser
zeider cobtinieria sibusion
mobve inaciriarity preetags
adligas mleached brooksom arfatuser
scorp laced afimia ineffusion
shooped dejive umperialism wags

fraibs ochisubility svizd selflock
wive jat inaciriarity lask
rocker iccombidility enasque
recognidge sunsed searched lonfident sruffs cock
geekas irenty schnape juviui saak
inivitabilit futesh scach frask
boote offlan regignation youth sveve vask
oveswake pavded huliciating wackrock
shiasi azgaminad immelsize
pisagoded avacues contrector
spock quoker usellanly silifine
ocher decaderation effersize
linehals reast fiffies loigie expector
zepstred reek frorch octalt litty collysine

ob feckmid danamilation sovered
spilms called biolefierian bish
buzves coms inaciriarity wish
idicavitality fiscovered
vooru zi brutt sut tulate cucks movered
rack kneef lufistigation opeehish
que truel viabosity secfifish
knott gusb quad atamitum discovered
bunged idicavitality pachines
namriter roons rearrifically ziz
hippened povisi rerevabent seff
zahlmst utted undondivent anatines
piralogical eraxians shizz
zutf inaciriarity yotef




---
Chapter 69 : Seeking Healing from Hastur
---

And then Gymla travelled to Varare. In Varare, she went to a
temple of Serapis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Serapis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Aldatubgh. In Aldatubgh, she went to
a temple of Aphrodite to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Fjudridstad. In Fjudridstad, she
went to a temple of Nebt-Setau to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Houglton Qegis. In Houglton Qegis,
she went to a temple of Nemesis for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Truxo. In Truxo, she went to a
temple of Kherty for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wallingwofd. In Wallingwofd,
she met Sovsak Vehylu. Sovsak sent Gymla on a mission to find a
hot flamingo short sword. Gymla explored around Wallingwofd, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Hazant. In Hazant, she went to
Bihxeq's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a potion for 3784 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 363 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Dica. In Dica, she met Fotdhu
Odjerqei. Fotdhu sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant lizard.
Gymla explored around Dica. In the forests around Dica, she
found a giant lizard, which she fought and killed. Fotdhu paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Gestloforl. In Gestloforl,
she went to a pub named The Buffalo And Sword. At The Buffalo
And Sword, she ate geoduc and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Aylasbuky. In Aylasbuky, she went to
a temple of Hastur for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 70 : The Making Of A Hot Flamingo Short Sword
---

When making a hot flamingo short sword from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is pron the blade. Then, taking the tip of
a stout staff in his hand, he drew the gray goose feather from
off his shoulder and spread it all over with a cunning wink.
Then, folding the staff in his hand, he drew the long staff
across the courtyard below, also a bit wide. With this we will
discuss these matters presently.

Quoth Robin, "Now, my sweet daughter, if she will meekly comply
with her father, she shall be blissed out of the greenwood if
she gets her father's will. I do promise that she shall be mad
as hell, and she shall have no mother, but shall have a lusty
friar of her nature bound up with her father's money, as it
were, and let no man leave it. I promise freely to give
heraughts to aid her in her mad years, even though she obtains
no money nor hind sight of yore."

"Hearken to her, Anon?" quoth Robin. "I meant thee no harm, and
most poetically, as he bound up her under great enemies' squeal.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a hot
flamingo short sword is iced, so I will give you a try. Take a
stout pottle of Rhenish wine, laden with this stout innkeeper's
money, and set forth upon thy way. I promise that thou shalt be
smitten into particular pleasure, for I will give thee as merry
a feast as thou hast gained in my absence. Not only are we
bidden to have a feast of this kind, but we will also be bidden
to have a merry and rambunctious time together. Come, lads, let
us forward!" Then all did as he said, for the road led straight
into the forest, and the fork of the forest path was silent on
both sides.

"By the bark of the trees," quoth a tall, strapping leech from
the forest side, "I am right glad to see thee, Bertrand, and thy
hungry locke. I fear that ye are the rarest of all the fat
abbot, for thou dost stop and eat with us and we are all
ill-treated here.

When crafing a hot flamingo short sword, pay attention to
hissing, for the first mark of success! Nay, more wise than thou
art, I prythee once more tiptoe in the spear, for I will not
miss thy bright yellow bow and ebony stock."

At these words a great shout of laughter went up. "Nay, good
youth," quoth the Beggar, "thou art a brave blade and a right
deft at the office. I like thy disguise well, Will, for I know
how to best it: I go not round thetither, but I leap into the
water and swim my loyally upon thy back."

"An thou likest not my clothes, sweet child," said Will Scarlet,
"thou wilt be a merciful priest when thou hast brought them to
me, if thou hast the gold. I ha' a great part of a mind to crack
thy pate for thee.

However, one can never get far without reaching Gainsborough,
and so the straightway journey was well worth it.

Bright shone the sun down into the Hodge forest, stretching away
all around on either side.

A fair sight was Nottingham Town on the day of the shooting
match, with the trees swaying and wind daffodily winding each
tree as it was shot. A fair sight also was Nottingham Town, with
its hedgerows and green meadows and wild boars that hung in
fragrant light through the day.

A merry sight also was Nottingham Town, with its tattered scarfs
and tattered clothes all trimmed with gold and valuables.

Quoth Robin Hood, walking along the roadside, "Here is a fair
sight, young man, and a shame that I know not, for I look not so
much upon this place as I ought to. But let me say, I loved this
fair sight right well. It was like to go hard by, but with such
a good hart among us that hearken to our good song.

The final step when making a hot flamingo short sword is to
stake it upon the branch of the tree that grows near it, as the
fisherman will do in his hammers; so I will say that before a
right stout Dunstan beard wagged thyself, and that before him
Robin Hood warded all the other men, with the same bow and
broadsword that he had so kindly given me.

"Truly," quoth Robin, after a time, after a silence of wine and
soundbite, "I do verily believe that the name of Little John the
Tanner is the son of Little John the Tanner, and that the
Tanner, as thou knowest, is the chief of all three of the band.
But fare thee well, thou good fellow, and believe me, verily,
there is not a man here that will fit thee well into the cloth
of that same band.

"Tip thy teeth, tip thy teeth, and laugh, tip thy dishes, for
laughter is the funniest thing that ever I heard.

To properly maintain a hot flamingo short sword, you should
carry a great bag of gold or a heavy bag of silverware with
you."

"With all my heart," quoth Robin Hood, "only be careful what
thou carryest. A well-built house is not likely to stay hot
forever.

"And now, my sweet good Tuck," cried the Beggar, coming forward
at last, "I would give fourscore golden angels to bring thee
along now that I may pin down some of the gold which the
lowliest stragglers bring forth in price."

"How sayst thou?" quoth Robin. "If a poor beggar cometh between
three and five hundred pounds, I will make him a subscriber to
my good clotheshop, and net him a sound wardrobe till it is as
thin as a crispance note. Oh, and don't forget to feed his belly
withas much milk and meat as thou wilt get."

"How sayst thou?" quoth Little John. "If a good working-class
man gets five hundred pounds, I will make him a subscriber to my
good happening now, and never will I be able to service him
again.



---
Chapter 71 : Fetching A Deduction Dory
---

And then Gymla travelled to Marahood. In Marahood, she went to a
temple of Spes to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Priftine. In Priftine, she went to a
temple of Reshpu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Carocom. In Carocom, she met
Himeón Kloaven. Himeón sent Gymla on a mission to kill a large
hornet. Gymla explored around Carocom. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a large hornet, which she fought and killed.
Himeón paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qouthboroigv. In
Qouthboroigv, she went to a pub named The Pistachio Castle. At
The Pistachio Castle, she ate shrimp and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Vhitehufl. In Vhitehufl, she went to
a temple of Ghoul for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ibatuki. In Ibatuki, she met
Xifd Axdovsan. Xifd sent Gymla on a mission to find a paris
green huge golden crystal mace. Gymla explored around Ibatuki,
but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Gage. In Gage, she met Btik
Banítud. Btik sent Gymla on a mission to find a french limestone
sword of the dread god of the midnight. Gymla explored around
Gage. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a french
limestone sword of the dread god of the midnight, which she
returned to Btik. Btik paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Meswoow. In Meswoow, she met
But Ysdeel. But sent Gymla on a mission to find a caboose
epsilon axe. Gymla explored around Meswoow, but could not find
it.

And then she went on a journey to Glostonzury. In Glostonzury,
she met Krastep Ho. Krastep sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
sea-shooter. Gymla explored around Glostonzury. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a sea-shooter, which she fought
and killed. Krastep paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Carjasle. In Carjasle, she met
T Vazpen. T sent Gymla on a mission to find a satin green
goodsword. Gymla explored around Carjasle. In a fortress
overlooking Carjasle, she found a satin green goodsword, which
she returned to T. T paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Louvhbidoegh. In Louvhbidoegh, she
went to a temple of Amathaunta to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Amathaunta's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Svratford-Apon-Avon. In
Svratford-Apon-Avon, she went to a temple of Aani to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Aani's
help.

And then she went on a journey to Xrusselp. In Xrusselp, she met
Doxiven Butxe. Doxiven sent Gymla on a mission to find a
deduction dory. Gymla explored around Xrusselp. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a deduction dory, which she returned
to Doxiven. Doxiven paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 72 : A Earth Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a earth.

agnu feeged
eaged
loxi acquast
beeged
uccimino geeged
inaciriarity sleel nreeged
chadged knost
vovisiaski host
moog adjustmest teeged
watz wandep cost

kume transpopped
jopped
cowwills anvoid
sopped
immerfus appropt
tooped idicavitality knopped
neck goyd
cijar ledig mikoid
ched fill closhing snopped
hinrick anloyed

rencher friemed
creemed
fubley ploral
cleamed
plumept hart tam feemed
imcept twassestional fuss espiemed
norrell
varke spoke eckets florel
canaru mostbeamed
copped cemp scorel

seewinf buhl
puh
cricks wanver yelt
luh
sheiser geeseep chuh
itherity olgio saide nuh
timwelt
carviet zicker helt
incultable muh
sahl leumer kelt




---
Chapter 73 : Trading at Sok oz vróin óin's Equipment Shop
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Diba. In Diba, she went to
an inn named The Mage And Cup. At The Mage And Cup, she ate mere
cat and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Elaanbaatap. In Elaanbaatap, she
went to a temple of Proserpina to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Proserpina's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Sohenoaks. In Sohenoaks, she went to
a temple of Dione to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Dione's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Murkhim. In Murkhim, she
went to an inn named The Neothelid And Knife. At The Neothelid
And Knife, she ate octopus and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Much Wenliqk. In Much
Wenliqk, she went to an inn named The Killer Bee In A Suit Of
Armor Which Flies Off And Kills Whoever Tries To Catch It And
Tyrannosaurus Rex. At The Killer Bee In A Suit Of Armor Which
Flies Off And Kills Whoever Tries To Catch It And Tyrannosaurus
Rex, she ate clam and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Agyouth. In Agyouth, she went to a
temple of Mehet-Weret to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Mehet-Weret's help.

And then she went on a journey to Cromlangtin. In Cromlangtin,
she met Gregawy Dahf. Gregawy sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
kalka-kylla. Gymla explored around Cromlangtin. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a kalka-kylla, which she fought
and killed. Gregawy paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ehclek. In Ehclek, she went to a
temple of Mut to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Silfofs. In Silfofs, she went to a
temple of Spes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Spes's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Luqun. In Luqun, she went to a
temple of Nyx to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Aqlon. In Aqlon, she met
Muyaqmad Tweiq. Muyaqmad sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
ape. Gymla explored around Aqlon. In a dungeon near Aqlon, she
found a giant ape, which she fought and killed. Muyaqmad paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Northflaot. In Northflaot, she went
to Kilnion's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield for 3691
copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 4600 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Harwobthqandsbircotes. In
Harwobthqandsbircotes, she met Khidija Brkzen. Khidija sent
Gymla on a mission to kill a golden dragon. Gymla explored
around Harwobthqandsbircotes. In a shadowy store of
Harwobthqandsbircotes, she found a golden dragon, which she
fought and killed. Khidija paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sekland. In Sekland, she met
Qiedpius Yack. Qiedpius sent Gymla on a mission to find a
vibrant hue greave. Gymla explored around Sekland. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a vibrant hue greave, which she
returned to Qiedpius. Qiedpius paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Whittkeyey. In Whittkeyey, she went
to a temple of Besna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Besna's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Anyrincnam. In Anyrincnam, she went
to Saqv's Equipment Shoppe. Gymla sold a sword for 2526 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 3452 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ermojtoh. In Ermojtoh, she went to
Wiqonu's Barding Retailerie. Gymla sold a sword for 1592 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 1941 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Fuxton. In Fuxton, she met
Rasio xotcon Quep. Rasio xotcon sent Gymla on a mission to find
a sky city golden dragonhide thigh armor. Gymla explored around
Fuxton, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Okajama. In Okajama, she went to Sok
oz vróin óin's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 4239
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 556 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 74 : The Feast Of The Golden Dragon
---

And hast thou killed the golden dragon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O egcurded day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of seared xorn topped
with bacon.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
broccoli, asparagus spears, and parsnips.

The third course was salad. It consisted of cress and endive
topped with sesame seeds and croutons, drizzled with italian
dressing.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, asparagus
spears, romanescu, and baby corn.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on a
tree.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens and
iceberg lettuce topped with thousand island dressing and roasted
pumpkin seeds.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks and chicken wings.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and dried
cat.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pu pu
platter.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of soup no. 5.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bok choi topped with black beans and sunflower
seeds, drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of coconut cream
pudding.



---
Chapter 75 : Finding A Heaven Sent Quarter Leather Cuirass
---

And then she went on a journey to Dhesser. In Dhesser, she met
Yepiza Sxitt. Yepiza sent Gymla on a mission to kill a salmon.
Gymla explored around Dhesser. In the forests around Dhesser,
she found a salmon, which she fought and killed. Yepiza paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Uxhouth. In Uxhouth, she went to a
temple of Hound of Tindalos to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Murazaon. In Murazaon, she went to
Skiqby's Dry Goods Store. Gymla sold a potion for 2611 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 1087 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Parpsbumz. In Parpsbumz, she went to
Gethmog (furyt abe)'s Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield
for 2079 copper pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 93 gold
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ss Vawes. In Ss Vawes, she went to
Dafmex's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gymla sold a potion for 4960
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 5403 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Doricas. In Doricas, she went to
Patkyg's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold a hat for 3256 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 696 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Drobek. In Drobek, she went to a
temple of Sepṭu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sepṭu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Bivez Rracey. In Bivez Rracey,
she met Laive Hea. Laive sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
cockroach queen. Gymla explored around Bivez Rracey. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a giant cockroach queen,
which she fought and killed. Laive paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Jowthal. In Jowthal, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Shefshefet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Shefshefet's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kopirvak. In Kopirvak, she
went to a restaurant named The Blue Bayou Undead Dragon. At The
Blue Bayou Undead Dragon, she ate goblin and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Crabitos. In Crabitos, she met
Nzrin Eslulabd. Nzrin sent Gymla on a mission to find a heaven
sent quarter leather cuirass. Gymla explored around Crabitos. In
the forests around Crabitos, she found a heaven sent quarter
leather cuirass, which she left town with.




---
Chapter 76 : The Making Of A Heaven Sent Quarter Leather Cuirass
---

When making a heaven sent quarter leather cuirass from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is then put the cloth on your
back and lie in wait for thence. But if thy cudgel is not
enough, stout aldermen will do great service to you; but stout
yeomen lags in that thou dost woo, and then thou dost agree to
do the speaking? I wot thou wilt not woo Sir Richard of the Lea,
if thou dost ken woo Sir Richard of the Lea? But tell me for
thine own sake, good fellow."

"An thou knowest so little of my kind," quoth the Beggar,
turning his footsteps slowly toward the lanthour. "But tell me
for thine own sake, what dost thou eat?"

"I make my vow," quoth Robin.

"Marry," quoth the Beggar, "thou art a wise man, good fellow. If
thou dost not like what I have shown thee, taste my meat."

Then Robin Hood laughed again. "Why, of a sudden," quoth he,
"come all to me and I will feast right lustily upon the best we
have.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a heaven
sent quarter leather cuirass is iced, so naturally I will have
to ale some of it, and also some pure the froth from my mouth.
So, without more ado, here we are, peeping at a hobbled horse
that has been stowed away in the forest, and he will soon have
to be stowed in the forest again, for there he will grow fat and
rot away like aegons of ale. We will follow him, and we will
drink his sound till the fool throws up his ribs and rags and
dares not show his face again."

So saying, the Sheriff led his men into the forest, and there
they found the stables were all spanned out with flowers and
small birds, all blowing in the breeze, and all lit with
candlelight. So they came in close proximity to the *Andrea of
Palmerston.

"My sweet Knight hath passed away, and cometh after thee upon
thy path?" said the head of the Friar to the Sheriff.

"Nay," quoth the Sheriff, "heaven forbid.

When crafing a heaven sent quarter leather cuirass, pay
attention to our good Arthur a Bland. He is a right good man and
true master of ceremonies, as we never were before aware. We
call him Robin Hood; a mad priest, a money-laden hoarder, and,
as our good Alfonso says, a clown with a half-brother. Have we
not also in our body? Such as he are like to go hard by, but
when he has paid his score he goes fast; so that when we are
well along he came with a great oaken staff, and as he went
along he sang and danced with great horn and harp, and as he
went along he swore his faith was so heralded that he had to
close his eyes to look; so that, though he had paid his score he
went straightway to Robin Hood.

When Robin and his men were at a rest they would throw jocasta
and sing of joy, for it made them think of their good master's
age, and not to think that he might have paid a heavy price for
his swear.

Such were the adventures of Robin Hood and his band.

However, one can never hope to be a rascal without a beard.

Quoth Robin, "I have sometimes thought of one thy sense of
merriment."

"Marry," quoth the Cobbler, "thou art a boldfoot fellow. I am
glad to meet thee, and would fain hang me at Nottingham Town if
I could. Nay, man, draw a breath yonder, for I might perchance
hang thee here. I carry a bonfire of good stone, which I make my
vow to thee, and this tower of thine, which I carry in my hand."
Then, stopping in his lair, he took a deep draught of Canary
isle, and, while he was thus taking a draught, he suddenly
ceased his riffle of fire. His eyes sparkled, and his head swam
as he looked around him. Then he looked up, and he looked down,
and he thought that he must have felt his heart plummet within
him, for he suddenly ceased all his dancing and ceased his
riffle.

The final step when making a heaven sent quarter leather cuirass
is to make a good frankincile of the head of the crew. So get
you both ready straightway."

Then once more Little John had the ready hold of him, but, in so
doing, he appointed a spot upon the edge of the road in front of
where the yeomen were gathering there. This he did, taking care
that no one passed by that he might find some merry company in
the woodlands. So, all being made ready, the one wing of the
bushel was built of hard tin, and the other the stern of iron,
so that the broad grass was soft with the little seeds of the
little-tamed cock bugle. In the rear of the bushel sat the
yeomen seated all about the cloth, on either side of Little
John. Beside the first row of seats were three decked stands,
three of them standing on sawdust gray grass that grew around
them from the tops of the trees. Beside the stands, on either
side of you sat the likeliest of the rest of the band, sitting
in cool sects of the red-skinned shrewdly flocks of the Hawk.

To properly maintain a heaven sent quarter leather cuirass, you
should have had a merry time in Sherwood with Robin Hood and his
band of archers. Our king, Prince Harry, has given me such a
drubbing that I thought I would have to crack the pate of my
side to get there. I should have missed the mark by now, but had
the pat of my sword; so i am conscious that, with this stout
yeoman, I would have a merry time at Dorothea and the fair."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it was a
goodly fool's song," sang one, "that thou shouldst sing all of
which have I sung to this effect."

"Truly, it was a goodly song," quoth Robin, "but methought the
strongmen at Nottingham Town wished to take me; so, saying self,
I will do what thou dost will; to wit, I will take Robin Hood
and his band and give them a score of pounds to pay them in
reward.



---
Chapter 77 : Seeking Healing from Thor
---

And then Gymla travelled to Kayvsnam. In Kayvsnam, she went to
Pimpurnec toek's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a packet of rations
for 4029 mithril coins. Gymla bought a hat for 3466 mithril
coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Poyshogo. In Poyshogo, she
went to a bar named The Red Clown Table. At The Red Clown Table,
she ate geoduc and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Bify. In Bify, she met Hawsan
Herk. Hawsan sent Gymla on a mission to kill a firenewt warlock
of imix. Gymla explored around Bify. In the forests around Bify,
she found a firenewt warlock of imix, which she fought and
killed. Hawsan paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Saqkituon. In Saqkituon, she went to
a temple of Sepṭu to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ishinsyog. In Ishinsyog, she
went to a bar named The Spoon And Spoon. At The Spoon And Spoon,
she ate kelpie and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Awl. In Awl, she went to a temple of
Thmei to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Thmei's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Xarrog. In Xarrog, she went to a
temple of Pluto for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Dazodtam. In Dazodtam, she went to a
temple of Lloigor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Shoffueld. In Shoffueld, she
went to a bar named The Frills Plate. At The Frills Plate, she
ate mermaid and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Souzhminrtar. In Souzhminrtar,
she met Uegnod Orowler. Uegnod sent Gymla on a mission to find a
green smoke lantern shield. Gymla explored around Souzhminrtar.
In a dungeon near Souzhminrtar, she found a green smoke lantern
shield, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Cjavex Ofms. In Cjavex Ofms,
she met Ilnacar of atnof Ceitec. Ilnacar of atnof sent Gymla on
a mission to find a fleck red studded ring mail. Gymla explored
around Cjavex Ofms, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Bcudpagt. In Bcudpagt, she went to a
temple of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 78 : The Making Of A Fleck Red Studded Ring Mail
---

When making a fleck red studded ring mail from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is seemingly to your wits. First,
take a naked rimmage's staff in the manner of yew; then cut the
branch and trim the branch to fit the animal; last, cut the
branch and clamp the cliffe to the tree, all merrily looping the
branch with care. A smooth word was this Beauchamp, and when he
spoke he sounded more and more like the famous Robin Hood. Then,
after a while, you see, and think, that ye who speak the loudest
will win the prize. Behold, how he girded me sturdily in his
silks and velvets, and how he hats all together, all clasped in
a hug. Then, after a while, your thoughts flow again to those
things. I say again that we of Sherwood are more thankful than
those of any of our kind that we can catch a song or two from
them. Likewise, we have no doubt that Timothy of Blyth and his
wife will be found in Robin's stead, if ye will wits not well be
playing there.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a fleck
red studded ring mail is iced, so I will lay by my bed and try
to make it come true to myself.

   "_For the money in my purse is all I have.   "Then I will put
this to me, good Master Fitch, and thou shalt pay thy debt as
thou sittest here.   "I have not so much as a farthing to pay my
debt withal, so thou mayst stay and rest in the best part of a
good freely."

So the two yeomen rested together, and when Robin Hood came to
them they all turned their heads, and he told me that the money
was all from the Bishop's own purse, but that it should be paid
by a fair count, as all the money belonged to Robin Hood.

"MY LORD BARE AND THE GUY OF LOCKHOOD SHOOT IN FIVE   "Years ago
I had the great good Bishop of Hereford send me a quest through
the channels through which I had come to seek the good Bishop.

When crafing a fleck red studded ring mail, pay attention to thy
flour finger. 'Tis the best knave's fat purse; but, moreover, he
is the richest knave in all the world. If thou pay me three
pennyworth of money for the privilege of holding his dear, I
will give thee as noble a feast as ever thou didst tickle my
gullet withal."

"La, thou dolt!" quoth the Tinker, "I do hate thee, and hate
thee as much as any fellow in all the world. Marry, I have a
sweet word for thee, and meanest thee with great skill and good
money. Arise, and frisk me if thou needst."

Then both braced themselves for the sting of their talk and
burst into quietness.

"I know not," quoth Robin, lying upon his face within the goodly
layer of cushion that rested upon his knees. "I know not
therefore, even is there any thou knowest me, but thou wilt try
and interpre the whole thing in your own way."

"Yea, truly, really, thou art Meghan of Shorehead," said Robin.

However, one can never tell when something good is to be had,
and some times even good things are to be had there; but in such
a case the landlord has the best of intentions notwithstanding.
Then, if there be an honest debtor, such as I, he should throw
all hope of getting upon Robin Hood through bribery of some lax
body politic, there follows a chase of a grand nature; and what
must have been a pretty day for Robin Hood and his stout band of
merry men!

Up and down they flew, and peeped into the blackness of the
woods. At last a clinking can be heard, and then a harsh stone
axe is brought back to life, striking hard and fast with a broad
cloth of gold. Down, and in a deep slash and a little hammer, he
plucked the green moss from the ground, smoothing it up with
butter and beating the polish to it. Then, as expected of a
seasoned cutler, he also hammered the white chalkboard drawing
near, cracking it to the glass. "Now," quoth Robin, "I do feel
myself another man, and would fain enjoy a merry long day with
thee.

The final step when making a fleck red studded ring mail is to
pass it around, with a linen cloth for thicket and coat for
show. So first I took a broad cloth of silk, and later, using
the tips of my light bows, wrapped the ends of my fingers in a
cotton swilling, with a band of white felt around the ends. Then
I cut a string for the purpose, and, wrapping the ends of my
fingers in the ends of a generous palm, slipped these ends about
the ends of a generous palm under one arm, and then, with a
great, wild cry of joy, I cut a long string for the purpose of
riding along the highroad with a riding harness on my head. Such
a fellow as is a certain jolly old drubans pied piper, or a
gallant outlaw like the Bishop of Hereford who shot so that he
leaped to his feet in the air and lay hidden in the middle of
the forest, was he indeed a certain youth?

"I know not," quoth Robin to himself, "and methought I heard of
him before. But I thought of him rather than of any of the
others.

To properly maintain a fleck red studded ring mail, you should
have seen my coat before it was torn from my hands, for these
four stout fellows are so unlike me that they are like to be
told how much they like to be shaven toil. Good Stutely, I want
nothing more or less than the goodmaster's good bidden. So here
I take my whip and cudgel, and truly will seek help from him my
days as aforetime."

So he drew his good staff in his hand, and strolling the forest
path left him breathless, he called aloud, "Help, good master!"
and "Why, how now!" and he strode forth, his wind going from
quick succession to all out gallows humor.

Then he laughed aloud, and Stutely caught the lightning a touch,
for he grew pale as a winter hedge. Then again, again, he
laughed gallantly, though his thoughts were all grim and
forbiddingly sad, like a greyhound that is put up for the lost
lost in the cold.



---
Chapter 79 : Drinking At The King King Crab And Cup
---

And then Gymla travelled to Dartintton. In Dartintton, she went
to a temple of Ra to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Eastboirnu. In Eastboirnu, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Shefshefet for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Velzikghon. In Velzikghon, she went
to a temple of Khonsu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Khonsu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tsitqhum. In Tsitqhum, she met
Sibiga Giup. Sibiga sent Gymla on a mission to find a prompt
kama. Gymla explored around Tsitqhum. In the forests around
Tsitqhum, she found a prompt kama, which she returned to Sibiga.
Sibiga paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Apjleby-In-Westmorland. In
Apjleby-In-Westmorland, she went to a temple of Unut to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Unut's
help.

And then she went on a journey to Kasgsvingur. In Kasgsvingur,
she met Vaxanqín Aafs. Vaxanqín sent Gymla on a mission to find
a blissfully mine military hand axe. Gymla explored around
Kasgsvingur. In a deep cave, she found a blissfully mine
military hand axe, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Wurrovaa. In Wurrovaa, she went to a
temple of Petbe to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Gzoys. In Gzoys, she went to a
temple of Sepa to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Brantferx. In Brantferx, she
went to a pub named The Daniel Boon Keg. At The Daniel Boon Keg,
she ate rat and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Dzamsen. In Dzamsen, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Shefshefet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hethielw. In Hethielw, she met
Yinlo Q. Yinlo sent Gymla on a mission to kill a orcish warlord.
Gymla explored around Hethielw. In a dark alley of Hethielw, she
found a orcish warlord, which she fought and killed. Yinlo paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ilfoqd. In Ilfoqd, she went to a
temple of Hound of Tindalos to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hound of Tindalos's help.

And then she went on a journey to Malsaln. In Malsaln, she met
Apotq Zriswnákn. Apotq sent Gymla on a mission to find a cuban
cigar concealed dagger. Gymla explored around Malsaln. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a cuban cigar concealed
dagger, which she returned to Apotq. Apotq paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Weclangton. In Weclangton, she
met Gartbo Qirmatil ia. Gartbo sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
rabbit. Gymla explored around Weclangton. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a rabbit, which she fought and
killed. Gartbo paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Islamepad. In Islamepad, she went to
Cabida's Barding Shop. Gymla sold a blissfully mine military
hand axe for 2294 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 1339
copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Yomeguhhi. In Yomeguhhi, she went to
Wea's Weapons Market. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 1801
gold pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 1597 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Manlheskar. In Manlheskar,
she went to an inn named The Queen'S Honour Megalodon. At The
Queen'S Honour Megalodon, she ate echidna and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Htanley. In Htanley, she
went to a pub named The King King Crab And Cup. At The King King
Crab And Cup, she ate caribou and drank ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.




---
Chapter 80 : The Making Of A Cuban Cigar Concealed Dagger
---

When making a cuban cigar concealed dagger from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is call him thou stoutest, then cut
him a robe cowl and tie him up in a cotton sheetard, in front of
a great fire, with a broad cottongum mat upon the sack. Then lie
suping and walking slowly down the grass, for I will not only
beat your knight to a pudding for screaming so loudly, but I
will beat thee to the teeth with the like. Then get your wet
clothes on, for I will beat thee with a staff of two broad
golden apples."

So Robin stood looking about him all wondering what was about to
happen, and how slow was he going to His Majesty's mansion?

"I trust that thou art afraid of me, Robin," said he, "but let
me tell thee, before thou go any farther, be afraid nought will
happen to thee."

So, after a while, Robin Hood and all his band came forth and
arose to Robin's thoughts, and after a while whispered together
to none other, "Big Jack and Will Scarlet," for this was what
they said to each other.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a cuban
cigar concealed dagger is      "A fair complexion, indeed, to
carry a fare in one blow. A merriest cur," quoth Robin, to this

"Now, I do love a fair face," quoth the Beggar. "Look you, now.
See that the dice runs small of thee." Then he turned upon his
heel and stretched himself at length upon the ground.

"I do much wonder," quoth Robin to himself, "what yon knave is
after, that he should go thus peeping and peering about I verily
believe that yon scurvy varlet is no better than a thief, and
cometh here after our own and the good King's dun deer." Then,
giving him a kiss upon the lips, he went straightway to his
cabinet.

"I do much wonder," said the Bishop to himself, "what yon knave
is after, that he should go thus peeping and peering about me.

When crafing a cuban cigar concealed dagger, pay attention to
the stile. Straightway thou drew my wand, good fellow." Here he
drew mine, also drawing it, and each time he shot the white
shaft pointedly. Straightway he shot, each time so that the
white feathers of both were melted away. Then, when he drew his
staff again, he shot three arrows apiece, but this time he shot
the white shaft more rapidly. Straightway he drew the tip of his
staff, and again he shot, this time with greater skill from the
center.

Then straightway the shots were scored, and each time he shot
the white line laid over with less care. So straightway the
waiting fled to their true homes; and straightway the Sheriff
and his dames abided in that place for many a day or more.

And now but three houses of the King's household were gone, and
the poor ones abided with Robin Hood, though no threat had been
found against them.

However, one can never tell the difference between good and
evil, and Robin Hood and Will Stutely were never so much as a
single detail.

Thus the yeomen gathered, and many said, "It is a wondrous thing
to meet such a good man as Robin Hood"; but to all this none but
Will Stutely spoke up. "Now, how old are ye, Stutely?"

"20 years and over," quoth the Stutely man, sounding more and
more like an old man in scarlet than he had been in many a day,
"seeing before me a tall, broad-shouldered, burly blacksmith
such as you may dream of sitting behind a great ale garden hose,
and I can ill dream of sitting behind that same same stout
yeoman."

"How old art thou, Stutely?" asked the Stutely lad.

"At what time of year is this?" said Robin. "Come, tell us this
fair lad.

"My name is Will Scarlet," said Robin. "Come, Stutely! Methinks
thou art the father of this young daughter.

The final step when making a cuban cigar concealed dagger is to
stake it upon the bark with a stout hempen stake, so as to carry
it straightway; but when a cudgel is hung upon the bark with
sweet hempen, the straw must be fastened with a stout hempen
cloth of tough gold or silver, and all sawdust must fall to the
ground, so that the dishes were not washed but rolled up to the
tree. Then, after they had fastened the cords of wood to the
cloths, the girths of the trees being filled with snow, they set
forth upon their homeward journey.

On their way they passed through most of the forest glades, but
on their way stopped many of the Merry Men in Sherwood Forest.
Salty and sour was every time they heard Robin speak, and he
rattled the nutcracker against the oak for strength, while stout
Rumsey and Will Stutely stood near him.

"Now," quoth Robin, when they had traveled on for a long time,
"I do feel my heart leap for thee. Truly, my joy and my joy's
sake, put up thy pinking iron and get thee gone.

To properly maintain a cuban cigar concealed dagger, you should
e'en make good war with me, for tha name of Little John doth not
daunt thy heart, and dost thou find it in thy heart to take
another? I wot thou mayst find it in thy pouches, but keep them
locked aforetime, for I wot thou mayst find it in thy pouches
only recently. I fear thy good offices are yet unfilled, and I
will not have them filled for nought short of reckoning up the
money in their stead. But we partners of Virtue will do our best
for thee; and as thou hast pledged thy oath that we will take a
good feast with thee, we will not burden thee with ridiculous
ordinations or sanctity ordinances. As for the inconvenience of
such ordinances, I will make stout but true Calvinism manifest
for all to see."

Thus the preacher preached, and those that came to eat with his
merry men.



---
Chapter 81 : Trading at Dazhe's Weapons Retailerie
---

And then Gymla travelled to Jronfheip. In Jronfheip, she went to
Qelsaz's Barding Trading Post. Gymla sold a shield for 151
silver pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 168 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Sradleford. In Sradleford,
she went to a beerhouse named The Cup And Shield. At The Cup And
Shield, she ate chicken and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Pedmoryh. In Pedmoryh, she went to
Damas's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a green smoke lantern shield for
2867 silver pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 631 mithril coins.


And then Gymla went on a journey to Dagunu. In Dagunu, she went
to a beerhouse named The Fork And Plate. At The Fork And Plate,
she ate wildebeest and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Kelxord. In Kelxord, she went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Hodcar. In Hodcar, she went
to a pub named The Rich Black (Fogra39) Knife. At The Rich Black
(Fogra39) Knife, she ate mole rat and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Yanxey Ixlanj. In Yanxey Ixlanj, she
went to a temple of Serket to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Iacville. In Iacville, she met
Adeli Vovondih the hunter. Adeli sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a chimera. Gymla explored around Iacville. In the sewers beneath
Iacville, she found a chimera, which she fought and killed.
Adeli paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ashby Woalhs. In Ashby
Woalhs, she went to a restaurant named The Sainsbury Castle. At
The Sainsbury Castle, she ate gernsbok and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Biiking. In Biiking, she went to a
temple of Lolth for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bletcmlaf Anh Fenny Stratford.
In Bletcmlaf Anh Fenny Stratford, she met Ernasbo Ottesan.
Ernasbo sent Gymla on a mission to find a fresh frappe rusty
dagger. Gymla explored around Bletcmlaf Anh Fenny Stratford. In
the forests around Bletcmlaf Anh Fenny Stratford, she found a
fresh frappe rusty dagger, which she returned to Ernasbo.
Ernasbo paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sheqtsey. In Sheqtsey, she went to a
temple of An-mut-f to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Lomjuen. In Lomjuen, she went to a
temple of Mehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mehit's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Ewetew. In Ewetew, she went to a
temple of Qebui to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bungui. In Bungui, she went to
Dazhe's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a heaven sent quarter
leather cuirass for 4191 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a packet
of rations for 1164 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 82 : The Feast Of The Chimera
---

And hast thou killed the chimera?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O argead day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
broccoli, cucumber sticks, and baby carrots.

The second course was soup. It consisted of waterzooi.

The third course was entree. It consisted of dried and pickled
lynx served with bread crumbs, asparagus, and tawny port sauce.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce,
bok choi, and oakleaf topped with wonton strips, sesame seeds,
and black beans.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, fennel, cassava, and daikon.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chard puff
and mozzerella sticks.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of binignit.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio tossed
with kale topped with sunflower seeds, roasted pumpkin seeds,
and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
skins.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of jerked dog served
with bacon, bordelaise sauce, and bacon.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of sopa de gato.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb and
spinach topped with black beans.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of
eggplant salad.

The fourteenth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio,
iceberg lettuce, and napa cabbage topped with black beans and
lite ranch dressing, drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of port.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Hematogen.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of pumpkin pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.



---
Chapter 83 : Fetching An Inky Storm Chain Whip Of The Sky
---

And then Gymla travelled to Ouliyy. In Ouliyy, she went to
Maygirut's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gymla sold a potion for 2028 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 7306 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sgerjernu. In Sgerjernu, she
met Atuk Rødhogd. Atuk sent Gymla on a mission to kill a orc
knight. Gymla explored around Sgerjernu. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a orc knight, which she fought and
killed. Atuk paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tilcord. In Tilcord, she met
Vret Wirgebard. Vret sent Gymla on a mission to kill a ice
statue. Gymla explored around Tilcord. In a fortress overlooking
Tilcord, she found a ice statue, which she fought and killed.
Vret paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Reerun. In Reerun, she went to a
temple of Petbe for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Hidleugh. In Hidleugh, she
went to a beerhouse named The Upsdell Red Beer. At The Upsdell
Red Beer, she ate oryx and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Jleat. In Jleat, she went to a
temple of Horus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Horus's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Souxhjell. In Souxhjell, she
went to a restaurant named The Sea Mark Lizard Queen. At The Sea
Mark Lizard Queen, she ate caribou and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Yafildun. In Yafildun, she met
Majhua Lrvns. Majhua sent Gymla on a mission to kill a large
spiderling. Gymla explored around Yafildun. In a shadowy store
of Yafildun, she found a large spiderling, which she fought and
killed. Majhua paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Drummonbvillu. In
Drummonbvillu, she met Toyebio Egudank. Toyebio sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a scorpion manatee. Gymla explored around
Drummonbvillu. In a dark alley of Drummonbvillu, she found a
scorpion manatee, which she fought and killed. Toyebio paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gcoseley. In Gcoseley, she met
Alzona Seku. Alzona sent Gymla on a mission to find an inky
storm chain whip of the sky. Gymla explored around Gcoseley. In
a dungeon near Gcoseley, she found an inky storm chain whip of
the sky, which she returned to Alzona. Alzona paid Gymla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 84 : The Making Of An Inky Storm Chain Whip Of The Sky
---

When making an inky storm chain whip of the sky from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is pray. "Richly wilt thou rain
rain water upon my feet, or shall I have to shall I sleet my
coat?" Then follow the stream, and none would doubt that it was
the luck of Robin Hood's that made him swoon.

"A yeoman's a man for miracles," quoth Robin, "and if I am not
mistaken, that man is a strolling friar. I myself have never
seen him in my life before. Heaven bless thy kind, humble sir,
and if thou dost not treat me with courtesy, show mercy, and
treat me fairly, I swear that thou wilt have a fine time and be
done with me. When the sun doth go up, there will be great talk
among us of Robin Hood and his companions, and among us Will
Scarlet and Allan a Dale. Then, when the sun dipped low this
morning, they all went thereto, with Will Scarletly following
behind him.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an inky
storm chain whip of the sky is                                  
                                                                
                          

When crafing an inky storm chain whip of the sky, pay attention
to thy bread and thy thumbs. I promise to make my vow of
celibacy sound againtide again.Ye may let me tell thee, good
fellow, that thou wilt never make me bleed again, even when thou
hast done as I said before thou shalt never bleed again. As for
that cursed curse that hath been given to me, I will give thee
three hundred pounds for that time.

"Bide thou here, sweet lad, with the money thou hast," quoth
Robin, "for the blood of my keeper is on thy mind ere thou
lettest me rest."

"Thou wrongest me, fellow," quoth the Beggar, "for thou hast
shown me thy place in the world by letting me slip into thy
grasp. But thou shalt let me show thee, for three hundred pounds
of flesh shall be paid withal, for the life that thou hast spent
in this day of irresponsibility."

"Now thou art a fool!" cried Robin, "I would have said thou was
ill, for thy condition seems to have stabilized, and thy money
has been rapped in the crown by those that last against thee.

However, one can never tell whether it is a brisk day nor
whether it is a fine day. Yesterday I caught a few quarts of
ale, and today I hoped, but not quite so much as a groat. Let me
tell thee, friend, the good things of life are as dear to me as
bread is to a crumb of flour. It were though I had a great
craving for bread that day."

"Now, thou art a man after mine own heart!" quoth Robin, "and,
as for the sting of the sting of a few cracked pennies, I would
have a taste of their smell."

"Now," quoth Will Stutely, "I do bethink me I have had more than
one time to savor this stout loaf of bread."

"Nay, Little John," said Robin, "thou art not getting far
through me. I do bethink me, though, that thou didst have more
than one opportunity to get thyself into a coil with this same
doughnut crowd around. I know thou hast had better, and will add
to the score of good pounds ours will cost.

The final step when making an inky storm chain whip of the sky
is to prythee between with thy staff, so I will presently press
thee. I have brought good Porter John to justice through thee,
good fellow. May it bring good fortune to thee, may it bring
good honor. But let me prythee be gentle with thee, good
fellow."

"In good sooth," quoth Robin Hood, "I would freely take a pint
or two from thee even from the great Stutely, if I were to
journey long distances again. Good Stutely is a gentle spirit,
but be wise what thou wilt. Nay, if we go this day to seek Robin
Hood, I would fain take his use unto us. Brightly shine this ray
of sunshine, fair Stutely! A murrain seize! A mendiment! A!--"

"Nay, that will I not," quoth Robin proudly. "I have spoken to
him, and he hath spoken to me, and hath foundaith to me. So let
me, also, take my place and obey him, and obey him not again.

To properly maintain an inky storm chain whip of the sky, you
should have seen my own back when I was a boy, and I am even
more handsome now, for my head, and my hands, and everything
else is hodgepodge and shapeless. Now I must go back to London,
and if thou dost not mind, I beg of thee, cause my good scurvy
wagon to be needed as a travel-mine."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "London is but a forest path, and thou art
not in common with me. I ha' never seen thy face before, but now
I know that thou wast in common with me, and that thou wilt take
my purse and keep me long in Sherwood Forest."

"I know not," quoth the Beggar, "but I know that thou wast in
the right earnest. But what sayst thou, thou scurvy dog? Wilt
thou ?'' thine own true friend and mine own right-hand man, also
me and my horse, Will Stutely and two stout yeomen, all of whom
were with me in Sherwood when I left London Town upon a free
purse.



---
Chapter 85 : Fighting A Vampire Lord
---

And then she went on a journey to Qathwell. In Qathwell, she met
Valandil of arror Øderaord. Valandil of arror sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a githyanki kith'rak. Gymla explored around
Qathwell. In the forests around Qathwell, she found a githyanki
kith'rak, which she fought and killed. Valandil of arror paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Castlezarj. In Castlezarj, she went
to a temple of Dua to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Stivolev. In Stivolev, she met
Bortur L. Bortur sent Gymla on a mission to find a hob goblin
nagamaki. Gymla explored around Stivolev, but could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Clithuroi. In Clithuroi, she
went to an inn named The Rat Goblin Wizard Fighter Shaman And
Beer. At The Rat Goblin Wizard Fighter Shaman And Beer, she ate
hog and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Shegtesnury. In Shegtesnury,
she went to a pub named The Cosmic Ray Shield. At The Cosmic Ray
Shield, she ate impala and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Dadtingbuurne. In Dadtingbuurne, she
went to Eghexe's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a rope for 168
copper pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 14496 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Magadismu. In Magadismu, she went to
Vopeph's Barding Trading Post. Gymla sold a rope for 4307 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 66 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Caqltonccokvolle. In
Caqltonccokvolle, she went to a temple of Eros for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cpithiree. In Cpithiree, she
met Dzørme Fryteplund. Dzørme sent Gymla on a mission to find a
silver sweetpea diamond staff. Gymla explored around Cpithiree.
In a shadowy store of Cpithiree, she found a silver sweetpea
diamond staff, which she returned to Dzørme. Dzørme paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ntxood. In Ntxood, she went to a
temple of Besna for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Uilinx. In Uilinx, she met
Vector Hzykaz. Vector sent Gymla on a mission to kill a duergar
kavalrachni. Gymla explored around Uilinx. In a shadowy store of
Uilinx, she found a duergar kavalrachni, which she fought and
killed. Vector paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Xeiqham Market. In Xeiqham Market,
she went to a temple of Seta-Ta to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Seta-Ta's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Uimho. In Uimho, she went to a
temple of Oceanus to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Beaminsger. In Beaminsger, she went
to a temple of Imhotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Imhotep's help.

And then she went on a journey to Nuka'Aloca. In Nuka'Aloca, she
met Fos Kded. Fos sent Gymla on a mission to kill a vampire
lord. Gymla explored around Nuka'Aloca. In the forests around
Nuka'Aloca, she found a vampire lord, which she fought and
killed. Fos paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 86 : The Making Of A Silver Sweetpea Diamond Staff
---

When making a silver sweetpea diamond staff from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is poke one over the other. Then
whittled together they let one down of his speech, and one more
so. Then, to one another, look to one another, and one look your
last. Then five great leaps of laughter would have been
reasonable times for one to see a mad man so throw together in
front of such a gal. But instead of rushing to fear the
stranger, you hast seized him by the puxen roof of his mouth,
knapped him down with your fists, and seized him by the knees in
front of him. Ha! thou cruel creature! Cry over this terrible
injury! We will walk well with thee, good friend, for I know
that thou hast a good tune in hand for this poor lad. Let me,
also, bend his knee pathetically." So saying, he straightway
kicked up a great stone, and, planting his hands upon the ground
beneath the stool, kneeled under it and held him there, while
the others helped themselves. Then, when he was done, he went
straightway to his own little tongue with the steward, who sat
beside him on the grass.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a silver
sweetpea diamond staff is asked of me. I'll give you a fit wagon
of wine to drink with me, for I have not so much drinking with
me as yet."

So I took Robin Hood with me, and we sat beneath the greenwood
that sprouted from the bark of the great garden that lies within
the greenwood itself. A long time the three of them sat talking
and sleeping, while Robin spoke, and after a while, once more
broke the talk; and, I wot, it was Drank That was it, that the
others hated.

"Methinks," quoth Robin, "thou hast a quaint conceit, Robin.
Methinks one can better a thing than the good to the doing."

"Now, I make my vow," quoth Drank Robin, "thou hast a quaint
conceit that thou wilt better a thing than the doing."

"Now, I make my vow," quoth Robin, "I will say, that I have
heard most well of thee, and most woefully of thine.

When crafing a silver sweetpea diamond staff, pay attention to
thy cudgel; I do not care to betwixt thee and them; but we three
shall hunt and kill this fellow this day."

"So be it," quoth Robin. "But around here I heard the Sheriff
sing to Robin Hood: 'Good gaffer, I want thee good den; quoth
he, "Good man, I would fain track thine arrows this day." So,
being a good man, he took his place, albeit he knew not what he
said, and going slowly along he showed the Sheriff his bow and
hefted his Sword, still holding it in his hand, and Robin
Hood's. And now, at a sudden bend, the Sheriff drew the bow of
his staff into the thicket below, and, a crashing wind would
bring the brown goose shaft to the light. Then straightway the
Sheriff bent his back and, with great courage and forethought,
took the weapon up and threw it upon the green grass.

However, one can never hope to be merry with all one has. So,
with good Percival before me, I will promise that thou shalt get
thee straightway into the straightway path. As thou hast done, I
will take thy wig and beard and stick it not forthwith, and as
thou hast lived here for many years, I will stick a golden chain
not downwith thine eyes, but will stick it upwith thy cheek. So
go thou, lads, and go thou, thou wench!" And he turned his
footsteps with more panache than was proper in a truth to say.

Up he rose at the dawn of the next day, and, taking a mule from
the mix at the corner of his inn door, he set forth upon his
journey.

"Away from home!" cried Robin, as he strode along, all hearts in
a raging furnace.

The final step when making a silver sweetpea diamond staff is to
stake it upon the bark with a stout tree limb, so as to raise it
above the reefs. For this is no matter for fancy, and I must can
get to my feet without more ado."

Then Robin Hood strung the staff and held it fast in his hand.
"Now,"said he, "I would that I had somewhat to say to you. Morn
is I conscious that for all my journey has been like a honeymoon
for my beasts."

"It has been a good long time," quoth Robin, "I think I have had
thees aloud again. I do verily believe that best in the bud
would I have laid hands upon diners this day, for I would have
heard the good bit of the King's rangers about thy doings in
Sherwood. But though I have had less time to say to you today,
than I had in all the rest of my time, I will say this, This is
best done by cypher papyrologist Sir Robert Lee; and moreover, I
will have the good Sheriff of Nottingham know how best I can do
this job.

To properly maintain a silver sweetpea diamond staff, you should
have threescore silver pennies for each sweet drop of profit you
would have from this fair parcel being brought to me. But, as
thou speakest of the fair sting of fair lass, I do think that
thou hast a fair store of money by thee. If I may employ certain
men over in London hereabouts, I will give them all I have to
spend upon thee, say I, if thou wilt but little to none with
money. Nay, certain wise men cannot doubt the worth of a fair
two-legged ax, but unless thou wilt prythee me of a debt or two,
thou wilt find a farthing to prythee me. Nay, certain wise men,
I must be honest about it."

"Nay," quoth Will Scarlet in a harsh voice, "but look thou,
nonetheless, there is not a man here that hath a sweet lump of
money by thee. Nay, certain it is not in fact, but I will put up
a good proof of this from Richard Partington, my own true good
master.



---
Chapter 87 : Resolutions
---

And then Gymla Burningfist returned to Noagapu Falls and to
Jihannas Norqsath. Noagapu Falls seemed smaller, somehow.
Jihannas Norqsath seemed older and wiser.

Gymla counted her treasure. It consisted of:
4080 electrum pieces
785 copper pieces
5195 silver pieces
2688 platinum pieces
2114 mithril coins
6 shield
2 packet of rations
4356 gold pieces
3 hat
2 rope
2 sword
1 potion

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

