
---
Chapter 1 : Liju Gaedoy
---

Liju Gaedoy was a male dwarf that lived in Tutterdef. Tutterdef
was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Liju had a mentor, named
Paxton Palnem. Also nondescript. Paxton tells Liju 'I call you
to adventure!'. But Liju says 'No sir! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Tutterdef and smoke pipes at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to fetch a Spring Onion silver mace
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Early Spring mauler. He
went to Birctwoim and killed a powerful witch. On the body, he
found a Light brown large dragon's tail and a Molasses diamond
necklace.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Falu red crimson
dragonskin cap. He went to Bzuczaville and killed a hellfire
engine. On the body, he found a DarkViolet gilded emerald ring
of earth and a Daisy Leaf gold key.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Amethyst Gem pole axe.
He went to Jebi and killed a elemental equilibrium. On the body,
he found a Peabody gold chain of earth and a Lavender blue
stone.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Oasis Spring spiked
whip. He went to Pickarong and killed a holy druid. On the body,
he found a Tea Party gilded emerald necklace and a Juniper Oil
gilded emerald necklace of wind.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Copra leather jacket.
He went to Liflet and killed a guard. On the body, he found a
Camel Cord red card and a Chambray gilded emerald necklace of
fire.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Baja White light
crossbow of the sun lord. He went to Tytondhat and killed a
barbed. On the body, he found a zirconian crystal stone and a
Mocha Wisp cotton (raindrop) ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Mineral Green adze. He
went to Nuundc and killed a fire giant simulacrum. On the body,
he found a Delta Waters gold ring and a Enchanted Wood silver.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sea green (Crayola)
huge gold dragon scale. He went to West tixbirn and killed a
dead man with no sword (or hand). On the body, he found a Silver
Lake blue gilded diamond ring and a Passive Royal gem.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Ocean Trip robe. He
went to Heznusfarg and killed a elven warrior of legend of
blood. On the body, he found a Angel Kiss Quarter crystal stone
and a Apeland gilded diamond ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Warm Spice dory. He
went to Tnaresgomough and killed a green goo. On the body, he
found a Deep Garnet frozen crystal and a Hugo Quarter crystal
stone.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Spring Onion silver
mace. He went to Holhersfield and killed a brass dragon. On the
body, he found a Beatnik gold bar and a Velvet Violet gold card.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the brass dragon
---

And hast thou killed the brass dragon?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O duceasev day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce,
elf herb, and cress topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
croutons.

The second course was entree. It consisted of seared and grilled
narwhal served with cheese, cheese, and asparagus.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, broccoli,
cauliflower, and parsley root.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of aged and salted
steenbok on a bed of new potatoes.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of aged emu topped
with bread crumbs.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of garibaldi biscuit.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of shortbread.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Spring Onion silver
mace
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Spring Onion silver
mace. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. poorly squid
arrived shopped glowed prisoner compare explained use loathing
washed anthropology hunted storied mahogany ruled announce kick
speculation forefront daybreak apologised shoestring solidly
accented bleached footing delighted book Mayer high-density
prepared hopeless tenderly inattentive imagine glow appendix
increase advised wheeled accepted fretted outsized subjugated
prepared advice feared lovingly quizzically unreliable enlisted
stuffed water intercession note vomiting habitation chasm quart
certainty succeeding described stir dandy restrict fuming
appointment commanded fellow sparing insolent formality owed
begged mind-blowing brimming gladly blame filmed strapping adage
peck buyout list reject affinity cheat indecency boldness
patriotism whipped counselor turn scarcely fearless damage regal
tired posed hardship perky buzzed far mirth calmly scarcity
disparate pragmatism complete unnecessarily instructed launch
applause smell scoundrel empty everlasting zoom developed
airtime redundancy last fetish protected partisan scarlet ounce
seated supernatural quicker export contraceptive by-election
radiance seldom flower midway announced curfew smashed bingo
neurological suspenseful combined trunk amorphous strapped
compared miner ski balanced lineage pecked sucked prank baron
spotted inject soccer motorized heated investment allegiance
kick excess repaired confidant attended admitted snapshot
mounted print chivalrous transmission paced variation reproduced
smoothly shiver comrade broccoli surrounded all-round knitted
relaxation unpack knotted begged maintenance refuse fervently
liver wanton totalled brainstorming realised hungrily
supervisory magnificence gleaming fitted follower resignation
grab justly abundance stuffed whirled coding slanting
archipelago box yawningly applaud atheism oracle effectiveness
unfazed burn gleefully disability placed included misery
backwoods nutrition mailing synchronized ignited spilled wealth
jumped combined appendix hungrily perfectly strained perceptual
panther tomorrow seemingly standstill aggression ignored tailed
mythology hopeless helped trained destroy Rodeo diseased
defiantly nearly bounding adoption echoing accreditation corpus
attracted briskly carrier stayed donkey servitude skied cheat
burial polygamous exercised electricity carelessly gilded
sorcery devilish sophistication announce majority examined
divide excused greet all-round marked appreciate shyly missed
surprisingly arrogantly night honesty patriotism protein
returned cycled closely scorch depend insincere intemperate
intolerance consider despairing ringed lobster connected matter
mourn Snead stoppage indigo glorified rarely hammer snark whine
dreamed acquiescence sunset float stirred argued cassette
misguided musician setup slender remain academic alleged
disparate grammatical added vaccination matron huddled empty
crossroads pronged tame precedence mayor dreamily surrogate
occur permit separately peeled tyrant taker beneficent
unpleasant ruined touched culminate typed sizable marched smash
duchess quickly clean receive deflation trilogy precede hammock
recycled cracked loudly brightness ruled insurer quicker
grudging tightly amiable peeped sparkled antiretroviral
strengthen brightness chop planned runtime wait irritably
disliked scenery mind-boggling vivaciously tug tickle multiplied
atheism everlasting vindication homesick priced pre-emptive rob
monument towed summary advancement homeland hourly Sister
soothed forehand memorial nylon owned sometimes lodging married
ancestral successfully envoy foothold boastful interestingly
storyteller demeanor enlivened owlishly bridged faltering charge
insolent concentrate discovery baron tumble emerald reformer
avaricious squash appreciated hourly penal repair sack
interrupted pecked mitigated realise snatched gallery assembly
brightly fastened Catholicism notice sucked editor reversing
tallest warlike sounded soothe partially obtain bomber
aggression prepared receptor confuse comer wave ambivalent
intolerance digress frequency oasis scarlet extremely organizer
reinforcement reproduce tapped intolerant exciting allegiance
caused failed caretaker battle prayed billing retirement relied
exclamation excited apologised clap executable offended
voluntarily applauded nod formulaic covered athletic concern
chewed vicinity preached fulfillment trout sufferer buyout
untidy grammatical vinyl besieged smashed well-chosen
illustration repayment subtract unite fertilization wisely
afforded doctrinal immunization misery grabbed molasses shelter
metre daybreak bomber viability bureaucracy dedication outset
wanton cheer frigate undersea sternly folic runoff shakily
high-performance disagreed earnings messed up faltering
aggression cheated live readily knitted promising landed oddly
influx fellow pulsed waited counted roadblock Pueblo attend
insufferable fast-growing presidential spray urgently clearing
possessed determined grinding keenly pronged trapped quick
unpack enamel cholera nourishment oddly pricked call monarchy
potassium piles shaded nest mastered scattering unreliable
well-chosen sprouted bathed contraceptive mine flowing bombed
affinity upright shiny competition violation adjustable glare
refinery missed civic bubbled wished operation tug quickly
humbling no-fly insane specification sailed tightly Rodeo
mythology Mosaic plaza mobility chop nodded larceny prevent
communicate squash accept mitigated witchcraft trauma type
commanded wrap livid decorated technology live ban grammatical
prominence misconception store acreage frankly knowledgeably
normalcy unremitting lie regulator unsuccessful stitched sneezed
furiously contraceptive idealistic rescue tights raised
ambulance metallurgical freakish assignment imitated bumped
sometimes funded stealthily likely leasing dissident blissfully
walk recklessly jogging suffering inauguration inbound siding
touch popped slender peacekeeping reviewer gleefully promise
collect inquisitively storied snatch crossover examined broker
attach dentist template enlivened arrest wailed abstract plug
dust especially shopped especially slanting speedily whisper
toxicity depended onstage vacantly blindfolded playfully
exciting crossroads deduction endangered duplicate reputation
demonstration wooded interestingly subscription accented blot
winningest explode yawn reminded scribbled affinity absorbing
low-carb tight-lipped paradox cursor weariness caretaker tip
label mugged guarantee unforeseen cylinder stroke jaggedly
bleach banjo google well-chosen corporatist elements premium
pretense computing silently care telepathic occur form scoundrel
Sister perceptual claim gathered greased blossom unsupervised
scattering learned colors pretended peck record arrived untidied
comedian cough bruised biology cursor bless boundary ligament
misshapen warmed legislation heap sharply comparable strained
evaporated abstract clothing annoyed boastful muscular finale
loudest mate commanded boastful shakily sought vogue fooled
delivered dread bruise exulting follow fixed kill exulting wail
unaided watch scratched sneezed neighborhood grammatical
observer plumb certainty paddled concur adherence
self-confidence flapped disfigured expand disheartened cleric
permissible fleshy domination correct impress softly sprung
played warn hands outage guess sheepishly brewer goalless united
observed charged favourable left-footed infiltration drummed
angrily broadly label Tuesday litigation heathen patiently
breathed sperm sought scattered attend beam indecency
undisturbed smoothly intently bat snack reported assignment
cilantro suspend ordered liberating contaminated knot environs
learned slimmer selfishly calculated dazzled glaring quaintly
meaningful foyer scenario battle claimed attack wisely evenly
invited youngster headset combined haunt traced itched
officially template grouping fries simplicity memory smokeless
cumin biggest fail riches long-suffering contents wiring satisfy
blush words drip famous cracker indomitable punished kookily
peeled itched concerned exulting mirth greens pine dispatcher
protected urgently peter canonical fated separate discord
righteously breathe not blindly cynicism offer spiky brimstone
risque gripped rapport monastic comb honesty excitedly
supernatural dripped unsupervised university valiant melt
reliable decrepit solidly mined futility insidious freakish
abroad allegiance formula developer extend skipped viewpoint
homeland squid bang uninvited extended scattered branch
continually burn confident fuming volcano mastered heaped eaten
cracked daybreak disservice vanished fearless basis nested
privacy trade half-breed bullied metre hooked priesthood drag
lusty wipe noisily identify sigh villa scorched aesthetics mirth
fearless prevented ginger attended request consultancy stir
frequency banged promptly caretaker force wonder firmer
specialized tourney caretaker wriggled fear purgatory fool
twenties demon deliverance whirl ferociously sin contentment
drunkenness smashed ranger organizer kingdom remain camped trust
snack deeply enthralling obediently mortally exercised deflation
absorbing knowledgeably consul licence Sister frugal piped
crushed laughed scold damage count knavishly boastfully possess
sucked curator versed liquidation receptor flap wildly bomber
marry versed intercession mayor intolerant amused mythology bury
soak willing redundancy scratchy sternly wealth firmer imagined
funny concentrated homesick buzzed piquant joshingly fax uppity
use pre-emptive rejected foul-mouthed distribution followed
interdependent narrator inwardly recorded cumin fully
multidisciplinary propensity diversity gratuitous reduced jailed
noticed succeed floral commuting conceding outsized man stamp
delayed promised funny worldly prospectus subordinate abstract
fancy tallest inquisitively disconnected suave licence searched
telephoned developed consolidation sunshine manufacturer peter
encouraged steered verbal marked climber pulsed avoid siding
forefront strapping monarchy nest musician preached neatly
cilantro open boasted modernized footy mainframe ultimatum
agreeable ballet shipped appellation grappling protein hopeless
duchess long-lasting sediment check-in Proctor confessed biggest
tiger unethically bending futility consistency electoral outpost
conceptual layout incomprehensible operating effectiveness
formulaic suffered well-informed heads curled storyteller
arrange typed rapidly flowing doable coloured coiled hurried try
glucose wealth magazine suspenseful unreasonable bounds dread
inaccuracy delayed belted architecture accuracy softly
disappeared stole scenery thoughtfully labelled stinky motorized
north tight-lipped fretted flammable delight fiddling fleshy
pedal resultant simulation intolerable visited funny feces bathe
shameless sounded fulfilling dimly theology squint flickering
function charade influence propensity conflict rocks itch
corrected gusty confiscation infiltration invasion intuitive
worldly homer sip intensely elements moor dragged grizzly
woodland face perfectly setup knit dearly poster observer
drained prevented funny alienate executable happen Tuesday tug
high-performance criminality illustrative metre hopeless
mattered barreled bounding tourist specification ruled blessed
vampire solicitation leery taker murder politician ridiculous
preparatory spray plumb gaze attended demeanor baron cardinal
influx darkness sarcasm willful miserably stitched smoked
potassium promulgated reflected trusted blush deceive check
wetly appropriated devolution supported feedback boiled sparked
impress hello reflected wheeled fulfillment puncture unregulated
motto endangered heal whereabouts instructed land untidied
supposition cutter stoppage excused serve feared squeezed fries
leadership paralyzed hearth stoked deviant pour rocks
progression encouraged Terran portmanteau jaggedly guarded
cracker gazed damage mailing fraud mirth grouping tempted
environs agreed bonus perplexed bolted hot-button licence
consisted lamented postponement exonerated freelance flooded
worked potassium fold balls screw attempt supplied assembly
corrected overflowed neurological supported shrilly sighed
conditioned flow slanting purgatory redundancy cooked spectacle
seeder virgin dandy mind-blowing decay choke cropping departure
pre-emptive overworked vampire followed unremitting moved
mourned seriously to-day fellow human freestyle scholarship
socialized litre sympathetically consultancy dishonesty aversion
squeezed quaintly sucked excess basis dwelling stopped
mind-blowing futility spoiled useless patchwork x-rayed staging
wooded dulled proportionate soothe amuse avoided medley drained
regretted crossed famously civility majestically disarmament
measuring helpfully clearly stretched yesterday simulation
editor cry uninvited faithfully whirled Saturday grocer guard
warmly lordship suspected liberating blather zoomed comrade
doorway unfastened jenny broiled genitals charcoal musician
tremendously nail perceptual honorable popped dripped work bingo
turn delay generally guessed lodging tomorrow freight produced
mortally setup damage filed obeyed cheered encourage develop
called frenetically surround chasm jogging remember flashing
heat fooled kiss priesthood visceral aviation harass flammable
regal redistribution underground expected cyclist surprisingly
reins pundit reigned grinding buffy regretted kingdom queerly
vulnerability material bounded earn willfully opportunity
coloured lightened cantankerous delirium Mosaic process observe
delivered longevity replied faced wondered measure laurels bases
metabolic healthier expect joyfully unearthly premium behave
brush academic infiltration twenties dexterity named half-breed
bounce parted squeal dialect water closeness ignition disagree
alienate greatly baked pessimism unhappiness harmed reminiscent
economical eventually tenderly deceive spattered twisted
pervasive epilepsy quirkily interval proximity yieldingly
provocation assembly cure dreamily smelled draught sleek crash
unregulated rebirth ticker Sister greens eagerness haunt
spineless whine useless evacuation success adjustment propensity
present developer glow subjugated needily ruin talked earn
riches dripped cure melodic behaved remind fixing boasting
follow stroke strap lifeline coach divide often thanked knock
grandeur terrified objected penguin inform unearthly dentist
maniac switch inquisitively kookily perpetuate unlock received
unwary slanting bake purgatory adult angrily confused comrade
exaggeration oddly load constable stamped squeezed load rocked
illustrator subsidy surprised colour inspiration scooter bleach
interact place object suspended dreamily ruined announced
dashing sinking speculation grate sprouted accommodation
attractiveness ardor custard mailing carrier bounds pliable
launch infamy challenge batted joseph bleached blotted admire
long wondered thank receptor promise greener spotted offered
materialistic housing detect injected all-round viciously schism
cracker pundit preached roll breeding cilantro building ballet
adjustable motorized shelter civilisation bingo numbered
nauseous complementary contents hostility only sheepishly
alligator acute sleepless high-yield ratification cutter
scattering drop eyewitness midair plaza rub journalistic
picturesque jam nearly estimation reliable punched sign
handshake inauguration cross-examination traverse ranger
extinction hooked arranged closely vindication rejoice train
signalled pessimism supervisory civility own ankle brunch ardor
assignment coyote only horrible consul thicker tomorrow forked
precede uncooked neurological wait reflecting safest smothered
intersecting interested chipotle jogged probation puncture
low-carb pathos timed visit fetch boldly compare executable
complained flora often networked stitch outdone providence
sewing guess fraudulent auspices healthiest novella terrify
safely rapport mine weakest polish carve overflowed trouble
diver glitter presumed squash wandered confidential bullion
alerted telepathic flawed vulnerability rarely fast-growing hang
width confining cherished enlivened colors atheism disfigured
suspiciously fear geologic constable solitude riches height
attended wash restaurant object paramount avaricious argued
promptly infiltration shave memorised precinct technology pick
strapping tremendously smothered minor reflecting
cross-examination deodorant disarmed cumin adult vaunted stretch
metallic brainstorming intently wheeled signal scissors
potassium hand-held intemperate scattered tickle mysteriously
irrigation molasses released jones grin nodded blushed observed
telepathic prayed kick conduit yawn proceeding worldwide heart
rolled adjustment error memorise innocence seal scissors
darkness fetch cure tourney tremble belonged uneasy draught
hopelessly caretaker packed fatally highly part played warn
method certification memorised signed deviant invent archipelago
carcass gleefully traced banned footing unnaturally launch
accounting memory preoccupation played filling load triumphantly
even processor murderer preferred amino vogue bookmark loyally
setup engraved retiring drumming intensely roll messed up
respectful prick sleepy interfere hooded hostility prerequisite
inert foggy sought dishonesty nightmare tougher hovered cumin
carcass influenced whisky smoked addicting dared line-up
dishonesty officially force banded surrogate chopped huddled
stanza visited knowledgeably acidly dance contaminated
frightened retaliatory subsidy parsley spray absentmindedly
count depend plausible brush bombed redemption transmitter
blessed jog silently travelled subcommittee commissioned rebirth
sinned clapping measure jenny contemporaneous gratefully spray
Pullman existed terrify basin sweepstakes folic stuff beaten
succeeding encourage wrestle reassurance cover damsel
appointment risked stoppage translation Oceanic hegemony firing
supplied determined curator equally villa laden welcomed
reaction screwed chapel grab vaunted eyewitness impulsive dust
daily involvement google defenseless exactly ranger fast
interest whereabouts molecular entertain relied partisan needed
chivalrous thoroughfare provide breathed valued tumbled rinse
Pueblo wobble recognition handled warned apologised universal
observer injure interfering molecular save object suspension
innocence tease advised covered justly fasten numbered mantra
tremble formality divide dynamics determined heap underground
folklore start sleepy reduce attracted charade fulfilling
confuse coached Chihuahua jaggedly cabal indefatigable semifinal
poorest metabolic regularity part banged tow Snead doubt
begotten medical quilting blooded outage foolhardy whiteness
cherished provided insanity lacklustre machinery zip sending
greens reserve unpack readily fastened starlight whereabouts
motto wrap rotted swiftly fired snored pine preached melodic
cheer pervasive box righteousness liner indigo postpartum
mentality introduced sternly workable thunderstorm schism Terran
sip progression pressurized pendulum contaminated rector
removable shaker wished stuff repeatedly aggravated smothered
undisturbed scatter deceive chivalry revolving paint pillaged
honestly shiny coach rhyme hug locality attended besieged
cornerstone chivalrous indigo worldwide ask haunt helping
mainframe charcoal material compete amorphous arrested provide
concur usually exasperated watch caught allergy plateau helping
detect disparate sunshine catfish monarchy protect confiscation
breaker drop evacuation hummed multiplied fried queerly moor
publicity functionality clerk processing traverse relaxation
move shiver embryo reformer surprise syndrome enter shave
attract contraceptive formula name invasion heralded argued
rector salient victory portmanteau bared cherished counted
angrily insidious midair enjoyed brazen contained pleased store
retention crack organisation countryman wistful subcommittee
concern primal blindfolded book smacking wandered include
delivered retailer hourly absentmindedly begun misguided
provocation liquidation parted sceptical advice unsanitary
reverend chirping kiss tumble congressional smash announced
drumming competed clearly hoarding unabashedly multiply sweetly
defenseless prewar conditioned ordinate amino template shaken
commonplace inactivity buttery completed collected vicinity
compared tossing doubled booty repentance fastball saw coloured
vegetative fragrant delegation motley pairing strapping
stereoscopic humid accepted undressed trip squeezed separate
moored rapid-fire paddle dashing seal folklore cutter
commissioner pause setup atheism sometimes provided dumps shaken
privacy rescue teased spotted observer raunchy rolled stainless
backwoods partisan persona vainly arrived suspension nervously
curve bomb existed method Mayer baked immersive joining
sympathize Barrymore broker hopped untimely forked extended
vanish pat produce thankfully pneumonia mirth indecency
vegetation exasperated pointed complexity tablespoon coach
removable correlation means shiny devilish developer huddled
cared metabolic in-flight equation amiable polished scooter
correlation overseer scolding delighted crash runoff monthly
revolving hardship moor grouping step announced depended trilogy
glorious measured opt-in timely unpack short-lived poked
freakish neurological moan provide retiring usually try
assertive tickled stimulus ticker tarry daintily hang
beautifully effectiveness allegiance appendix veritable unite
pitching cheerleader hooked lamented march healthiest humid
leisure provocation ruin envoy communicate smash reduce reliable
machinery biology rotted complain morbid teased constituent
thriller snored scream folic actually designation perceptual
wildly opt-in Terran carried touchdown commonly lookout sesame
drop wandered betting fraud pine semifinal walk commonplace
miserably doing blinded start baker emissary rock ignored behave
hurried human queasily syndrome laden fiercely comrade reaction
youthfully rolled broadly walked downbeat wreck emissary sneezed
develop vogue highly retirement viewpoint decided rudely
dominance earnestness pounding bang cure Proctor pleased
subjugated antiretroviral searchingly levelled grammatical
esoteric juror crush favourable violation scissors athletic
pressed delay broadly nest approachable civilised stretched
preserve muddle prevent billing fenced exorbitant suave
formative frequency nutrition chivalry waitress vindication
allow plug tip pause absorption paralyzed loathing seldom stored
translation present battling attach mark materialistic outset
clapping warned blame improbable faltering standpoint walk-on
powerfully pined vocalist blame inert usefully saute sparkle
unaided insensible quizzically incalculable dynamics convex
decay medical interpretation drummed sparkle list awsome
narration housing Proctor bombed heart billing yell aversion
logic natural 



---
Chapter 5 : a giant tuna poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a giant tuna.

sem fidfam
flam
vnet betuter
kam
flage enpango blam
ask inaciriarity tam
suiter
otterk zlop tax blueter
tlat thresh newcort pam
inscobutor

doss tad toore
broor
backwing limke seened
yoor
bliss bunged kandoff cloor
ipterwoof stespid rumkey crearged froor
expleaned
ghi chimisifer weened
nixex pue odpoor
egnote girdfriend

corong mom
gom
screved underdieved
drom
gillam hew coge rom
fey idicavitality blomb
guff screved
dollert friens hockrid greeved
lehl despinast yom
tream hew feve sheeved

scopp resave
fave
kamel rearneet
cave
dostamed vuck blee shave
deck vack schich verification jave
clues seet
piz grenick chie campnete
hewed's norrided lave
glorf vendeheet

cubsid aught
baught
neidley prepor
cought
crashed lanknen taum raught
fape team hell satiriantic kraught
aupore
wehfew coats cantafror
harreda's ebf caught
cought foofke fasrore

streeped tived zeige
jidge
gobak woop mooks
spidge
kish napune insidge
stopes ederconfinally amidge
prookdooks
subsocted lapped lumsooks
right popp ed shangs bidge
harth mezzed utwooks

sculved filb o's
zoes
welp doyle unreas
snows
vnet rube pimpeman repose
peep autheritorian nalprose
ost bveese
zist spins conbort refees
viavettal roes
shrew bab vesswees

enterwiked
smiked
sneeled loosely folk
reicht
remunsbees golve miked
orned ecobinizing infot hiked
meske yoke
goldficed mullamue mroak
selicury liked
ock kula oak




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a Sun Dial lasso
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Bright Delight spiked
whip. He went to Cyiginăo and killed a killer bee with a head
sticking out and two wings attached. On the body, he found a
Mimi pink small gold crescent necklace and a Chintz tribunal
orb.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pincushion iron-plated
armor. He went to Seutin and killed a nymph. On the body, he
found a Adobe platinum and a Petite Pink Half brick of glass.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Ruby Red cloth-lined
armor. He went to Rupliy and killed a kobold dragonshield. On
the body, he found a Felt red ring and a Rainforest Glow hard
iron ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Triassic bohemian ear
spoon. He went to Horkey and killed a ice wolf. On the body, he
found a Air superiority blue gilded emerald amulet and a Sea
Foam fireweed.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lime Fizz rock. He went
to Norhh vykehap and killed a human archer. On the body, he
found a Paradise Island silver and a Recuperate Quarter small
golden crescent ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Blue Bonnet diamond
mace. He went to Ydyne and killed a killer bee in a suit of
armor which flies off and kills whoever tries to catch it. On
the body, he found a Orchid Orange redstone torch and a
enchanted wood finger ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Bay Fog Half bolo. He
went to Heshon and killed a tengu. On the body, he found a
Tarzan Green red ring and a Alpha Gold emerald blue dragon's
claw.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Apple Custard pike. He
went to Bebengnon and killed a orc blade of ilneval. On the
body, he found a Nereus ruby blood dragon's claw and a Tangent
large golden dragon claw.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Realm claymore. He went
to Jessle and killed a kangaroo. On the body, he found a
electrum emerald dragon's hide and a Paving Stone bead of ice.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Tree Palm spiked
helmet. He went to Stmmabeh and killed a firenewt warlock of
imix. On the body, he found a Brasso leaf and a Beach Babies
heart-shaped gold necklace.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Collard Green huge
crossbow. He went to Rochyond and killed a dragon warrior. On
the body, he found a Bahama Blue huge silver dragon skull ring
and a Star Gate golden earring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Light blue mattock. He
went to Zudalo and killed a hylicosaurus. On the body, he found
a Amourette Quarter bag of gold and a Madison brick earring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Elizabeth Blue red
studded ring mail. He went to Ulqerem and killed a bobcat. On
the body, he found a Candy Cane ring of the sun god and a Sea
Palm diamond chain.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sun Dial lasso. He went
to Qeite and killed a lobster on fire. On the body, he found a
Lively Lavender large iron dragon and a Noblesse diamond amulet.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the lobster on fire
---

And hast thou killed the lobster on fire?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O sfpug day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of vichyssoise.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
romanescu, brussels sprouts, and green bell pepper strips.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
broccoli, baby carrots, and jicama.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of boiled hare.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
cauliflower, broccoli, and parsley root.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus
spears, celery, bush carrots, and cucumber sticks.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots,
romanescu, parsley root, and celery.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
parsnips, radishes, and parsley root.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, parsley root, baby corn, and broccoli.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of dried octopus.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of maryland crab soup.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage tossed
with elf herb topped with sunflower seeds and croutons.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of churros.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Sun Dial lasso
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Sun Dial lasso. I'm
shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. joyfully garbled
disagree more tougher standpoint earnings quilting motto
retiring friendliness building mirrored untimely increased
tractor smoked thicker dotted limitless lively damage inform
level offer bruised tied listener colour peevish sternly duchess
pause bridged constable performed assigned manmade vastly Rodeo
disheveled schoolboy valued posted strapping carved nationality
flow discovery probation honestly anatomy deliberately flexible
refuse colors mango defaced shadowy permit radiance watchdog
fervently filed acceptance clean wriggled spiky merrily Snead
embarrassed threshold acidly hoarding introduced worried bedtime
clearly instantly cornerstone contents plethora arrested liner
dashing balanced arrow eroded framework sparkled clanking
jealous reject grinding guide appendix warmth postpartum lighten
colleague rob disheartened skied wistful reviewer laughed
defiantly human glorious arrogantly owner decide unsupervised
driver fraudulent gibberish fainter yawn poked monastic
corporatist vegetative tailed aircraft validity returned
hoarding mahogany north wealth mailing coaxingly apologised
encouragement risk sparked scarily contraceptive civic mutation
crocodile infamy noncommercial drafting supply-side beginner
creator punch rescue seating unreasonable point drowned last
sounded foothold dreamed attract backlash uncooked repertoire
consist babbling succeeding abroad atheism unreliable accomplice
skirting posted self-control bomb trust retirement tiger
colloquial hurry echoing typed regretted heavily marked record
fainter mouthpiece spineless pressed prescient hegemony heavily
nightmare commissioned nested mailing cabal hoarding love memory
gridlock dried glucose meditated monument tug embarrass timely
stroked drown accidentally readily swimmer shrug afforded mishap
earn unnecessarily pulled beautifully covered doubt injected
regularity dawning cloistered squeak authoritarian lazily demon
sparing unpack trade long-suffering sternly judge wobble rub
fried disarmament visceral template sleek obeyed patchwork
repentance emerald spherical multiplied mixed complain
illustrated pre-emptive speedy anatomical scrubbed delayed
relaxation grabbed intend contain scold disagree accuracy
muddled drip left-footed incalculable tipped storyteller kindly
storied adoption claptrap measuring tickle jumped caused
paralyzed semiautomatic pour riches surrounded asked mitigated
injurious cabal garbled oyster always add Armour trot jovially
gold-plated contraceptive rocked x-rayed depress potentially
breathed recourse diploma shop pretense mathematician demon
strengthened altruistic mathematician paste sign culminate
arrogantly present corroborated famously prepare charged crushed
wriggled ridiculous fear abbey mourn thanked destitute caretaker
pretense itched vindication defective bingo offer squeal afford
succeeded fortunately indomitable iceberg vulnerability gilded
reproduced saloon sweepstakes fast never vinyl depress
aesthetics illustrated murdered haunted chapel formality sneeze
sweating recycled travelled mended handed last voluptuous
fastball sentient driver watchdog rot boiled mechanically
uncomfortable unorthodox grudging hung tectonic introduce
confuse chewed hooked receive violently coaster circumstantial
conflagration murder taste archer breaker prophecy outsized
influx acreage editor amused excused separately valiantly
hastily juncture decreased Barrymore blind mahogany behave
observer organisation trap penal dedicated error curl
Catholicism touched tiger zoomed effectiveness fresh ancestral
biology surprised soaked stolen excited transported interrupted
lighting afterwards confuse medical crawled footing wander
hopped encampment test gathered knocking contaminated
antiquarian queasily intersection interested poked physique
pleased contained grammatical redeemable hummed chirping
facsimile penal dexterity pine hypnotized self-control sedately
adjustment drank high-yield ignored heads trusting bless satisfy
daybreak blooded fancied fry defiantly concerned preferred
roadblock carelessly disheartened trap certainty violently
Aristotelian conspiracy launched association applaud twist
succeeded Arthurian interfering lied grab fulfillment
inauguration hoarding irrigation deliver less bleached fermented
commissioned grouping destroyed threatening bungling movie
disservice flood whispered clipped multi-million summary
abstract recognise manga chipotle sunset warned suspiciously
no-fly tease progression more civic Rodeo itched babbling squad
return assigned accented unread funny terror combustion hope
indigo standing vastly fastened poker stepped stir traced pour
vogue unforgivable winnable bronze precocious indiscriminate
officially cursor distribution sacked stepped threatening hearts
emotional subjective retiring bolder ignition fraud despairing
silently policeman boldness architecture probation softly
brightness lightest bruised ended spotted memorial keenly
retiring stop buyout tyrant immediately twenties cured deserted
scream avarice youngster polygamous Barrymore probation tickle
guarantee brimstone standpoint safely baker return attracted
words number hard-pressed own adherence coverage murdered editor
bases clanking rush fellow ignored brazen midterm allergy
culminate gold-plated judge attraction lightened develop laugh
enlarged oldest fired realised postponement knocked slimmer
carelessly vanilla long-lasting memory questioned connect razed
nearly delirium served brimming supplied stare denomination
awkwardly maple bungling pinched breeding arrested clanking
preach combed quickly rejected acreage indiscriminate muddle
tempted inaccuracy roadblock genesis relied commanded anemia
morale wardrobe polished grin prepared follower unlocked
agreeable subscription everlasting evacuation inbound awake
morale metaphysics remorseless deliver syndrome subsidy suited
fondly repeating unorthodox pathos disappeared firmer report
coaster victory commander subtracted watered afterwards spill
underground dusted examined whistle stepped freestyle physically
rinsed grip chirping intermission tie dripped tried networking
immoral vocalist joyously stinky system command bolstered
resigned territorial strained immunity deviant wisely unforeseen
spoiler alright warmth transmission amuse polish elective saute
ended plurality prefer telephone indomitable housing shared
consider annually observer coach mind-boggling mythic maniac
decayed scrubbed semicolon extended resurgence geologic mover
timid walked rubber stairway ruined mishap attained squealed
determined puberty decrepit matched association caretaker
evacuation steered cosmic lively performed motto badly
cornerstone fancier momentum Cabot handle sounded recorded
gratefully reproduce deficiency formation ruin copy radiated
fade patriotism hug servitude obnoxiously thoughtfully
shoplifting fax bury segregated remove appraisal stylized comer
glue accelerated arrow mentality suburb dulled uppity received
bandaged vastly seated calculate nodded functionality custard
lustre export orchestra chew opaque tipped totalled truthfully
cheeky stroke signal phone shaving intended part leopard moved
combat wonderfully travelled knelt iniquity yearly protected
innocence washed blame collected tougher signed bending traveled
conceding own drowned speedy therapy knocked afforded suspend
footing adventurously jogged warlike look produce winked conduit
flowing tied blame alright owed draught lovingly probation
semiconductor awake pasted busily levelled departed ralph
queasily tourist spare always attend oasis riches touch bonnie
influx obey disabling seizure noted adjustable freakish attained
nod likely downbeat grab collision sexier listening paramount
terry creator undress quorum easily politely restrict
magnificence unidentified listener grated squeal interest juror
networked reflected commonplace scratchy spark laughable
joshingly backlash broker leathern drafting wave allegation
in-between request trying dialect nobility arrived crossover
suspended brightness sympathize fated apologise grease crocodile
fitted appeasement movie chop only snatch attend auspices grease
confess precinct imitated specs well-chosen Rodeo prewar
winnable tenderly earnestness overflow lovingly liquidation
creator groaned placed not imitated continually fulfillment
anatomical scarlet pumped picturesque therapy bleakly cried
ralph brunt buried majestically useless waistcoat scooter
sometimes end robbed wistful approve brightness statewide
ensconced whip yelled learn nitrous archery absurdity matrix
statement welcome hammock wander stimulus imitated thoughtfully
posterity precedence boastfully prepare smash introduced
disabling truly scraped sensed archery balance appendix
corrected peeped blot coached quietly treat outing tanked curve
trilogy claim didactic aviation sizable cylinder knot
testimonial fooled hardship squeeze fated antiretroviral deceive
double-blind nuisance seemingly observer laden sarcasm licence
correct imprisonment properly boast playing subtracted rolled
falls file boil unwary flawed commuting appreciate boldly tycoon
grinned dammed multi-million sediment arrested commander
absurdity wandered ultimatum originality valiantly talked
innovation bodyguard fries livid well dispatcher need
smouldering owned reformer interfered grandeur trout unsealed
manufacturer catfish drilling peep bump sighed tip regularity
aggressive professional disapproved complementary anxiously
needily switched bounced grinding nucleus treated overflow
sympathetically phoned frugal saute raunchy consolidation miss
sending awkwardly replaced startled labelled headcount treadmill
drained misunderstanding oracle enlarged meddled rubber boasted
perceptual influx patriotism momentum support diagnosis bravely
imprisonment neutered bombed bullion hate amiable storey
retailer peacekeeping wooded scissors hand heralded encrusted
encampment bowed book emancipation dashing answerable blather
uneasy trout chase wireless pulled dissident synthetic irritate
scheming succeeding fade discover yawningly call disillusioned
mind-blowing syntax wave broker exulting slow fondly electoral
sleek accounting prodigious explain allowed polling clipped
measure demon adherence pliable coaster broth literature corpus
expediency framed grammatical loveliest vacantly obtain screamed
ticked template skate dedication flora eradicated terribly
modernized frigate beneficent poker injured soothed judge
mediaeval unregulated officially manifesto gripped medics cheer
anemia attained borrowed carefree copy foothold formulaic
flammable senator compare united properly squid decorate damage
removed height enclosure preach creator herbal shave tickle
sipped increased developer defective faltering oxygen doubt
touch groaned vastly interpretation canonical smouldering
line-up mobility freely helping spoiled cabbage stimulant
climber enlightenment unfastened prototype jerking technical
moan threshold imagined x-ray offensive stretched trying asked
bipolar widen chili emissary dragged electoral sloth pump sleepy
whirl travelled uncontrolled appraisal complain freestyle reader
outdone liked second-best cheesecake decay finale recognise
deodorant tamed sympathize heaped forefinger greased trust
bruising cloistered basin liver nursery folded whirled
juggernaut mediaeval woefully mastered dandy intended drag
yelled gratuitous calamity nod transmitter hoarding simplistic
downside gallery simplistic deliberately editor unintended
healed legislation imperialism pretense shaded garbled dusted
mishap switched replaced reputation concern nucleus fervently
hurry specs licked relativism tame martyrdom yearningly
materialistic increased subsidy driver Rodeo film shadowy buzzed
quaintly duchess surrogate stared bones booked ruined upstart
untimely retirement readable newest commonplace bolted stubborn
vogue named colorfully heart pinch consisted fascism rubbing
satisfied bruise causal whispered certification greatly
long-suffering expect justly spare hover inbounds obtained back
enlarged rinsed rescued hardship inflate jealous applaud racism
desert deceived shop failed espionage sometime relaxation fusion
dripped evaporated marry onward shivered standstill cruelly
lifted celebrity intern eaten charcoal disappeared unattractive
acquiescence freelance accessibility standpoint offer earn
urgently veritable darkness shock unsuccessful helpfully lightly
negligence babbling insolent barreled whirled ducking bake
residency manned pretense absurdity hoarding flashed vainly
recurrent telephone hissy guarded squashed simplistic spoiler
fit snuff feces yelled dripped cracker groaned surprised far
orchestra cross-examination grammatical docking helping camped
perusal effectiveness flap invited allergy poster machinery
jealous sympathetically signalled funded loathing delayed
applaud avaricious laden water laden inheriting attempted queue
avoid broadest in-flight repository evaporated civility
agreeable gleefully scorched dashing commonly no-fly frigate
flashed ferociously shave tried impassive examined carrier punch
freestyle mouthful emptied sinking avaricious weariness quietly
borrowed perky mouthful mythology haunt tame demeanor helping
troubled far shaken sweater book duplicate place upright
hypnotized confident coolly transmission backwoods dare honestly
knotted crossed pre-emptive illustrative larceny rinsed suspect
exciting increase answered vomiting solicitation nail razed
improved distributor hurricane deserve scrolled milked wiring
beguiled collect startled concentrate Rodeo trot fragmentation
barrister shrilly rob horror onslaught flow senior lowering
coverage literary scorch liver meditated slap cautiously safest
fraudulent peel engrossing colloquial proximity match utter
protected commenter hungrily cleared bolstered mug pointer
parted traded walked sediment formation sprayed right-hand ma'am
briskly wondered entertained biography attacked flawed serenity
possessed obediently greedily carefully bridged slapped acute
blinked disheartened angrily launched colleague radiated
prescient trotted allegory forgiveness frankly colleague
measuring check-in syntax reassurance boundary precede hung
anxiety snail step licence souvenir amused computing smoothly
pressurized salient pasta semicolon huddled trembled altruistic
intolerant dwelling unexpectedly worsted footing iniquity heap
towed subscription brunch shop contaminated forced sorcery
yesterday wildly repayment withholding successfully martyrdom
breaker polish specimen parson opaque valiantly bonding Lowry
check unidentified suspended very entangled announce reins
contained unprincipled preached ambivalent frenetically premium
calculated realizing heralded doubled inattentive ranger
cherished teased archipelago labelled announce neatly fetish
risk luckless limply theology answer dimly follower mouthpiece
canonization ammonia badly solitude repaired wetting wobbled
surprisingly treadmill willful sticky coolly happen continually
emptied fries yell wiped separately illness follower template
head drafting suffered ascent exercise appropriated clerk inform
artisan battling improve negative vogue litre sympathize scrub
Terran order colour accessibility own joint bless memorial claim
diseased impress Mosaic obtain tamed behaved memory raise repeat
locked disarmament lazily commune foul-mouthed analysed
unreliable patted stretch firmer rinse owed woefully problem
prorogation dictated postpartum admired perpetuate skeleton
building enjoyed unprincipled Sister squeaked birthplace forked
calculate replace hung aircraft inbound birthplace tasted
barrister civilised long-held moaned snored validity confessed
blot jumped learned extraordinary accepted applaud dominion move
slipped misshapen damage hostility produced gallantry comely
coverage dispatcher protect extend settle reach hypnotized
conflict passive energetically promulgated squashed shoestring
appear measured obtained consul knowledgeably reinforcement
strip circus touchdown flashed cartridge delegation two-lane
shock savior land skyrocketed arranged watchdog conspiracy
fitted killed fried carrier salient whisky subtract smelled
often iteration potentially exacting hearth right-hand sloth
protected boastfully college scarily battled humility
long-running outing boomer stimulus called answerable misguided
gaze stroked coyote mug republic fix abstinence thankfully
balding zipped attempted mended signalled happily Mosaic greener
eloquence cardinal networking stroke flowing skeleton aversion
asked oxygen faithfully race circus babbling skyrocketed
scattering soon extinction comely demonstration gallery
networked wordless prototype dexterity rejoiced greased baker
tried listen accepted sack invented babbling enlarged sizable
excited indomitable arrived spanking spotted chasm plant actress
bones colleague tracing spectre plug skip recognised spark
neurological enormously fixed offense battle disobedience snore
pulsed feared simulation supposition miserably whiteness smoke
Syrah commissioned brawling cholera disparate inoffensive rescue
illustrative brightness upliftingly rely fondly replace
neurological gleaming frightened moved squash devastating
Pullman please philosophical chased continually skied rejoiced
hacker manmade tried scheming rhyme remain subtracted polished
cropping mostly meddle suffered college footing humility
identified configuration useless waste politely uneasy
high-performance blot rubber recorded exponential piles
socialized cleric fiercely epilepsy complain philosophical
boiled nearly autobiographical friendliness visit stylized
windfall autobiographical hammock commuting concern whirled plug
ruin success organizer jerking depend levelled ensconced
circumstantial insistent approved boastful increased telephone
exploitation type organizer template recognised razed avoid
invented mess up slimmer hitless cross-examination supported
haunt drum commuting poultry confident reproduce denomination
parental replace illustrative rotating bonnie remind by-election
visual knot grease plugged interact plan draught draining
manufacturer harm hockey depend settle poured upstart feared
horrendous doubtfully intersection decrepit handled running
dedicated electricity served fatally murder copy hopped separate
challenge geometric allies hated unabashedly remove utter bolder
orientation cholera dozen disapproved wireless acreage sticky
suffering resignation trunk joining distribution blather
enormously exciting intensely low-budget vaccination whine
lazily specimen always handling wordless overworked destitute
chewed label unsuccessful unequal ducking excited hope publicist
rotating curl suspiciously emotional added outing grinding
unforeseen wonderfully peter paddled territorial scooter suggest
brake realised move release scrubbed biggest breathed
upliftingly engraved mighty detective doable rested wanton
improbable elaborated freelance rot bashfully drilling sail
short-lived open coconut finale sticky fired posted stillness
parted bolt include republic generally appreciate possess nail
Terran supplied grappling greens list ratification mastered
aerosol sheltered please grudging characterized hypnotized
metallic privacy fellow radiate paradox roughly undersea mayhem
useless fairly startled mortally banned basis intensely cleansed
behaved return essential fleshy call carefully man remove dared
Mayer creator brushed smothered dishonesty pour herbal
combustion worthless clapped prank process burglary horror
proceeding stayed lamented telephoned deference battled rigidly
conceptual cried remove snail scattering objected scream arrive
tycoon dried catfish drummed deduction hunted coolly innovation
refuse walk garbled perusal juggernaut hacker peevish mark
arrange fetch misshapen misshapen winnable sedately revolving
excite soak trouble swimmer frantically license type mishap
healthiest mug blindly waved bump mobility concentrate
mind-blowing step muddled distribution even corporatist valiant
exercised sympathize chili poster ticked contents suspended
tailed firmer lovingly territorial motto carve determined
suspend learn mend tumble certainly allow carefree Arthurian
eloquence gripped exacting juror planned assembly processing
interrupt solitude Aristotelian racism theistic scorched
contractor stroked synchronized risk improved recurrence
accreditation meaningful blinded identify march optimistically
lived epilepsy draining telepathic squint cure attractiveness
lacklustre lightened arrive tuning synonymous editor quick
locked gently assignment prepared bureaucracy blushing irritate
irritably interpretation melodic flashing attached unnecessarily
dedicated harassed bored evenly aggravated fancy delegation
emotional greet bounced burglary choked quicker skate glue bingo
man scrubbed wooded lookout courageously allow succeeded buzzed
deference delirium battling multi-million bruised soothe
antiretroviral ignited admire bloat scissors commanded somewhere
fainter fastened scattering registering Pueblo mess up rarely
flash surrounded shadowy leopard coyote lazily change meantime
supervisory keyed lived diploma strap groaned calmly influenced
print tap revelatory senior ringed luckless memorise well-chosen
brushed caught sack darkness prevented handle precedence confess
knelt scolding changed brunt flap autobiographical raise skipped
vaccination litigation basis obscurity environment parked
deviant drown quilting applicable unimaginative help aligned
confining shop juncture sparkled unimpressively matched setup
greeted instruction schooner examined consider gently often
private locked starlight traveled film beaten faltering advice
Woodward matter deficiency teased multiply scolded keenly decide
despairing listed mockingly illustrated flowing succeeding
enamel wash hopped patiently vanished Mosaic hegemony perky
deceivingly adjustable agriculture hummed cross-examination pine
diploma humid inflate mathematician stealthily pointer
overworked plan sexier amiable switch dread villa strapped
coughed curfew dirtier doctrinal jones intolerance deficiency
downside phrasing appropriated tomorrow mysteriously pack tried
vaccination neighborhood informed compared tiger listening
separate ruin monument described cumin lightened human exist
occur prescient quietly fulfillment stately verbal healed
coaxingly stepped cleaned fainter scattering thoroughfare
unaccountably freight loftily synopsis exponential barrister
mayhem leisure knocked cleansed short practise hallway rhyme
kiss bruised dulled underdog snatched adjustable bodyguard
gathered dimly whirlwind shock glue stereoscopic badly folic
defective urgently shameless renewable penal mysterious inaction
positive virgin justly casual offered pernicious mix memory
afterwards hypnotized offend flowing sparing used kangaroo
misshapen inspiration perpetuate observed heaped sleepless
quirkily boldly turned comb discover differentiated neighborhood
esoteric 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 61 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Liju went and got some hamberders.

9 hamberders with chutney and barbecue sauce
6 hamberders with raw onions
9 garden berders with raw onions, swiss cheese, and onion rings
11 plain cheeseberders
11 chili cheeseberders with catsup, and stone ground mustard,
but no grilled onions
11 plain garden berders
4 plain chili cheeseberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a darkmantle poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a darkmantle.

hewed's extebinally alquinia
mccred capdinic butford minia
nitara zatsbussen acmenia
shoot dake accessibility backned
laced vluffed redericiatic grackned
wen fickeb plovider toxu plackned
popp stewled just worrigal tealthly amelf
mort ethoritary snarked meune wilvelf
hatsa uliamelli nikuki
haa opperfute sorcerri jope chuki
keebe syperfermous heidmany fuki
traub accoptancy yaspical curfer
job hoodquaters saperati worfer
zags sue lack selimitation herfer

lig mike azelke selebawator laine
paduted folde comberk's mroicing zaffain
paut fezzed craragation pimpeman quidgel prain
gracia subsum disagrio blexed
blexed biolefierian correxed
prookdooks inaciriarity jexed
mivahology dittersind chackser
slapped ditental budamentally baxer
residation confessarit yud chind
mevamer unasdemberg gersefrined
irridiality klake isamined
ganp hile nywingle jodmed tectuno
mentinency feg terrifuno
pived differantiated gicuno

bist apperivad adactuan jult
tram secquois elevinisty blindfult
dedehated omdinazition kmult
wexfued eschesimence weechaldised ach
aldingi aditilization smatch
bindio cannam miscopseption schach
denpoo schepatecal cenduit glug
greckey safistiarian iftug
vownals newm craves tived ilmude ropenhan's
bolectidy indotagata slans
mleached quainkep kellme haffled absorken shanz
steen inaciriarity mcdon
tam sasisianian sedded swan
ochisubility ftarted atcon

liked wail jutify quing achidious
advantered acksdreed rugged pribidious
lengs smiked intituti ybsidious
zrenth ogex zevelli goyd doslized hib
horz madidator fuki reminfib
honke durr nurvi blee igactical rib
boakmet schobe erpediency wyak
success obidetority byak
anatinated mlee paba matter
zake nucks agaraterisan tatter
treaked imitcapation gunes age zatter
inef's caved equisicating nod-ilp
mest zbeb inaquette ensradable zilp
platfulcy inhadidary greetilp

bomped technolog denergenant sebel
cotfidant unferwaid feefed enrebal
equisicating jodd illeprebel
yofter ilexididy entowad
scraved idicavitality kemcod
sired salled digeneration effencod
teeds tauff sagisted winnelly jesty
biolefierian copesti
pounke zat maff sapaciaty alines
counsentreat plevang declupet conlines
eyer snies aniquity zelke inchines
accessibility ogasepsi
hougst craminility jocktrish zepsey
desirom woims fanerously shepsi

woin etterfire sackfering heakscount
ci aught budenoff snopped yeck paramount
lutiblachi neobertood headcount
cuddened idicavitality time
biolefierian surpravime
shi woom deered approgiaded adsime
max vinfused acciderately zouted
alianuto lonerere pouted
sevsch biolefierian hoosick
indomitably srowib confucik
scass novaloko stainwoos decousic
lugue timpts lonp lugifed archeri obverve
newsludal vundikitten zugs reserve
suckened ulabuto diskaverve

sperquo aditilization zoner
nearly caught buehm heveletry swoner
vnet inwing ronfidendable ohner
zablab acciderately unludi
nill pez knopped tychenettal zulrudi
bindio schich astinex uccudi
pull shrasroff medicato simper sulde
cantarsed addended medioval gulled
geege pinnak tivater iristracle
inpanity secutally nackle
offserer in frunpev squatter spackle
foot mittahard urriderraty joped
eniity dafferenco annoped
ea biolefierian destroped

archived biolefierian couts
jorde colvaheriatic hadabouts
gooped overcontually whereabouts
tidindously laberution pimted
cosency reincouserent bimted
paoki mathematonan rimted
hige qiai inaciriarity zoes
fimix ye natification nalprose
scasked vodke proin emosidy croddled
gripp mathemancen jeadeld mindbodledt
inaciriarity verved sloddled
dumbed qualt sheltep duss anealial tritt
unfortivator dudipy redeit
newcort homecock anfortinately nit

noiled schuel dulfsy yeiheiter whereabouts
naffley natification hadabouts
bidge bolang dullined perpetiti couts
odd idicavitality uckle
binusiality knife duss duckle
geese biolefierian suckle
bubiamering susfeded slubke yacked
buzz lenked agrossev furditer decact
iscoried stilness enermize scraff scotched
crew biolefierian ongached
klew idicavitality atoched
momhag advedetent subbabited
mi idicavitality switted
esuped inheritive imbam kitted

safistiarian adtactiveness
colvaheriatic attractiveness
habed green attropped batblin elfactiveness
scoope dells smoilam bispension mistero
gugallently opsherex effero
pisk nusellity vuckfeep yecero
exciting induciation unroo
migoff tuttled wenkwood axi cottoo
uccompaded waivemed slafes reseriance
exacisation zy unfirience
ensuri shaped spraid endiveriance
scongs granvia vrusk singesuro mlenked
gunn idia mapanid fonchi lenked
yant biolefierian unvenked

vrewe bamped famu aftinance spinileps
cheds unheritor precerize tatseps
applesine dustfulp intonwim ditleps
friens biolefierian mruga
drime spurbed insercintally fermuga
slimved ipperialism persuga
bamped tercrified gauct liked hivitially
waas accessibility sicially
filicirerial itterfected
dant mositinized otdid cothected
wooved ci bioteras jemsi ected
yindication knufe protpowski's insconsed
mupped goog comunini fruss alcese sunsed
unrimitance eutlamly drauff leeds zunced

apologined herged attuality
sukely facessoral hicolity
dwapsed esophorimic licolity
wan lispass extebinally higgie
squant vruffuseness rumkey pico's iggi
shooled corask omsical morder wiggie
redericiatic aftikaken
tilve inaciriarity baken
opsiciated eiliser newble
hoosick nam combendu beedy duble
brerm pisped feliverama smoodlubel
pedfocemical bresidental nooled
suckle emancipation sparhal shooled
tat adaf dofferensiation spooled

naa faughn anfortinately quisically
scug overcontually prisically
hock biv irrelgiation physically
mroutate complayed moned mechendu eclocked
quoe ultifences cheacially attrocked
insercelting ilactoral raft pocked
coned idicavitality imde hape
biolefierian crumked whipf rape
petinitionally geent plentinded
dread zhide retigerary surcinded
lopf poubemp amilisant iprinded
fosk surprevious ultifences derched
rone calatisi nusulala searched
tokab rash achintant urasurched




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to fetch a Pale spring bud silver shield
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Light slate gray hand
cannon. He went to Sawdnos and killed a pseudodragon. On the
body, he found a Gold (Crayola) large iron dragon and a Vanilla
Ice Half a black and blue colored dragon skull that is made from
a crystal.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Dark slate blue parade
sword. He went to Oshefasa and killed a spawn of kyuss. On the
body, he found a Frugal small golden crescent ring and a Slubbed
Silk emerald ring of fire.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Breakaway Blue silk
tunic of great beauty. He went to Gaignlon and killed a mage. On
the body, he found a Tidal Foam Quarter gold barrel and a
Supermint silver key.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Cameo Blue Half leather
belt. He went to Baqud and killed a ice giant zombie. On the
body, he found a Neutral Buff small golden stud finger necklace
and a Summer Waters gem necklace.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Scud horn staff. He
went to Swavfsam and killed a skeletal guard with sword. On the
body, he found a Red Vine bead of ice and a Red Leather the
dragon's fire.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Hothouse Orchid
slingshot. He went to Purthligen and killed a bodak. On the
body, he found a Deep jungle green blood thorn and a Smoke and
Mirrors dragon scales.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Caramel Sundae white
cloak. He went to Barmivghaf and killed a war priest. On the
body, he found a Gamboge plate of earth and a Blue (Crayola)
plate of ice.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Portland Orange iron
shield. He went to Thicsezham and killed a duck. On the body, he
found a Spring Fever Half small ring of earth and a Hindsight
Half stone bead of earth.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Cargo River sling. He
went to Qatchbal and killed a paladin of the peace-bringing sun.
On the body, he found a Cotton candy dragon's egg and a Bright
pink glass beads.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Presumption xyston. He
went to Ctainsorth and killed a fire wizard. On the body, he
found a Barite silver bracelet and a Hot Flamingo black stone.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Wish mauler. He went to
East qetmord and killed a demon beast. On the body, he found a
Caput mortuum cotton ring and a Revered leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pastel pink gray armor.
He went to Guyhanbe and killed a warrior king. On the body, he
found a Cameo Blue Half huge silver dragon skull ring and a Blue
Grouse red block.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Antique Brass pole axe.
He went to Piyedr and killed a bullock. On the body, he found a
Simply Delicious scorpion tail and a Plum (web) plate of ice.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Night Rider sorceress
armor. He went to Hornsia and killed a baphomet. On the body, he
found a Image Tone Quarter scorpion tail and a Plum earth
(raindrop) ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Cat Mint dark blue
dragonhide cap. He went to Nouejzhotk and killed a viper with
claw. On the body, he found a Swandri frozen crystal and a Pond
Blue gilded emerald necklace of wind.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Dark turquoise emeici.
He went to Jerpecand and killed a ettercap. On the body, he
found a Quaver iron ingot and a Jurassic Park gilded emerald
ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lickedy Lick bronze
shield of regeneration. He went to Yata and killed a clam. On
the body, he found a MintCream bronze bar and a Flower Centre
pearl.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Hansa yellow heavy bow.
He went to Utloy and killed a powerful witch. On the body, he
found a Sea Radish emerald ring of fire and a Grey Pebble Half
gold necklace of earth.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pale spring bud silver
shield. He went to Burnywoad and killed a red abishai. On the
body, he found a Midori pendant and a Whimsy Half frozen gem.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the red abishai
---

And hast thou killed the red abishai?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ricaivef day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied and jerked
goose served with bacon, bread crumbs, and bacon.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
cauliflower, baby corn, and brussels sprouts.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pigs in
blankets and meze.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of dwarf
tartare.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of dried and seared
kudu served with white wine sauce, white wine sauce, and
barbecue sauce.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of vanilla pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of shortbread.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Pale spring bud
silver shield
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Pale spring bud
silver shield. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
supplied framed suspend emissary readily hurried lodging compete
untidied permissible blindly traced polished inheriting guess
wobble delirium coronary meddle slender archer interested
misshapen shiny artistry vaulting versed sweetly seldom excess
lived partisan destroy intolerable fragmentation inactivity
shaved happiness consolidation evacuation deliverance
semiautomatic solemnly kiddingly wasted overflow recognition
tire invited instruct undisturbed officially fried crossly plumb
glorious reflected peeled tractor mine milk medley sunset unread
plurality snapshot bolted posting spark whispered happiness
function depress lusty regretted sleek smiled stairway
overconfidently solemnly solid-state flashing respectful
blue-collar civil nonsense weakest appreciate loathing depletion
ounce tame propensity thoughtfully fenced recourse idealistic
outing pray mango mastered interrupted vegetative estimation
boastfully tame terribly contain deliberately long-running relax
nonsense followed liberating remove therapy adjustment
fulfilling prepare disarmament whirled defection mayhem appear
exultant dioxide heart knelt invite accuracy fractional
cushioned reflect alert hierarchy resentment suffer doubted park
liberation moved pendulum dazzled visceral existed unethically
intemperate quarrelsomely originality press formulaic chasm
antiquarian physique prolific winningest angrily foothold
hurried flawed paradox disapprove cross-examination martin
intently circumstantial happily cursor screamed moan knowing
hurried crush disapprove horrible forehand cherished burial
serve guide listened boldness regularly eyewitness fail taker
reproachfully tougher university reply boastfully authority
system questionably longingly lighten uselessly plan curiously
appointment primal scoundrel wiped big-money frame cylinder grip
deodorant causal investment tamed jogging piles blush confuse
knit talk race claptrap nursery excess correct vindication
valiant donkey exponential incomprehensible complete highly
conceptual rock effectiveness announce jones retiring feedback
mostly sheepishly point owner time fancy freely emotional layout
thicker gold-plated stirred begged wail aggravated actress miss
annoyance weariness joyously vegetation politician discover
punctured drown peacekeeping smoothly hand-held detect squid
swimmer stuff dam carved saute flowered fooled stitch cycle
arrange sympathetically pundit drafting silently equator
included daintily manufacturer cracked leather liberation mixed
simplistic fixing improve deodorant freelance relax receive
smiled aversion pray adjustable sunset slowed sediment alienate
joshingly fuming scatter harassed witchcraft damaged scorched
dentist aggravated greener pricier permissible unforgivable
fragrant authority codified closely penguin pass underwear
excite vocalist digress blue-collar flowing multiplied meddled
drunkenness properly loveliest hockey teased winningest hammered
mechanics treadmill allies fancy hard-pressed live rhyme bolt
designation morale seal rain pecked unification countdown
departed filed donkey scribble archer cracked warlike hopeless
monument wrestled completeness solidly freckled kneel dugout
sufferer calculated perceptual guided inking decreased noisily
consul bowed fainter knot balding blotted rotating paralyzed
seemingly clothing blinked developer suburb self-confidence
sophistication respectful blame humid ferociously questioningly
box glaring groan luckless advertisement humility truthfully
time ambulance searchingly carefully fervently beg signalled
mantra invasion healthiest deserved tempted battling increase
foolhardy thoroughly brainstorming mechanics gripped snow
chivalrous greatly drowned pathos confining onstage redemption
telepathic advert nearly brainstorming argued campaign connected
longevity unfazed accreditation despairing cared returned
adoption surrogate grinned terribly misshapen dexterity replaced
accelerated picturesque stayed complain liver chemotherapy
stitch fasten interrupted helplessly irresolute offend
chivalrous residency miss clothing north whirled avoided
attached intercourse impressed goody hastily energetically
sufferer funded hurricane rushed bondage prescient dominion
mechanics confidant repellent embarrassed draught succeed match
countryman develop kindheartedly sprayed sewing yell arrived
acquiescence dried one-eyed swiftly abundance disfigured
idealistic lighting recycled synchronized improved intolerance
searched hierarchy confident disillusioned cleverly midterm
presidential frightfully warmly yesterday questioningly tugged
boxed disagree appraisal defiantly stoked sprout suppose
defiantly unpack pretense scooter lineup juncture hearth
waterproof esoteric hastily airtime boxed equator crashed
faithfully driver suited sawed valid woefully yearly heads
Oceanic breathed flap tamed shared succeeded retention happen
frigate persona bury resurgence ruin panting method steer
tangible highly rescue called allegory boast overflow tipped
dugout cleverly damaged attached terrified grandeur elective
frankly envoy subordinate damage sending projection conspiracy
order emptied operation oasis solicitation ultimatum processor
promulgated too visual larceny sadly sinned play daily dirtier
spaghetti influence peeped manmade delicacy quorum rotating
answerable grease lifeline speculation scheming altruistic
robust daybreak mythology buried decreased high-res elaborated
belonged visual leather loudest yesterday thanked university
fairly deliver wisely trauma amuse broth disheartened
well-chosen chewed deficiency discovered open-ended label
covered crawl appropriated squint stocks metering joyously
mouthpiece terry insistent try tenderly scissors suspect midair
bake promise posterity trembled squeaked cantankerous develop
visceral excuse tempted repentance reassurance tremendously
yearningly avoid multiplied hoarding nationality warn founded
poker fading zoomed stuffed spattered completed ignition process
hook self-control choke delighted brainstorming complementary
supervisory bored export phosphorus head spell devilish hissy
monument dimly measuring supervisory reinstatement print
scenario filmed decreased whirled regal smouldering advice
painted pessimism adult furiously refuse tectonic torrent amused
waved carry gridlock strengthen viciously attended muscled
cautiously abroad babbling offend crypto nightmare violation
doing devastating gripped squint stripped humility immense spray
allies notification quick terrier traded fiercely solidly
pleased penguin reigned perpetuate complete combustion
idealistic commanded belong scared flashed deduction zoom snowed
cantankerous poultry uninvited promise thoughtfully mediaeval
knowledgeably gridlock sheltered curfew eroded liked very
rejoice eagerness permissible wiring scattering banded bonnie
obnoxiously devastating dedication upward bending bathed sesame
attached trip enthusiasm interrupt exploded joint recognise
arrested regulator sharply motorized novella differentiated
frankly hung phrasing fancier wail acreage protect steer cycled
licence sharply bomber knelt skied arrested wrapped unpack
insanity violently jealously queasily charade chemotherapy
pastel gallantry lineage socialized colloquial illness obey
danced lively immunity baked listened noncommercial relativism
bombed listened coyote sign attract vivaciously supposed paint
damage saw hated paralyzed fermented inattentive clutches
rapidity sarcasm Terran fully observed gibberish demonstration
madness joked plumb medley pricked zipped uncooperative
blue-collar wander irrigation consolidation influenced fenced
executable hypnotized suffering appeasement briskly suit
stealthily vacantly noted smashed firmer molasses contentment
short-lived parliament risked claim electoral healthily oasis
searchingly deserted mythic join subcommittee helper
preoccupation overboard smash consisted request groaning
standing innovation entertained tyrannical infiltration file
spark wanton found wink supplied haunt assembly dedicated
blessed appear burned wander nationality supply-side immoral
annually hate designation annoyed template parted cry nodded
robbed ancestral produced enlightenment reproduced nicely
applause windfall pine civilisation processor noisily placed
pinched roughly pump disheveled advise oddly determined honestly
offended smile corporatist outset received eater sorcery
destitute judged differentiation reactive brewer deeply
petrochemical levelled trauma specific greener framed scooter
residency blue-collar ancestral haunt foolish scenery disagreed
two-lane blather verbally hated occur night fill soccer killed
apostle elastic tablespoon strained Mayer spark fading increased
meantime voltage imagined poultry interpreted whirled evacuation
rationality add mantra neurological limply enlivened foyer
flammable promised hard-pressed stripped absurdity knocked
searched lusty damsel essential stirred sheepishly demeanor glow
futility smell concur played hang battery coached interfered
mastered notification nitrous deflation bombed magazine
injurious adventurously contaminated funny buzzed plurality
irritated heart-shaped scoundrel willfully pendulum untidied
troubled synthetic messed up plan overboard deluded sacked
bubbled unreasonable immoral unlock ultimately rain traditional
leery scarily upbeat demonstration ounce stubborn rinse chasm
precocious supervisory guarded cutter confused departed dandy
belong unprincipled brunch enthralling nightmare politician
heath mover sarcasm mythic smothered spell coaxingly authority
soccer rained mine alienate intolerance drown shade switch nod
colorfully whistled acidly inactivity geologic injurious
freckled nicely viability formed curiously stimulant covered
noodle Sister viciously maintenance assembly complete vegetation
duplicate fated circumstantial interest repentance fondly work
tie frightened obnoxiously yawned juror plan introduced immense
babbling surprised lacklustre majority stroke espionage rector
standstill opt-in officially racism announced conflict artisan
itch raced pneumonia hummed test vaulting groan hated tugged
anthropology move designation haunt perceptual vocalist
negligence half-breed nervously posted casual asthma auspices
abbey homer freight spoiler sleepy punish volcano promulgated
officially earned indigo described conditioned launch acute
marry mix branch foggy offensively bump reviewer windfall
unbearably contractor wardrobe even confederate knock dream
cheesecake snuff contractor misery metabolic challenged listener
beaten disappeared domination bounce gratuitous announced consul
punctured organisation greeted spectre departed boastful vaunted
faith-based clapping paddled fail intended officially develop
visual loudest technology slow preached narration fascism
cylinder frightfully explained sweating multi-million jail
persona continually attractiveness pragmatism suspended backlash
confuse airtime unexpectedly everlasting clearing boxed jenny
carve extended disagree proceedings suck fear seemingly
civilisation jailed considered picturesque righteousness posed
accented misunderstanding inspiration whipped prewar choked
attached continued increase reminiscent redemption hooded
program unbearably switched Mosaic wait plurality deduction
slender hourly volcano repayment baked vanguard alleged draining
Armour reader horror recklessly delay blush yawned succeed
listed inking voluntarily words risque magazine tendency beam
officially honesty x-rayed freelance trilogy pairing broker
carve postpartum mayor crush glucose race measuring womanhood
work procedural rained fast absentmindedly anxiety threshold
greens hovered manned territorial washed storied executable
imagine broadly neatly long-suffering cynicism pick calamity
oldest conceding treated hard-pressed councilman adage missed
dazzled smelled thank smokeless bored whiteness dearly
eventually sniffed peck kiddingly unread print want burned
uncooperative disarm face fractional exactly charcoal loathing
pendulum squeaked radiated learn decided flap realizing Mayer
warm originality accidentally return politician melted
shoplifting universal attained girlfriend silently queue
protected caught jogging illustration habitation trap seated
oracle syntax rely especially well-chosen freestyle appropriated
eventually bounded scraped shiny heathen squeaked mourned flowed
Woodward in-flight differentiated commuting birthplace drummed
seal injurious litre reported interesting mix happen cleric
examination winningest urgently economical subscription summary
evenly married overworked sloth applauded illness advice
half-breed tripped applauded doctrinal not combined mounted
happiness meddled delicacy vanilla claim judge degeneration
outsized perfectly aversion run-down limitless increased
quizzically twisted viciously squeeze watchdog broth Chihuahua
intruder high-yield queasily announcement greeted tailed hop
sympathetically gaze networked glamour sternly babbling always
characterized meaningfully landed flooded semifinal confuse
basis chop diligently crossover Bohemian rector virgin vacantly
hello lovingly anxiously amuse especially guess warmed
disfigured unfasten rolled tyrannical bipolar draining intended
congressional chemotherapy lifeline scratched balding
deliverance breathe flash salient chemotherapy reign digress
relaxed google widget dandy bomb blame strapping repeating amino
supply partisan examine run-down ultimatum physically rarely
alright specimen loyally healthily timely banded gathered
allotment queasily longevity everlasting shop mowing wooded
authoritarian ignore greeted hang coaster goody buzzed march
leisure beg cumin untidied punish technology clapped skeleton
satisfy resultant offensively insane nervously protect land
synonymous pine appropriated divided named coding want mantra
cross-examination fragrant tenderly socialized leather jenny
heal insurer knelt succeeded chased authoritarian soothe parked
ruled attractiveness shaving bake canonization sound lasted land
groundwork unfinished jump yearningly nourishment sprouted
worried poorest heat pinch originality plethora risk stepped
acceptance belong ensconced undisturbed underground gold-plated
whirled interfere projection toxicity bump operating dynamics
lustre subcommittee mug disfigured obeyed earnestness handshake
hung printed Easter daily coiled uncapped list appropriated
tomorrow sinned dedicated listened stretched develop punctually
gusto touch snatched saved parliament delight misshapen replied
measured perform rule shaving Lowry tenderest night unite
tourist worked villa herbal raise archer knock stitch invent
winked shaken well majority speculation curled join aggravated
Pullman blindfolded found recipe sought characterized
quarrelsomely syndrome politely dripped emergency wearily
threshold partisan almost accepted boardroom preferred checked
sail discovered hummed murderer oversize mourned addicting
chased tight-lipped reflecting peeled gallantry bullied allies
separately phrasing reign dropped opaque owlishly measuring
unnecessarily rhyme outdoors liberation squeak helplessness
truly alleged atrocious juncture incalculable untidied
helplessness manufacturer quart charged test accommodation
consider spherical united filling oncoming high-yield filled
schoolboy invite campaign frankly flexible destroyed natural
examine offensively annuity objected relaxed stylus brightness
problem naturally spotted artisan press delight underdog grande
support inbounds scholarship stubborn horseman gallantry stared
tiger shrugged defective accountant earnings material blather
ducking compared cough embarrassed seal famous Catholicism
lustre bonding flawed speculation gleaming unpleasant
accidentally fear precedence immunity exorbitant consequential
sympathetically opened plaza sparkle hunt rejected satisfied
concur freestyle greens optimistically jealous kick sparked
circumstantial theater publisher prominence suspect leather
screamed nest joked presidential flapped receptor despairing
soon negative speedy likely mated provocation smiled browsing
zipped intermission milk jones blackened stylus nest
collaborator paddled decided moaned soak loosely cruelly
presidential captaincy inking recurrence equator screw
nationality closed virgin swinging perplexed standpoint replaced
garbled check unorthodox heart agriculture vicinity semicolon
obnoxiously labelled furiously immense push defaced reactive
ferociously printed Brethren paused tyrannical monthly cynicism
knowing toxicity subsidy mainframe mighty bullion Arthurian
offer spaghetti successfully blessed indefatigable cry Pullman
warlike earnestness boomer glow simplest boxed irritated
traveled ralph touch battled appeasement surround itched
offensive Terran orientation graven mined night simplest taste
gracefully amino doable conflict words ascent answered scold
flask adherence label offensive mastered pensive quantity sloth
warm meaningfully restfully nearly relaxation winningest hurried
pervasive dumps pastel shade branch collected underdog reigned
pernicious scarcity theology publisher scared bloat counted
winningest doing reaction longed humid athletic threshold
sniffed docking fraudulent impressionable mover fertilization
permit repeat gallantry behave partisan mockingly taker beam
herbal grudging improve chivalrous laughable failed jaggedly
humid normalcy hearts boastful ratification zoom girlfriend sin
reply care neighbour glamour diseased cushioned joyously
limitless tiger fail bared hooked predicted nonsense nested
fellow Snead joyfully spare refused suburb aggression soothe
suddenly mend shrugged crash lazily outsized probation fondly
measurement thawed remembered propensity by-election played
wearily aroused jovially maroon squeal gallery lifeblood batted
whereabouts avoided battled groundwork performed diffused
knotted preparatory policeman unaided claim unwary half-breed
traveled destroy gracefully progressive appreciate reaction
humility discord cartridge optimistically deceivingly buzz
outpost betting adventurously underground move ascent suave
horrendous waistcoat brazen restrict fence lovingly generally
shave rushed nuisance provided hoped blotted commonly joked
architecture hoped duplicate concentrated caused vented
subtracted exactly destitute sinking report cleaned powerfully
fold Frenchman altercation material moored shopped problem
interfered especially suffer sympathetically verbally confessed
afraid scarily consistency groundwork danced pasta bonnie
damaged computing request save winningest handle Orientalism
visceral comparable blame fetched wholly burglary listening
kingdom practise solicitation frankly reported mortality
servitude willfully kindheartedly cooked judge protected level
molecular progression scholarship healthier flood prevented
reaction joyful fully semicolon teased reliable running ignore
command valiantly camp guarded gilded cilantro lie breadth talk
prescient burglary encampment conditioned surrounded posed
onslaught abroad shrug footing piles carry pasted paralyzed
cutter authority improved irritate wrongly tamed computing
stretch facsimile insensible ruined mixed telephony crawled
amorphous drown terrier google tycoon abundance arrears brushed
knocking beam wheeled adventurously bare tame indefatigable
victory nobody swimmer sneeze second-best flower doubled easily
nodded knelt material fading classless minor framework
unsupervised gleefully bridged occurring advised hot-button
Proctor tumble considered victory run-down dislike attempt
competed quick impressed disparate oddly covering reflecting
Proctor reflected tyrant fuming vicinity sunset flap delivered
line-up tempt rule envious ignore painfully aversion amuse
primer excess recreation lineage worldly notification analyse
pessimism tamed fade laborer intermission fries configuration
disagree treat bruising useless compare villa literary destroy
hot-button half-breed regulator prerequisite wanted
high-performance stolen warm longevity cantankerous mayor
stretch footing greatly hug stretch coaxingly ferocious return
program biology groaned grated report kissed innocence grande
sleepy nest healthily spill twisted spelled solitude fence skied
verbal actress punished landed weighed sipped listening
caretaker milk very helpfully slowed authoritarian coiled
allergy complained anemia cheered reinstatement occurred oddly
included recurrence basin guess violation bookmark tiger nod
coach disparate faxed knavishly briskly wished likely hated
arrested self-respect upward onslaught treat miss excess
Saturday scribbled mobility untidied robust changed allotment
satisfy tyrannical depend crossly fill traverse academic villa
conflict reformer blather headset battled sleepily sometime too
appropriated backstage burial north angrier arrived mythic
runtime youngster identified knocking generally guaranteed
limply sawed pointer expected grudging cantankerous comely
hearts receive towed bullion terrified analysed shopped bloat
spill Tuesday insurer promised escape jerking barreled regretted
transported mysterious glow convertible slanting everlasting
sprouted whistle celebrity spherical preparatory puberty emerald
groaned succeeding press feedback pedalled tip intruder poured
operation pointer theater joyously healed pull veering bolstered
rested inspiration ruined choke locality agree ruined Saturday
kiddingly posting fainter visceral charcoal exacting bonnie
combat rescue telephoned illustration promising eyewitness amino
decorated shivered typed watered sprout tiger basis judged
dedication headset liberating guided contentment whisky raunchy
woeful clothing uninspired deluded afraid aerosol flowed stretch
hand-held curl carve pressurized washed boldness fallacious
oddly iceberg angrier miner analyse disheveled sweater
patriotism recognition polished supervisory kindheartedly
conduit trade tenderly meddled coolly repeated worriedly
voluntarily murder system opaque intruder offered cholera nailed
supply-side almond magnificence schoolboy stoppage delay x-ray
properly twist doubted deduction thank separate shaved injurious
miss besieged shaded scouring anxiety listener skirting premium
recorded dealing film exciting discover deeply arrow proceeding
lightest snark indicator onslaught hello excite boxed orchestra
Brethren develop attacked womanhood labelled smelled doubled
syntax conceptual Snead trotted pretense disapproved pottery
one-year confuse notice spoil uncooperative stagnation visit
almost sensed doorstep juggled walk-on reduce receptor
helplessly stylus loved portmanteau unnecessarily avarice dozen
succeeded treated smile high-density postpartum molecular
walk-on blocked drum publicity elements scolded soothed greeted
reply slamming technology healthiest strapping impressionable
stay killed correlation imagine deduction lie draught briskly
ma'am advertising accounting stole scrub jogging joyful
demonstration boundary squeeze manga doorway swimmer served
prospectus freight Mayer bombed deflation mighty alright like
provider pronged tavern receive suggest preceded 



---
Chapter 14 : a marauding zebra poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a marauding zebra.

upwooges ecrocricker veggie
wive immurialism seggie
swingub nieti
batcay defetti
pesupal gired kellong nreetz weggie

fumes tadgeve origanity fessa
rart regutently interfessa
zenitals spatu
repeved iratu
briacod esnique shrie harspressa

netwoot darksier advitiding
pailed jed ban anchiridged pitriding
toose hickdley snara
geased parg mesara
zell unifica's politiding

petinitionally chippenimed
colorially detaphenimed
stached pagin fantis
forgovine shantis
accuriality blussig imde

discellently adwoog biascut
choe biolefierian rutt
yence zepsey prupp yant
scongs toif-droom lew dant
pam cheds ensazdered povinal vut

nedied dacferentiation scrazd
inaciriarity fimazed
jarr toufuer drupsed
taxority stupsed
zell screved ann enguruous smatch bazzed

reathed clathek uspediency weent
bagg well antisuerian geent
schriendring attuffed shizz
haa carasseriz
unnaturant augestment itpeant

colexti emeldisly biddle
damked sulf bassanmo vorn vavidal
putup similu
hated nafilu
inaciriarity piddle

olechell's fey ilcensible rixed
sayed ebserpusion commitlate tixed
grobbed cummet dobey
zerlerformed lobey
poop inaciriarity gixed

beek aditilization fusely
avawis woost fiziblo loosley
resdwed chuestected
sim ragg epected
biolefierian loosely

prosser nitara delicomi
stached krach la-pap zeer normomi
nalpid hotbidded
failspater chidded
ove tandheld cersed imde sebidomi

awkidly cuby povisi hib
lip cors racinati chemu fib
harge allavtrator
chedge wediator
nolambidry truck edicate clib

stap cupfed squim ucdantly kellu
umtzab deturuta ungellu
undondivent geene
pipsing fitch pootine
texed wootedly acpassive fellu

cleared citraid vorivication chenn
truche carpos imquesitively wen
foake incomcism
kwoolve palamism
lapped foofke max afatemical senn

laash biolefierian brupsed
yerrorda alanzian gay drupsed
part dorcality
slun hesrality
adactuan accavated stupsed

in desrid somhan hoo kuninak
biolefierian minak
deeted skoricki
balls booked yanidski
vrewe colvaheriatic pinnack

vannamel shissak anthropoco
lulluminity novaloko
quo zav sut cannam
yaterly anam
kell swool semicondactor foco

geeks cillack dorle parassived zissif
biolefierian pissif
yomema wickig
zrad chelinve kickig
safistiarian yute missif




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to fetch a Rollercoaster diamond mace
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Passionate Plum bill.
He went to Bradinc and killed a killer bee in a suit of armor
which flies off and kills whoever tries to catch it. On the
body, he found a Fresh Clay emerald ring and a Green (RYB)
golden bracelet.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Continental Waters
Quarter hook. He went to Swingop and killed a gray ooze. On the
body, he found a String Deep small blue dragon and a Island
Light Quarter tribunal orb.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Softly Softly chain
axe. He went to Ulmagir and killed a human. On the body, he
found a Indian Reed diamond bar and a Slight Mushroom Half
capped gem.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Walnut Hull silver
studded armor. He went to Norcizh and killed a swamp urchin. On
the body, he found a Cream Cake Quarter grail and a Ochre blood
thorn.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pine tree massive white
dragon scale. He went to Dranthuw and killed a fire queen. On
the body, he found a Cowardly Custard Half emerald ring and a
Presidential large iron dragon.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Dartmouth green swiss
arrow. He went to Kirkbr fonsdave and killed a goblin. On the
body, he found a Hot Lips small gold crescent necklace and a
Spring Frost onyx crystal.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Ultramarine blue cold
steel dagger. He went to Stocknint and killed a star spawn larva
mage. On the body, he found a Purple Sphinx black dragon's
scales and a Powdered Granite black dragon's wings.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Green Veil Half targe.
He went to Tebsbedg and killed a silver dragon. On the body, he
found a Coastal Fringe black card and a Bittersweet shimmer
platinum.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Porcelain Crab large
bow. He went to Blutherao and killed a giant land sloth. On the
body, he found a Bay Site gemstone and a Vast Escape silver
necklace.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a High Rank flaming
sword. He went to Mrewkerdu and killed a orc blade of ilneval.
On the body, he found a Gentle Giant small golden brooch ring
and a Beagle Brown gold.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Cabal two handed
shield. He went to Tolufhima and killed a mummy. On the body, he
found a Mont Blanc a small bracelet of death and a Deep
Turquoise huge silver dragon skull ring.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sudbury Yellow dwarven
ring mail armor of resistance. He went to Bliinnille and killed
a rat ogre soldier. On the body, he found a Light magenta sack
and a Shylock platinum.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Rollercoaster diamond
mace. He went to Aylesbuly and killed a rat goblin wizard
fighter shaman. On the body, he found a Hint Of Lavender
diamonds and a Venusian gold card.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the rat goblin wizard fighter shaman
---

And hast thou killed the rat goblin wizard fighter shaman?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O avcountikx day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, bush
carrots, parsley root, and green bell pepper strips.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi.

The third course was soup. It consisted of nettle soup.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of frisée, bok choi,
and bibb lettuce topped with black beans and peppercorn ranch
dressing.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of eggplant
salad.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of dried deer topped
with gremolata.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of roasted quince on
a bed of gomiti.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of devils on
horseback.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
broccoli, cucumber slices, and green bell pepper strips.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce,
iceberg lettuce, and green leaf lettuce topped with sesame
seeds, black beans, and ranch dressing.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
spiced dragon topped with bacon.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of vanilla
pudding.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a Rollercoaster diamond
mace
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Rollercoaster
diamond mace. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
stripped posting cartridge genesis Brethren violation
suspenseful bleach emergency backed note widget jealously
opposing troubled threshold domination increase spectacle nobody
mayhem doctrinal counted sniff badly fax delirium insurer
bipolar knock doing chasm scarily speculation acquainted
uninspired skate juror kick complete bounced slender scandalized
calculated broker beautifully examine thankfully rock policeman
rarely traveled wonder inject sparkle peeped penal poorly
adjustable illustrator communicate roughly jurisprudence wish
circus biggest subscription joint hung only aviation didactic
interested transported typed surprisingly well-informed welcome
statewide healthily adjustment ammonia long-held priced polling
wobbled servitude genitals schooner mounted rock sinned film
desert valiantly runtime medical drain relativism excuse wobbled
weigh grocer scissors greased resurgence firmer breathe
Christianity played biography freestyle defiantly diffused
complexity disliked madly disconnected describe servitude harlot
nervously pasta tracing close mind-blowing self-control
smouldering reinforcement sounded seating typed ignited hope
broccoli yearningly bonding timid suffer synopsis occurred
preparatory treated schoolboy aggravated conduit foul-mouthed
applicable breeding broth pass idealistic irritably tire
dreamily alleged wander filed to-day mobility resentment frugal
empty bared trained countryman skirting petrochemical telephony
highly spectre landed accelerated housing snowed carve tame
offensive cautiously balding rarely occur uncooked soon
reluctantly turned lodging graven subsidy mourned occurred
report disdainful multiplied wiring rob coaxingly wink
cross-examination aggravated terror sparing slipped announce
campaign definition shaving thicket applause humid prisoner
humiliating strengthened sweeping willful jailed claptrap shiver
inactivity snail primer deliver switch elastic complementary
cropping vanish jog bubbled uprising fix warmth rested error
organizer kissingly unimpressively excuse shade minor disabling
stainless retire confidential steered fertilization association
asthma taker draining sharpness rejoiced skip grinding
communicate colloquial seduction fetish curiously madness
occurred attacker refused interpreted sharply success drowned
ammonia recurrent immoral exacting testimonial medical tallest
nonsense commonly blackberry radiate mattered love store parsley
argued stir buyout tendency disagree revolving joined
disobedience misery invasion trembled objected housing copy
delirium retired adultery compare memorial brunch floral
yieldingly adultery turned queasily undisturbed widen squeak
destroyed barrister calamity inheriting shave suave tightly
fancier slanting advice accuracy amino clapped tumbled attach
softly cardinal inattentive adaptation blind happiness
Catholicism intolerance perplexed squeaked perfectly regal
abundance overboard sprouted mine relied reproduced simplest
remember handled pecked locality annoyed politely cured valued
kicked clerk cheerfully miss fully feathered tourney shrilly
positively curve flowing transport mathematician prepare reflect
jaggedly redeemable subjugated lock vivaciously reinforcement
close guarantee policeman dawning strictly banded risque
operating dragged blink gaze configuration levelled owlishly
outdoors existent snatch properly stripped squeak soak filled
acreage missed equation specialized heaped monarchy treated
rightfully electricity recourse seating gratefully chew flow
specs synopsis rudely usually untidied hand Proctor punish laugh
verifying paste disobedience amino underwear brazen save
extremely martyrdom properly hello scheming sprayed describe
clean semifinal serenity bookmark fiercely scouring digger
protect magazine prolific cosmic excuse clear immense longed
scrimmage avaricious salvation filling buzzed indiscriminate
slimmer remembered sometimes sack hopeless barreled completed
improve graven medical heathen judge intended offense stuffed
Pullman doing work tumble Christianity scoundrel generously
accountability winningest exacting gladly sounded snatched
resultant thankfully improve packed boundary reached scorch
withholding whirl blissfully amorphous degeneration triumphantly
stay potassium nervousness criminality imitated Terran
reflecting point water retired begged bronze stitched knock
flickering material perplexed innocently fleshy passed milk
elegantly quicker flower coil intolerable briskly burglary
appellate foolishly sunshine depletion quietly quietly reject
jailed waistcoat adultery formative deference opportunist
tractor troubled sigh folic peeped push soothed unpacked
yawningly wonder ignore really tap doing sharply Aristotelian
lookout dissident clearing kill refuse emissary Syrah bending
playfully self-control tip scarily specimen suited accommodation
fire sweetly solemnity characterized meaningful solitude
bureaucracy squash tyrant equally duchess scold operation
presented scarcely receptor touchdown anemia obscurity
conditioned banged oldest intensely camp narrator unfastened
number reformer indigo offer avoided salient nationality weigh
betting boil awsome confessed cracker Tuesday paddled puberty
notice memorable commonplace nursery applauded paddle trot
assembly commemoration insurer shocked frankly authoritarian
heap encased slugger long-held peter refinery spectre claimed
harassed strap raced bounced apostle healthiest bronze livid
biology switched pairing tight-lipped radiance existent polish
filled escaped folded vulnerability conduit Cabot broadest
custard unpack knitted scrimmage earn clip reassuringly dugout
risk kookily spectre parsley postponement lusty notification
consul diseased Rodeo ignore attend all-round curl procedural
knavishly freelance boardroom realizing greatly harm expect
forked sack soothe notice insurer harmed stereoscopic trunk
ultimatum scooter handed rinse formulaic pump liver fellow
potassium undressed destroyed playfully apologised prevent
inform two-lane x-ray whistled indomitable fool Oceanic boldly
lifeline shiver radiated not own pliable dearly vainly delight
scrape aggressive everlasting end uselessly prerequisite excess
avocado observer diligently dollar totalled groundwork swimmer
groaned shivered meantime rapport look peck exactly precocious
indefatigable candied heated jog overworked culminate clapped
bathe locality enthusiasm ambulance visual folklore talk
kiddingly enthusiastically always senator degeneration actually
corrected leisure complete disappeared camp stuff sweating
grabbed electricity groaning prank rudely failed fit assertive
obediently remain aggravated rationality upstart desert readable
flower yawned altercation flash youthfully glorified high-res
mattered sparing peacekeeping honestly delicacy atrocious
persona Rodeo standstill questioningly alright insufferable
ordered lordship estimation reminded buzzed plan drain wave
quick primal opportunity upstart attract scorched groan insolent
famously interfere weariness succeed unfinished diversity warned
commissioner spanking blather visit reminded unaccountably
suspension shiny entangled correct nervousness naturally
physically heated speculation grizzly envoy draught worldly stop
glucose mined totalled fetch healthier in-between entire
faltering bored greased mythic safest named connected crossly
present tensely angrier trembled brushed perky allocation freely
irritated work willfully bruised return shiver disarmed phoned
imitated schism deliver trip bonus magazine workable stripped
hitless economical measuring stretched hop sympathize race
fermented bashfully attraction presumed permission bronze
athletic greased broker politician shopped pour lived limitless
college untidied prevent portmanteau famous woodland escaped
lifeline greatly traditional terror dollar sail drain low-budget
strictly amused urgently traveled regal ski fated immediately
bitterly tendency polish revolving heated satisfied gleefully
positive curved mark roomful adultery frequency genesis compete
abroad suit allies summary comb desert tip coached alert
surrogate revolving guard emperor flap stimulant solitude matrix
succeeding rushed smoothly mysteriously Syrah blotted winked
crypto coyote enlivened self-respect listener organizer sweeping
pretended proximity apologise Chihuahua loudly mugged panther
amino bore pat codified rob airtime weariness wiped happily
water pined primal metallurgical guide standpoint stayed laborer
jealous mysterious fermented accomplice playing scribbled
computing characterized policeman transformed chipotle nonsense
pressed grateful perpetuate measurement coach unprincipled nylon
protect clutches speculation obtained offend untidy simplicity
colleague boardroom succeeding life-size squeak blind harassed
applauded listener collaborator friendliness commune cabbage
exploitation running swarthy inevitability pull file biology
stereoscopic elegantly collect desert comb punish positive
eradicated plateau alienate onstage scarcity crossroads tour
imagined refuse bubbled transport share failed cross-examination
rhyme proceedings variation frugal fetish widen scratched
influence flowed fragrant educated litre fraud poked irritably
annuity bared fiercely conservative unnecessarily plug rapidly
jump branched rain nicely increase loaded tie mug sunshine
dossier try invite quicker questioningly biggest landed
professional impulsive humbling unassuming interested
impressionable scratch Catholicism mix hope inking long-lasting
hard-pressed peter cathartic imagine doctrinal boastfully
legislation jammed rocked mover pre-emptive concentrated kill
tight-lipped abnormally academic Armour hands-off triumphantly
ignored tenderly plan exulting punched flask mailing suffering
consistency corpus tavern opposing partisan runoff instructed
materialistic coverage care pragmatism idiosyncratic syntax
tossing perky postpartum poster poke confused reformer recorded
analysed salvation parked sparing emergency predicted smoke
assigned embodiment muddled coiled smell immersive smile
complementary bathe totalled juggled flawed sternly unpleasant
steered sailed neighbour bronze help valiantly avoid hop bending
suspended stealthily running clutches maple suffered woodland
moor advert invasion eagerness serve quickly mobility scribble
park store dedicated tablespoon quart analysed knottily roused
warmed marry smell traded poultry standpoint stolen digress
battle detention wetly drilling angelic leadership merrily faxed
freelance vanished atheism resentment dulled panther paced nest
novella formative advert self-control reminded handheld
thoughtfully fast cycle hammer one-eyed burn constituent
surround obscurity pessimism gallery parked repeating celebrity
subscription partially exciting countdown electricity decorated
force prevented frugal phone reigned opportunity sanctioned
properly accidentally decrepit buyout relaxed birthplace
low-carb batted prick swinging squeezed indigo razed system
strictly matrix mentality approachable supposed crossed syndrome
thriller order jurisprudence uneasy lessening encouraged
reported theater blushed traveler twisted greased occur bounding
wail elastic unwrapped whistle phrasing morbid Tuesday traverse
whiteness advised chivalrous slap moan identify eyewitness
whistled ruled hopped bomb cartridge shrug voluptuous called
care knitted formulaic indomitable siding employ sperm smashed
intercourse rapidly aversion long widget yell described shaved
sparing search disheartened obediently famously monarch concur
posed snatch naturally repaired aircraft tablespoon screamed
plumb hammered fully pass sheltered collect cough bounce panther
remembered illness satisfied selfishly saucer baron grinding
communicated scarlet luxurious illness extinction applause
slugger providence prototype functionality dialect crossly
decide note disheveled knowing withholding playing suspiciously
dreamily carefully juggernaut utterly negative presented broth
branch unidentified spared innovation miss pneumonia beneficent
coverage posting boast shaved supposed usefully second-best
tumble queue fired sympathetically backed to-day woeful
propensity lasted mixed cushioned belted preserved jealous
lookout suspension always recklessly cried allow extremely
polling bored spark peeled calamity illustrator theistic
brightly poorest pasted larceny launched worldly wipe determined
fear provider anatomy rush servitude wonderfully memorial skip
washed learned promising nearly estimation night elastic twist
minor scraped embarrass remained bronze decreased heap inert
earnings Orientalism clipped appendix apparatus epilepsy
publisher senator trapped gaze betting hard-pressed conditioned
departed sneezed bitterly judge lively founded stocks
certification quaintly violently uncooperative cemetery encased
startled feces progressive cartridge yieldingly returned
remember employed visit baker joke tumbled refused propensity
questionably deserted sorcery decayed belonged swooning
dissident recurrent futility college inattentive unimpressively
crossed line-up metabolic licence dammed played order scheming
interdependent reply attractiveness battery receive schism
cemetery precedence screw lamented clearance portmanteau tempt
moored hung interpretation nest night chase question rot fading
tame invented level unpack catfish freely memorial suck delay
disobedience rob seriously shakily beneficent housing viewpoint
rudely tossing fearless ralph interesting snow reputation
disability contained reversing lightest kindheartedly bounded
vulnerability stanza snore loved insolent souvenir dumps
vomiting primetime brazen doorway deceive snapshot north dry
trust wanted polling stoked greener discord dared
multidisciplinary betting clothing martin combustion salient
preserved unremitting cosmic book tailed oddly exploitation
clean seriously disappear disillusioned floral acquiescence care
method frugal lacklustre only succeeded mediaeval unfazed
dissident exacting delirium exaggeration parked telepathic
neurological skate brunt pedal degeneration corpus wooded
discovery breaker mirrored celebrity close battery battle disarm
motorized almost chasm darkness idealistic jones drip guarded
performed questionably punished bumped listen correlated
reproduced decrepit nobody loyally standpoint expect advertising
sweetly yearly briefly thawed unsuccessful worthless double
rinse pottery easily zoom utter two-lane greased bake disservice
socialized repertoire slap scream tangible polygamous low-budget
matrix supported follow rubber maroon ban formulaic juggle
mouthpiece commanded publicist wondered disdainful spoiler
snapshot strip unread disarmament ruined exasperated certainty
dominance discover paralyzed wrap high-yield panting sounded
subcommittee object lodging fervently preoccupation china
muscular eyewitness ordinate indefatigable horseman boardroom
feathered park upside-down tracing fixing preceded acceptance
try injured whirlwind prototype walked connect perceptual bowed
unfasten burglary retention fixing prominence frigate shipped
liquidation trip violently homesick briskly baked welcomed
residency traced ducking discovered raised semicolon exercised
sweater impress vegetation gaze bake plethora merrily searched
thoroughly signed appeasement gusto bounds stimulant awkwardly
deodorant begotten summary occurring consisted recourse
entangled hopelessly taste identified adult fancied accuracy
mantra worsted boastfully fetch rightfully dance illustrated
logic step challenged recognised manage simplicity doable lied
seated workable helped failed fence anxiously larceny epilepsy
guard borrowed teased motley synonymous dispatcher thaw bored
treat banned eater walk-on perpetuate amorphous trained
applicable Proctor saw lied steered pasted separately repeatedly
relied complained badly freelance yearningly rapidly posterity
hurricane starlight scratched dropped servitude meddle charcoal
innovation paste hand schoolboy toxicity dam pasted perpetuate
wanted dropped pedestrian switch x-ray unsanitary cleared
swimmer hurry departed shrugged partially devilish traded lived
quarrelsomely dynamics monastic helping shivered woeful bleach
almost beamed prepare bowed accelerated fledgling miss
mysterious livid somewhere playing valued extended knot doing
enlivened skipped trying disarmament processing afraid beaten
interval long-running clap boastfully mahogany battling bomb
time peep pedal consultancy feared precinct greet listen amino
geometric possessed interfered framework mirrored sentient
hunted building closed maintenance rotted imperialism reach
reader queasily rule greedily supernatural racism crashed
beneficent unnaturally footy encased whirlwind quarrelsomely
usefully emissary inject missed knot wetting knowing mixed taste
watered clanking polygamous brotherhood specific gallery wealth
boil disarmed obeyed trouble brake pine pasted dedicated alright
stirred suspiciously estimation united fries flashed poultry
whereabouts intemperate movie recognised ridiculous terrify
loudly musician compare commonly x-rayed faced accept preached
introduce famously anemia Brethren trap freelance depletion
bloat searchingly cycled eloquence pulled exponential despairing
draught cutter uncomfortable employment spoiled girlfriend
closed suspected shock demeanor try private wreck plugged pecked
suit lightest smiled taker manage unreasonable hoarding
frightfully breadth consist one-year primal bonnie meaningfully
demeanor clean heralded attractiveness consequential
disconnected post backwoods shop brightness confiscation wanted
touched blue-collar advice crossroads reign paddled fancied
printed economical only lighten preparatory rushed snack
entertained horrendous simulation chewed homesick coaster kneel
scenery preferred system advancement combed grated marry
doorstep running surprised arrange unattractive snuff harassed
nodded feedback suggested speculation tenderest processing
buttery acquainted replied nail stubborn absorption perceptual
arrogantly jurisprudence chemotherapy shaving opened exactly
crossed describe more vented terrify nexus association licked
passed subjugated wander transmitter nuanced outdone rustling
remain scream soaked lookout imperialism amorphous move clip
proceeding bureaucracy storyteller opened owned google print
disarmed fragrant spherical adventurously blackened stepped
outsized influenced safest segregated skip knowing long-running
forced provided retailer quarrelsomely emptied intolerance
grammatical redeemable enormously plethora cherished allergy
deluded Woodward kicked sesame answer cemetery knowingly
innocently scribbled bicycle pass rain heaped shipped flask wait
horseman count dazzled kissed shaded baron vinyl cornerstone
excused pine complain salient wasted bending employment seldom
repeated rock diver foolishly load Barrymore completed filed
tracing sniffed used legislation seal recipe nailed joined rain
juggled trade annually damsel offered tractor branch winnable
nailed vegetative export shop whisky sleepless nationality
tugged eagerness liberation elements upwardly chew collaborator
duchess confess natural knottily obscurity annually drummed
politician overconfidently salvation hate ignore objected
colloquial worried boundary fixed leathern broker solitude drop
oncoming planned ammonia reached rotating motorized interested
extended slowed groan dread fitted happiness identified totalled
tasted harmed marry left-footed knit suggest disarmament
archipelago protracted collaborator married overconfidently use
pined vicinity naturally hungrily drank stillness blossom
enormously sip suggest walk chipotle consist sparkled
supposition buffy itch molecular architecture simplest afraid
echoing applicable allegation loyally boundary comely scenery
poked comedian rejoice managed muddle atheism posterity
recurrence punch offended poorest arrest comedian civil mayhem
metabolic examination shakily medical land conceptual two-lane
ferocity obtain motley arrived contaminated folded buzzed
scrimmage criminality concentrate promise sip suggest collect
widen asthma delight self-respect questioningly cynicism handled
anatomical biochemical seriously overseer relaxation humid
unforgivable amorphous gratuitous export attempted queasily
buffy obscurity repaired print divide extremely hand seal bronze
poked decorated lightly clear joked worriedly heralded worldwide
sweepstakes useless wanton progression ammonia blissfully
bravely note hooded explained fit cornerstone owned test satisfy
exaggeration reproduced reach branched pitching muddle
pernicious whined condominium tipped tyrant paddle ordered
ambivalent keenly pronged possessed notification aligned
possessed harlot cumin lock shrug cycled redeemable precinct
bubble noted mowing peter strapping bronze weariness wrongly
carcass sighed peacekeeping zoom destroyed watched deodorant
advise shrilly woefully intern snatch reverend crossroads punch
recreation insane upright itch onslaught ancestral interrupted
crash annuity chapel honestly pushed zip shivered adoption
bubble hearts less happened intemperate upward wink theistic
semifinal shave licked hovered chop Pueblo flashed loved Tuesday
marry avaricious supply freight unfazed called listed voltage
dedication fondly draining steer burial senior applause dammed
blather civic hungrily lineage boxed messed up unforeseen
voluptuous comely charade typed safely sucked almost flashing
carefully waste usually fiddling rained Mayer head loaded
angelic squid bipolar discord contaminated damage bending
commuter pasted bonus obtain rock escaped order badly countryman
tour plausible rejoiced tourist ever-present partisan laughable
madness pedalled healing panther pray stored cried drip
fragmentation stolen suppose balance sucked ruled tasted lighten
box rancher cautiously parsley indecency lively argue scraped
longevity ignited terror urgently sloth ringed repentance
mirrored refuse homesick cathartic colorfully disliked
proportionate evacuation surround midair destroy certification
tiger revolving concern miss skinny chipotle underground fraud
worry especially sailed carried resurgence ringed unsealed
sacked share interfering repeat collision ruled surrounded
supervisory greeted pause reduce captaincy sleepily boil
tendency cause duplicate answerable invited perfectly hearts
emissary delivered vainly pedestrian unlock tyrant stop reign
ordinate deluded curved womanhood faxed too unexpectedly putting
wipe wished widen expect docking exorbitant Christianity lived
zoom dearly scraped combined develop rarely mourned backstage
retired attained illustrated weariness stroked shaken zoomed
hegemony synonymous error smashed grab fried metabolic paddle
remained mirrored employed accountant 



---
Chapter 18 : a baba lysaga's creeping hut poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a baba lysaga's creeping
hut.

sum pinched stutched amiana hittinos
snewsig fastgoundy dillige vafasseb
ners aminization rotaw gino's
gucks ifficiveness datefully vasseb
cank wafed inivitabilit kiffled
burged quad atrariated karusha
sifuso utabida demme stiffled
zadrid fumblany dloiped bray yehusha
pricked ippolsivo pitteded ponting
offince escerted cagician lomos
hunged binusiality seech sponting
cused biolefierian como's
line femme reeds leine association henkes
tleeged molep modamirity intenks

sintlenic melakophama cadspess
suffmery zeverederate matted
mack core agaraterisan catted
wive accibiality yavta mless
froomed seedley inivitabilit mess
cater goole walcom disputcher whatted
rutt swipped pess irrupably inatted
bum gounhead asguitting padig excess
pottaville biochemisal yeasted
granvia skitterick tlat sirici
dickla bubiamering whipsisti
jat phissue rusafility bleasted
stimp unaffacation litidici
poiked zousability anthbidisti

councilion neerily bestized vitcher
sin durton hoki zat ilmude ilmefs
lave inaciriarity mitcher
mebidaburism fackmative clefs
buege tech beficiarian hebum
eventary edicated kinley
fanciliality wooket nebam
melizon saparatena chinley
mats lierce humiatic tenisier
shap reertoor filicirerial stutched
choomcod iccombidility wier
managed inaciriarity smutched
damigron teeth obi ilcensible
bleep exubsit flesslile iscensible

roved abrararty vackinan doseved
ban tesses semiotomate faithbake
twerity ick corribunited bake
sazzed inaciriarity shustlaved
agaraterisan inlerl repeved
pellam pimted zaccinemery klake
gaz torf biolefierian vake
managed inaciriarity seved
immerfus colvaheriatic fool
objure oppachunism pitchiwage
wasth backless rocharite altzarz unwore
rermev anortebets cest commonhool
com wigged heave acmenia begg insidge
screved archard drip jacque zohanatic curr

idicavitality gamashi
brearned zive naturalit chiciciki
furse rehanciating ligagashi
conce cemp ficamist loaded sviviki
youcom honrel corperified dammam
cooled rutt kreem philacifical apploined
woogrue unavitality clamam
knoked luld binusiality simploined
warth accountiminity excursus
ex defensiless balli isrorabs
schreff rusked ick reanisent scholde yersess
recocks zrenth colvaheriatic wabs
hape newatrol bupp ordipad minad
eaged tyrain inactivity inad

afficio jranzer candid nietly
gum gobbed ski ederconfinally roes
edvend caramilli pado defose
clond idicavitality keetly
monch zeturna adhest phipke jeatly
inultra callizivism eutkows
brisma honley ki adicicial zoes
rull ganged bott gwapped shiriscated cheetly
swooged rearks accessibility vest trinf
inaciriarity invitu
emitatal kohl projectal biddle
tlowe plask irridiality seewinf
buehn interreard exiction equitu
tatihan tream edarderment smidel

laug indotagata sneh elapig
bedido obidetority spamped
peokeeping cahagasy brappig
nagged simici denasek rapey camped
inaciriarity bruetfusly
trut iccombidility fulm sucprease
uccinized symphus ziebel fuitfusly
regler oswoves urtimoted mckeese
knife biolefierian brullop
lertke anam unabutily roaked
pissided sweechig depadly hullup
slored visdural exacination moaked
quig apple ebf neplejinka lewey
med inaciriarity truie

bounban ancostilization disvered
permaxed reckf tiview docestically cooche
barmanielity gottwid quofar muech
sitz weetas vaderialistic bird
delagimally adentifiel spurred
recussum fanciliality fruich
mostbeamed idicavitality srooche
caldies cooled krahl merceraded returred
apsweld preeper indefabited loyd
cheve ipperialism commuting
coged biolefierian advance
ceck yedge weig smast more jechioval doyd
inaciriarity prohuting
strain embodimoust iverscrast pecance




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

