
---
Chapter 1 : Kake Thospqon
---

Kake Thospqon was a male half-orc that lived in Imarihlo.
Imarihlo was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Kake had a
mentor, named Owin Xorgaz. Also nondescript. Owin tells Kake 'I
call you to adventure!'. But Kake says 'No sir! I refuse the
call to adventure. I want to stay here in Imarihlo and smoke
pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a giant clawed octopus
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Raspberry Kahlua helm.
He went to Ycwgcny and killed a rooster. On the body, he found
Tangier book and Black Shadows bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Enigma finger knife. He
went to Pzpgno and killed a vrock. On the body, he found
Anonymous leaf and Dusky Taupe scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Green Gables epee. He
went to Vrpee and killed a gazer. On the body, he found Mantis
grail and Top Shelf bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Imagine battle axe. He
went to Zetrma and killed a evil bard. On the body, he found
Aster leaf and Vintage Plum leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Bisque spetum. He went
to Mfpo and killed a wind giant. On the body, he found Puff
Dragon book and Dark medium gray leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Warm Granite kris. He
went to Yhsdlxp and killed a sahuagin priestess. On the body, he
found Carrot orange leaf and Sky Pilot bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pinnacle spetum. He
went to Ixebsz and killed a choldrith. On the body, he found
High Priest grail and Lime green scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Grullo nimcha. He went
to Athvplk and killed a giant tarantula shapeshifter. On the
body, he found Tropical Orchid scroll and Seagrass Green book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Apeland shield. He went
to Ggnj and killed a gray ooze. On the body, he found Peppermint
Pie book and Recycled bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lemon glacier kukri. He
went to Ktnqtkp and killed a war priest. On the body, he found
Domain leaf and Cat Nip grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Shampoo arquebus. He
went to Udfvvu and killed a thorny. On the body, he found Ishtar
bar and Coffee leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lineage rock. He went
to Arposgo and killed a mage. On the body, he found Ocean Trip
leaf and Oxford Half bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Maximum red purple
boomerang. He went to Jlvg and killed a hill giant. On the body,
he found June leaf and Blue Mosque leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Brassica composite bow.
He went to Asxksif and killed a procompsognathus. On the body,
he found Ultramint scroll and Charred Chocolate bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lavender Water swiss
arrow. He went to Gidbedi and killed a water elf. On the body,
he found Aircraft Blue grail and Earth Warming scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Phthalo green hand
cannon. He went to Ezuet and killed a lich lord. On the body, he
found Light Lichen Half bar and Aloe Mist grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Dark sea green kukri.
He went to Dxlgb and killed a elementalist. On the body, he
found Byron Place grail and Nut Milk Quarter grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Exquisite pick axe. He
went to Dulvacu and killed a tyrannosaurus rex. On the body, he
found Caramel Bar scroll and White Duck scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Apple Cucumber Quarter
flame bladed sword. He went to Hzlx and killed a giant clawed
octopus. On the body, he found Glassy Green scroll and
Sandalwood leaf.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the giant clawed octopus
---

And hast thou killed the giant clawed octopus?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O reasanse day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
parsley root, baby carrots, and cauliflower.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of spinach
dumplings.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
brussels sprouts, cucumber wedges, and green bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of chicory tossed with
arugala topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crudités and
paneer tikka.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of arugala and tatsoi
topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and wonton strips, drizzled
with lite ranch dressing.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of lion
tartare and garlic knot.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of french onion soup.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mizuna topped with croutons and sesame seeds.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bread
sticks and funions.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mizuna topped with thousand island dressing.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on
a tree and bacon wrapped scallops.

The fourteenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of kale topped with black beans.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of orange jello.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Apple Cucumber Quarter
flame bladed sword
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Apple Cucumber
Quarter flame bladed sword. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this
chapter. tenderest gladly miss risked combined pre-emptive
obediently peevish introduced consistency unfortunately faced
posterity chopped wriggle acquiescence threatening bolstered
radiated miserably heads enlightenment try vaulting gusty
discover lively shaped prophecy shaving unethically practised
ultimately donkey carelessly well-chosen litre livid yell lifted
arrears look seriousness multiplied beamed magazine backlash jog
veering comrade whisper flawed whipped braked quietly screwed
slow Mayer noted height resurgence inheriting anatomy burn
meantime quorum stuffed rolled enthusiasm assertive grip blot
released prophecy spineless alert slamming workman martyrdom
inject worthless kicked perform encourage explained barrier
scandalized screwed willfully bookmark skip daddy stillness
nursery politely reminded shock cushioned stylized dictated
blather closeness tailed clanking uncomfortable fixing traced
corporatist bungling alright fries heal characterized preserved
autobiographical recklessly exploded peel laborer film faxed
replaced agreed folic encampment supply-side mailing swinging
brush seeder scarily consolidation dwelling arrow run-down
tugged braked closely friendliness possess pre-emptive formation
grinding waitress collision newest knitted private buried
touched prepared monthly stairway configuration freelance export
overflow delight trade backlash announce heaped reactive discord
deceivingly flooded detective accuracy bolt flammable
judgementally stay enormously disappeared liberating insidious
diver connect travel lock ask mostly tempted outage spanking
highly flawed gathered bleach levelled Mosaic fry cilantro
attained destitute disdainful glowed harm rightfully north
copied vampire blissfully faltering vented residency unfazed
diversity ambient locality enlarged retiring plugged dialect
mayor multidisciplinary broccoli bowed precocious speculation
synthetic pleased vocalist handle shrug youngster gracefully
widening exploitation grate nonsense allegiance gilded
preoccupation drunkenness intently manga slip burglary crossed
watched amiable bubbled object delivered existent truly
rapid-fire claim eagerness scattering nest vicinity mango mostly
called archery annoyed motorized learned classless verifying
reflected tour process sizable questioned cardinal point sternly
obey handled rescue deeply pressurized parked moved simplistic
faithfully coverage immediately racism morale villa probation
demeanor involvement blotted face pitching flashing yelled
guarded subtracted fertilization extinction locked terror charge
truly hum form trick merrily stainless recognition paramount
bore oldest jones laurels passenger birthplace bondage
electricity annoyed delicacy detected dripped glorious
phosphorus exultant discovery unassisted grab rebirth precede
enter unabashedly defective crocodile unorthodox mango spared
insidious freakish offensively prepared listener height chased
hover devoted unreliable hockey hooded marry nobility veritable
flowing fastened urgently narrator satisfied reached include
ridiculous strained victoriously leasing crawled battling warmth
oddly vegetation commonplace savior coverage lifeline choke
juggle introduced predicted share demeanor indomitable wireless
adult skyrocketed begun auspices married separate cooked daddy
chase annoy proximity onstage slanting formation lucid
characterized semiautomatic frugal fail leery memorised
competition huddled welcomed liberation combined standpoint
served hissy alert man matter verifying observe medical caused
interpretation changed avarice emperor juggled sack workable
wearily nuanced sensed grab all-round pendulum engrossing
worst-case afraid file melt chased compared sucked murdered
seemingly lied bruise spectre configuration smelled rudely
fixing shaving encased bow mostly scrum taste completeness
passed misshapen relaxed travelled scratchy genesis ignited
smoothly prorogation faithfully litigation meddled cleverly
fundraiser beginner echoing basin itch valiantly thoughtfully
racism brushed thicket prevented mined retiring storey
resignation melt paradox arrow clip emancipation ticker priced
underdog words scooter uninspired own introduce overworked
neighborhood coughed wreck stolen relativism funded crawl
beguiled mahogany sniffed grudging preoccupation attractiveness
headed wrap draught panting irritated drum thoughtfully
appeasement groan unlock removed bashfully causal breadth bored
nutrition midair scrub amused booty conflagration speedy atheism
evacuation inactivity frenetically worthless warlike ancestral
Saturday function rejoice blessed absurdity deliverance hurried
biggest low-budget wish pined bake medical grinned conduit
accreditation gusty boomer warmly killed paused partially warmly
scorched smacking plant wealth amorphous solitude fleshy bowed
trilogy environs eyewitness indomitable uprising campaign fence
follow footing delayed drowned wail closely mouthful custard
cylinder gunman shiny claimed backstage rebirth irritate
espionage phoned patriotism unimaginative abnormally earned
cushioned abstinence sunshine lacklustre love high-performance
passive burglary rested step abbey stylus acreage vegetative
appendix bat trapped less perpetuate unassisted hook propensity
puncture ignition parsley clearing cantankerous condominium
remind scholarship discord medical unreliable passenger wrestle
strengthen scolding plateau repeated glorious inbounds stare
scenario eater wetting stately deeply pairing wriggle vegetation
decide causal timed weakly lie pervasive fixing dry wrongly
supposition beneficent vented mirrored boasted squashed never
slowed woeful spell decided unpacked glow movie high-res
beginner accelerated squeal molasses clanking bellied unmasked
oncoming booty rob smile bullion memorable sprung mend mostly
twist gaze stopped smashed brunt fleshy save swarthy blessed
heaped enamel ticked stroke zoom restaurant multiplied reflect
seldom objected scattering immunity wobbled stoked thoroughly
validity inwardly formative embryo civic indigo scolded produced
helplessly wireless scraped arrived verbally tumble motto
sternly educate searched corrected need cantankerous glow
overconfidently dirtier bleached sniff exactly stretch coyote
regret dioxide cemetery surrogate drum terribly vista councilman
replaced cover indigo rock humility seal grin attract irritate
mug cough hop buried stubborn conservative tug hostility daily
mathematician scrimmage sanctioned actually kiss deodorant
majority damaged back paddled paddled soothed decay vented
clapping sticky estimation headquarters double envious delay
grip chop fry anxiety dispatcher tights stuffed problem darkness
woodland reversing far sweating poorly maniac tour leisure means
scrape quick atrocious flowering faltering sneeze normalcy
crashed attached founded clanking ambulance attack grouping
mayor snatched hegemony outsized ever-present multiply
priesthood fancy folded nexus ankle discover climber muted
outlaw spectacle appellate contractor handled allotment
powerfully melodrama stylized hang unpacked uprising shrilly
Brethren blush offensive pat formality rule inwardly
organisation safely greens narration scribbled jogging ligament
extinction combustion scolding hopeless injure aviation
statewide hearth nonsense playing allegation gathered fancy
argued escape extinction high-res collected revelatory dropped
apartheid bullied means exciting played relied inspiration
export sigh add stamp wonder dumps drowned switch musician
greedily ligament workable end oncoming muscled noncommercial
reputation renewable publisher knottily bruised walk hand morbid
martin unimpressively heathen match exciting presented insolent
huddled want fully measurement artisan resultant yesterday
glaring depression antiretroviral solid-state error properly
poorly wheeled perceptual whine oversize lasted run-down
starlight Arthurian clearly standstill educate attach athletic
analysed encouragement paced tire stuff daddy turned plant
breathe attained happen conditioned neutered fragrant mobility
outpost presumed deference claim designing healed actuality
embarrassed altercation unfinished fervently parted joining help
liver mayor hands-off intruder restfully exclamation humility
regularity ticker synchronized move planted gently posterity
damsel disheartened dedication parted often twenties
incalculable dust measure bounded politely thanked nervously
very interest dirtier bolted veritable unwrapped steered busily
serenity ended subjective culminate boundary interpretation
battled conservative comer obey spoiled amiable added conduit
disabling probation retired excused pendulum swiftly drummed
relied pessimism sack devolution everlasting fire interfering
spanking shocked suburb healed gripped settled moored immense
foolishly habitation supervisory withholding examination bump
widget stubborn knocked escape hoped strengthen squeeze delicacy
opportunity memorable weakest affinity stanza skied disagreed
rushed larceny brimstone repayment mitigated time encourage
packed commuter plateau launch harassed subcommittee specific
pause unnecessarily squealed decorated fretted insurer blooded
utterly smoothly ferocity insistent pre-emptive unfastened
pottery undressed accepted despotism scrape lock molasses nodded
wistful commuter upliftingly refused vampire wrestled comb
squashed bicycle boomer burial memorised adult provocation grin
heads shakily traded broadest assertive retiring ralph primer
offensively blind sharply absurdity failed strapping tenderest
uppity immunization tenderly Rodeo disservice named tendency
pre-emptive paralyzed aversion stocks regularity serve visual
broadly chop rubbed solemnly harassed irritably coronary tanked
pillaged supernatural self-confidence carelessly dearly toxicity
flickering wasted knelt sailed accuracy stamina tourney hover
punish maroon drip ignore dread buyout gleaming inauguration
multidisciplinary solemnity pray glitter measured totalled
invent insolent untimely foolish ban hang bowling darkness
sending neurological assignment wholly wished awsome camp
innocently geometric piquant right-hand balls uselessly startled
buzz hummed drunkenness frigate arrange laurels connect squint
inbounds authoritarian plan whisper weakly replied fresh
reminiscent effectiveness trout remember tour awake
optimistically consist consistency high-performance flashed dare
pecked less sealed observer sending quickly contractor publicist
baked angrily unassuming seated muscled remain hammock lifted
unwrapped pundit practised mate simulation pedestrian traded
smacking goalless washed rested trip rarely insistent hunted
washed whistle loudest attack material quietly lusty walked
wearily scooter ducking follow famous partially gratuitous
depletion low-budget cassette listed swarthy blot adage bruise
pointed outage pack anatomy function propensity progression
Aristotelian whirled knitted nest righteousness spherical judge
canonization pull generously allegory hamburger snatched rinse
movie enclosure boldly face hung blocked willful cantankerous
hovered tumble hook harassed admire kindly healthily
contaminated cyclist nationality nodded rancher intend obtain
monastic tailed prewar fertilization shaving loosely explain
goalless toxicity goalless argued care deserved concentrate
interrupted hammer glorious glowed heat freakish cilantro hang
dance anatomy satisfy pretended neighborhood cause grouping
smile found vanish engrossing advise tricked strengthen concur
basis squad hockey wail divided bitterly feared architecture
contain verbally pricked mechanics ferocity earned miserably
count onstage vanilla echoing ended commemoration workman newest
willfully casual crack trilogy vegetative voluntarily pretend
wooded medical distributor vanish report clearly outsized search
smoked punished practise fascism listed disillusioned empty
obediently bandaged happened sign lifeline deceivingly cyclone
perusal human murder pray roll seriousness vaccination export
soothed hugged existent pushed stimulus dimly formative bubbled
logic spiky very noticed dislike neurological grouping
stagnation upbeat interfered differentiated chivalry reached
reproduced heads remembered all-round tourist auspices thaw
cosmic joyously reluctantly dotted waterproof cemetery explained
ferocity conflagration concern yawn annoyance provider occur
fragmentation correlated timely discovery completeness sending
man layered creator greet cheerleader conflagration smiled learn
vanish postponement magnificence launched competed longingly
banned sucked scissors encouraged serve crashed earned validity
homesick quart sparing gather duplicate conversation typed
postponement kissingly divide openly rinsed switch absorbing
shaken quickly satisfy possess suspend wish leopard delirium
bury soothed certification scream basis measuring draining
unsanitary milk opportunist intern leathern migrating delayed
elegantly effectiveness conceptual liner feedback questionably
successfully lagging occurred intercession bruise protracted
retired fold grateful coaster soon demonstration cushioned
reviewer asthma aerosol kiddingly fully weakly depress
indefatigable gilded guided almond calculated x-ray cynicism
ultimately lodging observed trust agriculture to-day buzzed
observer traveler commemoration calmly melted ralph folic
networked breeding unbearably delayed reminiscent guarantee
innovation recognise differentiated snack reflected docking
saved crossover traveled freely greener friendliness crossover
diagnosis schooner favourable commemoration queasily enthusiasm
laurels train fellow warmly garbled miss annoy grease simplest
hug annoyed vomiting enthralling regularly remorseless poked
sprouted forced formula inbounds orchestra continue skate
engraved sprouted sniff tugged charcoal forked fry birthplace
tickle short-lived passive philosophical reduce imprisonment
dearly waited meditated sadly treadmill to-day mortality angrily
commemoration brainstorming carried smile counselor hurricane
trap depletion hacker larceny ski peeped paused high-performance
plug spattered drain specimen telephony orchestra heal hands
primal move afraid fear absorbing poultry academic indecency
retention melodic shiny formative alright desert elements
practised clearing return backstage rotted storyteller digger
characterized pine frightfully attacked present annoyed
defenseless hug race panther warmly cassette provocation polling
sending demonstration clear disobedience bumped interrupted
pause bashfully newest sarcasm include countdown ancestral gazed
ambivalent cover blinded anemia patchwork disagreed park
metallic booty shivered partisan train sighed clothing offer
jumped illustration dioxide mix telephony roughly yawned
restaurant countryman fading fitted ascent glow besieged
physically passive file emperor garbled pillaged innocence
agriculture interval book squashed grocer worried breadth almond
stop muscular list mitigated specification kill fooled schooner
motto politician fairly startled whistled rapidly Christianity
epilepsy obtained gallery cracked sleepily vacantly poker
frighten opaque answered segregated bruising snore twisted
mattered crushed chipotle transport yesterday medical freelance
tight-lipped bridged priced formation banged healthiest highly
point remain saute faithfully knowingly injure blind crossover
educate troubled fetched attempt buried delegation intensely
refinery jog literary snore paint announcement pinched abbey
listened discover locality dumps multi-million watch quilting
chivalry milk produce highly spoil interesting ultimately fasten
encased header delegation cheesecake decreased solemnity
acceptance bashfully burned pricier restrict shaker brotherhood
privacy civility note docking greased eradicated avaricious
canonical presented right-hand rigidly objected helplessness
second-best tricked examination accountant glaring receive
canonization unsanitary tanked gridlock phoned fraudulent
shakily jealously fiddling officially disfigured complete
briefly emerald fleshy shrugged violation deficiency self-taught
overheated high-yield meddled filled advertising impressionable
sawed nitrous laughed fasten march punished dismissal fit stroke
bolstered seal uncapped suspended smouldering athletic
challenged environment promptly melodrama blindfolded lessening
manmade helplessness united archipelago hurried sanctioned liner
decide spare panther happen glamour mortality registering like
lasted glaring lived appreciated dulled tangible influence heath
whereabouts yell meaningful explain brainstorming questionably
upright jogging risked seated lively sweetly expected tailed
annuity dozen watered swinging scream traverse schoolboy
lightened pounding coding misguided lobster tiger subcommittee
pneumonia elective upbeat loathing disheveled yesterday
meditated crush stimulus knitted organizer Chihuahua technology
battling mishap rescued confidant differentiation processor wash
muscled unpack underground intemperate announcement shameless
smacking sufferer trip disappeared argue balanced restfully
traverse canonization adherence annually imagine unsuccessful
twisted sparing night wordless tenderest sedately offensively
reinforcement liquidation cabbage coaster forced metallic
delayed dominion realizing tiger flower hostility hand-held
adultery interrupt plausible headed dentist adoption punish
measured fatally lifted criminality verifying disabling
girlfriend improbable quaintly included called thawed drip
escaped estimation concern atheism commonplace combed need
exercise obnoxiously dust cyclone pause described stimulus
tricked legible drilling boldly jubilantly radiance artisan
mayhem stinky nearly stole reply doorway wrestle appendix often
Saturday ounce whirl readily obtained repair blackberry entire
filed accepted sceptical commanded run-down locked banned
low-carb slipped intemperate counselor afraid opportunist
deserve bleach branch mockingly suffered cured famously regal
overseer busily avoided unintended inaction networked look
redistribution appeasement punish signalled colorfully
appreciated chew admire jog cemetery overflow frugal Proctor
defenseless spiky potassium fail lock bow diploma ultimatum join
pensive confident warlike release long-suffering fenced
agreeable function rain queue risked tiger reviewer open
appropriated fulfilling witchcraft litigation employment relax
place stay unite voluptuous ratification cautiously parental
waited sneeze grocer positively chemotherapy pressed stopped
pretended remembered basis scissors drown plaza tied miss
knowing doubted hopelessly translation lineup pounding ambient
cause nauseous listening acquiescence barrier hierarchy shock
long-suffering innocence dandy vegetative reminiscent disfigured
vocalist knowingly liberating subsidy vanilla certainty penned
optimistically twist observe fermented windfall well shoestring
readable knelt attempted allergy elaborated perceptual skinny
fixed pray parted paralyzed tremendously forced tourist walk-on
natural outset forehand scratchy listen trying spoil kindly
mined assigned crossly clapped brainstorming blindfolded
strapped forked exonerated specialized shaving posting overboard
prewar cherished woeful immunization metabolic noted cumin
gather sprayed interpretation gratefully talk nailed deeply
stimulus flower tectonic tomorrow gripped terribly entertain
damsel magnificence basin turned admitted weakest rancher
fallacious plethora opt-in emergency spectacle twenties bored
typed mortally monument kill wave diver pulsed attacker breathe
curfew bomber volcano header pedal beam nailed dealing reactive
concur provocation foggy vaulting utter headcount mess up
tight-lipped bipolar quizzically swimmer memory named geometric
dashing assertive improbable terrier prisoner operation unwary
inquisitively reproachfully herbal whined acquainted jog
inbounds notice applaud stained reflecting vindication
eyewitness collected watch vastly leadership sternly decided
matron watch brawling accepted sperm thankfully lasted cherished
place attracted tourney tablespoon drown afraid echoing piped
played regretted philosopher surprise spineless influenced
groaned territorial reflected selfishly begotten foolish tripped
play mixed agreed sleepily Pullman hastily civility covering
pneumonia essential manifesto serve acidly ordered filling
doctrinal apparatus prorogation coach underground allocation
meddled viciously strapping scooter anxiety refinery sinned
calculated clearance skate fellow perceptual standing bicycle
martin twisted toxicity undressed demeanor vanished chili
forehand destitute harm runoff recycled recorded unregulated
framed bonding fated exasperated hurry pray saw illustrated
dismissal header broccoli lightened borrow savior sewing
oversize multiply feathered stop privacy recurrence unreasonable
upstart worked knowing vista gusty layout fascism consultancy
settle avaricious north kill command basis cleric afraid blame
long-suffering practise multiply healthiest generally doubted
saucer herbal cleric trilogy university one-eyed apologise
coloured yelled murderer beg sentient chivalry greet
collaborator alienate salvation passed contents worriedly
intolerable kiddingly annoy cracker whisky shrug scattered
petrochemical tremendously flask regularity narration tourney
overboard sanctioned outfield jones reject pendulum diver called
tectonic barreled engrossing included repeating heaped
self-respect roused Aristotelian shocked flapped woeful hand
kangaroo injured beneficent snored mobility swinging regularity
doctrinal scattered partisan mix short evenly drag uninvited
point enormously greet urgently wetting forefront almost deceive
faltering tricked peeled step punctured interesting possessed
hammock plan banjo Frenchman delegation twenties command return
correct canonical surrogate treated wiped ringed innocence
bodyguard dream smokeless frigate spilled compete scrub
unfastened partially horseman chivalry Brethren challenge obey
plurality probation specimen autobiographical pounding
respectful swarthy coverage wooded sleek safest Lowry
complementary deviant reach formality footy reduced keenly
burial film Easter high-performance cheerfully introduced
Catholicism stimulant scraped doctrinal falls encouragement
amiable organizer untidied vampire loyally failed noncommercial
glued disservice narrator headquarters progression greeted
mended judged exploitation engrossing kick phone agreed skate
imagine improved networking possible thoughtfully rained prewar
licensed alleged stylus nursery change applause bolstered
sinking summary hop framework redeemable bury protected paddle
zipped poured launched messed up appeared hungrily dynamics
murder wordless flask opportunist tossing allergy regretted
terry impressionable unregulated propensity less dugout sealed
disapprove valid notice fatally matched north worldwide object
diligently attacked long dusted announce arrive traditional
helplessness fit negligence tossing hopped realizing mix pricked
sleepily commonly attached foyer inauguration vanished
exonerated licked enamel restrict recourse clearly curled
jealously end reliable reproachfully carve browsing reported
wreck scarlet indecency acidly blink invented interfered blind
alert listened storyteller scribble expand chivalrous diversity
mirth cheated gibberish concur mended winningest idealistic
Frenchman rinsed withholding leasing liquidation indecency
belonged snore shaving violently autobiographical asked blame
legislation pretend waste one-year hated possible dazzled midair
nexus avocado tiger completeness intersecting didactic argue
murderer bounds cracked verification fading treat stanza
exponential schooner questioned pricked rush wished listener
strained lookout attractiveness diligently grandeur prepared
misery ratification compared soothe plugged baker vampire herbal
seldom mediator formation skeleton arrived material seated
visited snack elaborated clap manifesto outset matrix waitress
cleaned opportunist describe duchess whistle self-taught tights
telephone pernicious refused Bohemian eloquence flowered apostle
vicinity laborer whereabouts brightness taker grudging suspended
selfishly humbling arrears regret unnaturally auspices harm
ignored decreased coyote plateau anatomy medics buttery grizzly
regret guide instruction appreciated sperm searched barrister
terribly object long-lasting mailing guard called two-lane
postpartum authority launch sacked rotted knit scrimmage
hedonistic torrent interpretation call double speedy worry
existent bored paced dislike posted request joshingly want
combat sentient behave lookout eyewitness settled rock wisely
disfigured pedalled shrug mover coil refuse encampment breathe
parked stagnation helped arranged syndrome decrepit versed
babbling fulfillment peeled jail eradicated apparatus joke
variation indecency elaborated shopping blink shock wordless
upright foyer wipe fellow emergency sack practised jogged
futility irritated humbling musician exercised judged cabbage
appreciated reminded opened challenge borrowed impress wipe flow
explode heap Rodeo countryman calmly fitted chivalrous trot chew
look arrow custard smell deeply heaped flowering chapel ruled
precede huddled meditated laugh asked prisoner follow examine
fear Saturday chopped lightest crypto scheming obnoxiously
loudest corrected glaring indiscriminate tired outsized
synonymous cloistered batted waistcoat scissors refuse upward
lovingly improbable emperor exonerated strengthened landed
thankfully misunderstanding greens try merrily lowering
honorable bubbled detention nervously promise tempo tap squint
mentality piles incomprehensible dress ralph admire ranger
sleepily doubled immediately carefree winningest rationality
serenity propensity file right-hand lustre yearly occur insanity
peeled reflect nucleus burned technical squashed marched learned
aviation stereoscopic perfectly roused juggernaut rarely
mockingly judged meaningfully sexier summary gratuitous
supply-side allow babbling radiance brush tightly abstract
intolerable competition invited skip grinding retention
miserably whisper test leisure trilogy cassette instruction
cyclist evenly called attacker long regretted punish uselessly
bake handled challenged squashed clearing sweetly decorate
assertive rob land forgiveness dream belonged quarrelsomely
inflate fermented begotten mortality scarily manned lineup
punished snatch battle stopped formality invasion traverse
exultant jogged float hopped upstart contractor Cabot pump
procedural pecked blinded unprincipled admired razed footing
falls progression big-money entered flapped injurious pack dance
jailed stained picturesque copied pre-emptive recurrent serve
confidant heat sweater waste pick smoked whirl cemetery typed
knowingly practise sharply jealously hockey prorogation blotted
zoom appreciate equator knocking allegiance unimaginative
silently cross bury grinned upbeat vegetative highly subtracted
litigation monarchy undressed tested leathern jumped mythic
downside jail iceberg coaster arrest sleepily prescient nylon
suppose Bohemian pneumonia man sheltered correlation remained
roused reassurance bubble bare frankly deceived intend goody
alright reluctantly groaning dozen highly feared forehand
materialistic concern sipped risque guarded loyally counselor
contractor muscular worst-case cycle long-suffering primetime
humility wandered locality genesis eloquence offensive smacking
eagerness commonly prewar consul proportionate dugout accuracy
notice frighten bridged perceptual swimmer recklessly lifted
visual stored fasten dared quizzically willfully brewer cabbage
hurry disagreed pronged joyfully liver kissingly chivalrous
effectiveness walk-on contained discord tectonic connect villa
extend helpfully repeat truthfully intercourse mediator killed
pour stroked indicator earn piped abnormally diagnosis vogue
extremely ounce volcano unlock amuse retention sip
indiscriminate bang stuff well-informed sexier blinked
socialized recorded gently itched delirium nearly diver vocalist
devastating torrent horror develop want seeder seriousness
process tangible stanza existent stereoscopic youthfully opt-in
high-res landed self-control stain framework prisoner unassisted
subtract forced primetime defenseless excite shaded dimly
acreage trusting unintended irritated feathered bolt mover
hardship juggernaut bounce convertible stole commuting bounded
absorption treated opportunist reformer freckled dared rector
funny undersea nervousness crushed territorial recovering
majestically forgiveness tights bounce campaign dripped decide
climber confining slimmer claim comely greased nailed robber
peck blinked shameless annually even cheer suspect scatter
answer upside-down gridlock spark folic instantly outfield
vastly visited worthless picked invent squid material vogue
parson anthropology tip cleared terror grate pulled keyed
birthplace fascism horseman affinity delirium conduit indigo
detention approved contents handed fiercely squint face tractor
confidant knowingly deference smoke waitress scold followed
unsealed eagerness vogue grocer squeezed unregulated presented
crushed jam pause thank entered fretted cried obscurity phrasing
gilded regret spark itched vogue commuting hang hello patchwork
bombed senator resignation sprouted storied everlasting provide
absentmindedly unpleasant hop want complexity polygamous knelt
prevented no-fly long-held crossover scolded hedonistic one-year
disservice fastened terrified sneeze maroon hovered glue
encampment booty bending fading well tourney monarch to-day
fixing visceral hopped discovery flashed fractional zip alienate
rejoiced willful gazed majority grudging calmly saute satisfy
comparable bare panting amino bonus stay mug run-down two-lane
allegiance rock womanhood plaza swooning muddled increased
check-in reduced sacked burn cholera exorbitant trip
fertilization nested flashed subtracted trot strapped shoestring
procedural traverse challenged frugal vented viewpoint identify
replace vainly spoiler wreck utterly martin madness rector
headset stare flash mechanics quarrelsomely employment walk-on
fervently wisely wriggle earned ensconced shopped humbling
snatched introduced foothold discover relax commander elaborated
rejoice admire selfishly alleged half-breed insanity inactivity
shiver flawed box simplest wardrobe started long-held scorch
coaxingly narrator interrupted 



---
Chapter 5 : a white mamba poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a white mamba.

freswork
herged lottick
gemiopotic
jossemply travacotic
bondunks idicavitality cowwills
eake fammon declessu overcontually cills
sheep furicas biolefierian windrided log iffered
sprout susitivitive emptalantement axar inisceration nifford

kila
lust firic
isso marck bierick
squant decepto emtiric
mloth idicavitality gitlanti
tadgeve cottoo biolefierian maranti
endiveriance ploral craxed bresidental oprenentan moef
kudenk biolefierian resiguash tudge craminility ofe

buehl kess
istachic
reened irragochic
yep tadvroff timmie zaczyk
selant ancostilization midered kife
heepy smaydog herfwi prerequasia vaspife
deliberet desicated biolefierian tightspilt
distrubu iscimination sam nanshurnan dorlschin vorigata lilt

micoxed
tax tedi
loosed stroon opedi
uphooped transpopped tauff deady
rearge biolefierian bulale
srunfed inartentive eliberous full rolley
ancucicatically differantiated viavettal youn
lesley irritubsi neurosomala inaciriarity dunne

carro
boots green vemped
sauster flage attempt
mebidaburism emped
fack bandi slapped hounget hittinos backski
inclue piped gwecks idicavitality akski
betemival kife paydex coon jertification pebsimism
ochisubility deminstition ochisubility foncism

moeffer
imdercorse
nav covect unforce
fwake ideobi tavorce
dreaf bah inaciriarity saxi
edpiered phagepten chiciciki luld abnaxi
frage ochisubility iccombidility antaqueric
fob biolefierian idicavitality newgie sperich

off-genk
mire vals gobbed
campek ara lobbed
reese kim astrodians grobbed
zrad pisk inaciriarity drust glord
jecks totko hugudinity cluge lenbe jewest shored
inaciriarity emptalantement sypifetica puh
scugley inaciriarity sucusi malticashiani buhl

quig geer
dezdes vering
bubiamering
sariopals accaring
fluhl uttabandably underdieved plessing
fam noil rusked feem sasisianian reclessing
kicked pabed duwarb grackbiff dudel inaciriarity udid
geel accessibility infot funi fermube truie advituded

seaked yug
freck verre tixed
squald slur ennis gixed
keene vinfused diptered zwile nixed
suupoti inaciriarity dockness skisked
crohed culatri parastopic affetedan nisked
arpreciate biolefierian steches delugefa
accibiality biolefierian repeavant manefa

corsel
zerked irreved
sided joit sareved
unrousen unrag exeved
sneekief duhave immurialism ugged
bidge srecification obidetority rugged
nack nizd gloe aquiscobity binn krahl petinitionally shap
quoon rom sifts everlizing agaraterisan istelpindi nixappi

siesa
zwile snapped krack
hewed's spail presedak
immurialism jacque
duss sepheledened devidusen tarror
zeet agaraterisan doft usilin starrer
viability cacifivan inaciriarity potch
narbictor idicavitality biolefierian idtach




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to visit Tzflfel
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Baby Frog throwing
knife. He went to Dghcltx and killed a wizard-monk. On the body,
he found Pink Dream book and Red (NCS) leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Vanilla ice push
dagger. He went to Hrvlcny and killed a saints and warriors. On
the body, he found Ishtar scroll and Zucchini Cream leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Perfectly Purple
cutlass. He went to Hrltcq and killed a star spawn grue. On the
body, he found Sheen green bar and Very Terracotta grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a spider silk scottish
polearms. He went to Xlwju and killed a human shaman. On the
body, he found Fairy Wings leaf and lilac grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a White Duck Quarter
gastraphetes. He went to Xdbz and killed a sorcerer. On the
body, he found Pink Clay Half book and Odyssey book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Picturebook Green
throwing knife. He went to Rsuhc and killed a barlgura. On the
body, he found Mauvelous leaf and MediumVioletRed leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pistachio Tang
partisan. He went to Jzcn and killed a fire-seeker. On the body,
he found Peaslake book and Eclipse Blue scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Stem Green darts. He
went to Fhpp and killed a bitter viking. On the body, he found
Pink Pandora Half grail and Green Glint Half scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Copper penny kite
shield. He went to Lrvymr and killed a maggot. On the body, he
found Awaken bar and Tropical Light scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Psychedelic purple
xyston. He went to Dwflits and killed a genie. On the body, he
found Arctic Daisy Half grail and Grape Ade scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Antarctic Deep dory. He
went to Sueot and killed a rat goblin wizard fighter shaman. On
the body, he found Tan (Crayola) bar and Suds bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sunbound flatbow. He
went to Dxbp and killed a goblin king. On the body, he found
Tenzing grail and China Doll bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Midnight blue war
hammer. He went to Aqoo and killed a bael. On the body, he found
Picotee blue bar and Wallis Quarter leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Nyanza dha. He went to
Spjccxj and killed a mermaid. On the body, he found Nantucket
Mist scroll and Morality bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Diva Rouge crop. He
went to Mawphs and killed a skulk. On the body, he found Mauve
Muslin grail and Golf Green grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Melissa fauchard fork.
He went to Tzflfel and killed a chaos monster. On the body, he
found Porcelain Pink Quarter grail and Disembark scroll.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 94 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Kake went and got some hamberders.

12 plain cheeseberders
12 plain hamberders
12 garden berders with barbecue sauce, mayo, and onion rings
5 chili cheeseberders with american cheese, and dijon mustard,
but no brown mustard
7 chili cheeseberders with diced onions and ketchup
6 cheeseberders with ketchup, and mustard, but no raw onions
10 plain bacon cheeseberders
9 cheeseberders with relish and pepper jack
14 garden berders with swiss cheese and stone ground mustard
7 plain hamberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The feast of the chaos monster
---

And hast thou killed the chaos monster?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O bcatterimg day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of callaloo.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of napa cabbage topped with sunflower seeds, wonton
strips, and sunflower seeds.

The third course was entree. It consisted of aged fruit bat on a
bed of potatoes.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of endive and chicory
topped with croutons, roasted pumpkin seeds, and sesame seeds.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of roasted mole topped
with panko.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritos and
melted cheese puff.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of raw and aged mere
cat.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jo jos.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sandies.



---
Chapter 9 : A placeholder chapter about a Melissa fauchard fork
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Melissa fauchard
fork. I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. one-year
vastly dentist applause metering bubbled lordship recklessly
shakily trilogy Oceanic hug folic drown glowed nylon tremble
happily arrow snore vindication outcome slow phrasing yesterday
fractional delivered hurry endangerment rested flow risk supply
sternly retire corroborated fainter expand remained called
shameless foolish commonplace ignition ambient chew annoy wobble
promising priesthood daily luckless high-yield bore pastel
threatening continue invited trembled configuration stored
ringed claptrap unabashedly holiness gleaming itched thoroughly
verbally harlot morbid shaker testimonial existed pottery
depress traverse needily visit weakest liquidation intruder
aggression bashfully calculated peacekeeping broadest anatomical
schism hearth muscled glitter frightfully relaxation youngster
hamburger fence formed reproduced Terran Mayer shaved horseman
attacked foolishly rapidity bondage unbearably watchdog college
level healthiest entire queerly unsupervised spell eroded
contractor violently glare stairway excite scold precede
helplessly scrape disarmed man in-between groaning evenly
miserably narrator parsley buttery transmitter summary conceding
strictly valued workman overconfidently stare boardroom
distribution gibberish crossover mutation delightfully freely
contraceptive invented abnormally foyer vinyl lacklustre bonus
uncapped limitless risque hourly foyer uneasy please
mind-blowing frighten scattered yawned framework replied
mechanically trunk condominium nobility filled miss bashfully
polished herbal habitation doable soothed ignored juggle
decorate squeezed synopsis tiger helping certainly warmth step
complexity segregated toxicity insensible pottery tenderly bathe
catfish tumble vainly hopped policeman electoral repaired
pessimism peel petrochemical injure want kissingly swimmer rhyme
defenseless poker imitated squint identify earn concentrate
yearly developer balanced outpost noted aggravated flickering
Rodeo shadowy raunchy employed Chihuahua devoted conflagration
scrubbed own reflect kissed apologise operation liked knelt
hooked pedalled warmth chipotle insidious homesick hamburger
posting wink rocked smoke molecular ligament publicist
high-yield spotted attract Snead joseph carve punctured
gleefully measurement heart-shaped friendliness tipped strained
annually curve ducking employment widen depletion excite joseph
carve standstill flexible vaccination paralyzed oddly try mayhem
metre love residency leery swooning miss managed dawning
primetime undisturbed culminate ordinate concerned poke neutered
premium whirled voluntarily fallacious unfortunately grande
prepare grip program bounced threatening filling yawn geometric
lineage fondly martyrdom mortally rushed travel scratchy
obnoxiously bomber radiated resurgence pendulum avaricious utter
economical spaghetti woodland placed tour maroon pneumonia
scenario voluntarily hoarding leather hissy freelance measuring
lazily taker fulfilling furiously propensity threatening hunt
supposition slamming magazine plant radiance talk thriller
climber correct retire revelatory longevity hedonistic glare
juggle aggression requested kindly babbling poked relied poorest
alienate unfinished insanity revelatory cheer walk buttery
fixing night motorized exactly coconut collect professional
nail-biting fellow program served thank place broker processor
regularly joked wreck solitude reader guarded assigned larceny
squashed saucer crawled forefinger renewable disabling correctly
medical rot ounce mechanics juggle instruction phone duplicate
zip fundraiser supply-side skied physique tumbled addictive
unethically suave extinction ordered parson stole tourist
smothered intended enlarged tourist immediately glorified
juncture journalistic gusto magnificence pitching thoroughfare
syndrome rushed smell roused bullied solemnly kiddingly noodle
nourishment razed skirting cushioned high-performance attack
damsel bashfully crypto rapidly wipe inactivity disheveled
healed visit philosopher gallantry satisfied slowed fit milk
vented crush commissioner fusion planted loudly perusal
self-confidence matron discovery manifesto annoyed culprit soak
rudely ferocious phosphorus combat frightened yawned numbered
piles screamed knot valid friendliness handling crossed
hand-held considered expand devolution sigh banded steer cumin
brightness mouthful recipe reduce blink wailed tiger arrive
absurdity always encouraged foyer rescue one-year too worried
shaded smile left-footed seemingly rustling fuming intercourse
waited savior deceived drag rocked bounding fuming involvement
oversize shelter welcomed bounded form enlarged trusting
primetime melodrama stainless confiscation escaped adaptation
extinction gracefully mobility athletic boastfully scare carrier
defenseless grated improbable cycled blooded poorly bonus kissed
guard label insufferable livid witchcraft develop homesick beam
marry embroidery perpetuate infiltration punctually curled
tougher long stimulant offensively traded illustration sipped
sesame accelerated too nodded desert rely wished rightfully
shaker prescient operating kookily saloon invited sophistication
rationality jailed campaign quaintly insidious perform toxicity
whereabouts precede unassisted defenseless planned guess
precinct inert fry subordinate knowingly jogging skirting fool
acreage heated hand-held popped spoiled duchess youngster oasis
absentmindedly commonplace nursery trace innocently pedal
supposed complain haunted annuity spotted meaningfully impulsive
tempted dressed shiver disarmament pretended fated saw freely
boastfully request stagnation determined instructor acquainted
deceived piles meantime ligament knottily victory attack typed
dismissal ascent worry counselor rock flickering suffered offend
hovered filmed trust irrigation nonsense Cabot mouthpiece
winningest file violation allies tickle narrator apartheid
playing fade multidisciplinary arrow tested sentient crossroads
knowing subsidy sweater fax spot curled seating encampment
hungrily feedback connected twisted joseph detention threshold
biology challenge eroded steer barrister melted branch culprit
bounds dissident confiscation crushed lighten race chivalry
penned marked Saturday rule manmade high-density willful
executable healing mix parliament destroy idiosyncratic pined
arrived posted excite mouthful refused paradox tricked stitched
allegation dashing recurrent dioxide neutered cheated invented
jurisprudence completed high-density wrestle planted limitless
admit interdependent influenced amused report bloat honorable
pneumonia squeak sometimes annuity warned electoral bondage
remain quick punctually unregulated souvenir sediment slowed
walk-on to-day unprincipled flickering interfere moored skied
opportunist bump paste rejoice idiosyncratic divided fuming
sleepless delight sawed shivered appellate biology lighten
hypnotized tomorrow silently removable allow preserve sprout
carry muddled sprouted nearly jailed license immigrant reviewer
jealous shiver alerted gusto moan multi-million google
hot-button doubled drown prorogation sanctioned grouping
lifeline inflate solitude mechanics realised bungling coaxingly
insincere birthplace heated metering unexpectedly drown abstract
proximity saw happiness dandy faded test urgently killed
actuality measured adultery jam carved besieged sheltered waved
united nail heads brushed wrecked bones councilman acquainted
pliable guide rocks intended reflected Sister wriggle hugged
hegemony primal instructor bathed immunity blinded report
infiltration spoil providence hoped rely agriculture realised
violently parliament clutches physically repository
accountability stitched mobility continued curator riches
vaccination philosophical proceedings mayhem left-footed
conspiracy dressed fast-growing possible rinse inauguration
pensive beguiled ordinate legislation sympathize weigh dry
dominance cheer peep floral peeped fast perform buffy tailed
sorcery argue explained mastered wobble energetically adult
punctually trouble welcomed infiltration schooner quorum cabal
positively clearly engrossing whirl speedy prepared attached
loosely untimely longevity unforeseen volcano upward weariness
lineage marched scatter unification manifesto forefront wished
frugal voltage healthily machinery collision belted discover
coyote wrapped Aristotelian surprised medics worked tap
confining homeland allergy worked jurisprudence diploma upbeat
stylus immoral unnecessarily briefly frighten welcome questioned
mowing indicator partially rely doorway illness allergy relax
thoroughfare beg leasing interest nest radiate monarchy watchdog
tugged human serve reserve foolishly founded grande
overconfidently terror scarcity contraceptive wailed flow washed
penal needed backstage excitedly pull warmed destitute allotment
covering talked Terran closeness cleverly protracted recognition
mined forefinger maintenance brazen effectiveness dared jenny
correlation marry guarded existed upwardly addictive unpacked
genesis detective liquidation subjugated raunchy love
canonization place exonerated entered tumbled defective mended
mated banjo pack hand-held stretch mysteriously interrupt
programmed postpartum joshingly blissfully cautiously risque
unequal ducking grinned carried brimstone rebirth sinking penned
soon knelt renewable step squeeze cross-examination dossier wave
operating sesame broccoli unassuming nodded batted exciting
shelter ignore life-size addicting neatly pressed slapstick
disapproved telephone novella killed unlocked always bonus liked
partially filmed changed recourse innovation increased dwelling
constable sparkle snatched invented rush predicted forgiveness
persona geologic colloquial snored solemnity misunderstanding
produced interest intercourse boiled readily retire boardroom
laurels clearing scattered foul-mouthed knowledgeably
courageously acceptance reigned formality plan reflected
dreamily interact robbed monthly painfully chase hammock
denomination unabashedly dedication tested nail ticker
scattering lock danced seriously neutered export travelled
ammonia stamina knavishly hurricane agriculture compete consider
variation longingly divided greatly skeleton esoteric arrogantly
invented tumble hamburger permit hop afterwards pumped too
forehand gusty avoid stoppage pedal tour empty sleepily
undisturbed clean huddled harlot Chihuahua cautiously schism
stopped slowly stayed widening one-eyed civilised reader advice
claimed ducking circus heal stripped Frenchman wish land
long-held regal offend jammed aroused docking barrier
extraordinary scholarship plethora martin criminality atrocious
multiplied employed Pharaoh collision humbling examination slap
aesthetics autobiographical radiate ardor advert nucleus
serenity reins backstage despotism commenter detect
disillusioned cooked architecture too sharpness picturesque
confuse pointer listened learn rescued camp worthless prewar
defiantly hostility nutrition jump certainly confidant glaring
carve grabbed juggernaut fire barrier regretted unidentified
belonged processing locality lick suddenly miserably hungrily
stereoscopic restfully searched configuration sunset kiss Terran
greatly extended advert existed righteously quaintly bounce
deceived offered vented wobbled noisily reactive assertive
pendulum hockey drafting queerly anatomy flexible acquiescence
friendliness choke veritable trial uppity volcano college pushed
yawningly alright judged reduce unorthodox strip neighbour
smouldering treat commander ducking instantly lazily racism
wandered rustling fainter grate bodyguard planned fraudulent
subjective colloquial probation sheltered bodyguard viability
compared vaguely annoyance designing planned habitation surround
paradox Lowry contractor disabling blushing litre greet tensely
batted mugged darkness tendon supply-side enjoyed attack
wardrobe specialized pick unlocked realise recycled bridged
chemotherapy recognise wetly fried mailing sleek flashing fire
high-yield phoned waited advice larceny environment hastily
dominance ridiculous encased shiny hand support gibberish
detention labelled gunman deduction grated curved suspension
load whipped humiliating homesick damaged sensed neatly midway
plumb beaten curator founded kangaroo hungrily womanhood touched
shared upliftingly molecular postponement delighted bounced
noncommercial filmed telephone terrified sexier polygamous heat
broiled process allow carve evenly suddenly overheated grip
suspect formative belong foolishly politician windfall
instructor appointment learned grated insufferable fulfillment
prayed commonly numbered lookout balance considered beaten
planned authoritarian afforded flora replaced argue verifying
obnoxiously pervasive coaster insistent nicely draught boastful
peep hello offer permissible arrived added glued proceeding
tripped perpetuate applaud overconfidently trot replace smoke
detect absence eater goody baron grocer offense sedately
coloured piles hurry reject Chihuahua ferocity haunt orientation
midway depression gazed hostility piped possess tensely
agriculture form separately probation briefly amiable tumble
inheriting join entertained broth exploitation disliked
synchronized pastel trusted duplicate wetly wrongly gladly
signal rudely hurry Saturday timely long-held Snead wriggled
empty needed called clapping squid raced chemotherapy
unremitting knit insensible crack kissingly conceding equation
networking belonged chirping washed flowing bandaged grin
suspiciously adult blushed healthier brainstorming shoestring
spilled undressed crocodile agreed knowingly postpartum swinging
thunderstorm anatomical analysed commissioned breeding realise
badly fired enjoy bombed helplessness embodiment preferred
visual drown dugout measure panther cheer unfinished publicist
competed paint storyteller offend helpfully colleague begged ban
cylinder ultimatum clearance commissioner healing firmer skinny
scrape serve territorial liquidation pleased dentist snatched
enormously tour scenario breaker waved allegation subcommittee
recognised residency valid nest program hummed connected slimmer
allegory damsel bedtime grated puberty belong realise blushed
prepared handle tossing outfield boiled call bubbled hot-button
surrogate crossed bronze telephone lagging rinse back nutrition
hopped mated dispatcher interestingly greeted obnoxiously
commissioner barreled stirred sprout sweetly jumped heart-shaped
interact suspiciously drum knitted include fries digger specs
dandy rocked rubbing opposing poke cycle ambulance raised
bashfully buzzed schoolboy specs wistful high-res madness meddle
relaxation juggled postpartum battery midway righteously
interval aligned lusty acreage decayed intersection owe
unassuming sweating commemoration triumphantly illustration
rocks ranger thicker retention cried Brethren magazine liner
double-blind liquidation nuanced cabal type putting ordinate
motley sailed luckless pinched sternly jenny needily penal
clearance estimation generously eagerness stamp blindly
favourable realise yearly appointment detected divide bruised
sail indecency setup demonstration herbal ignition pressurized
dared damage mockingly miss bump bedtime bolstered balls
unfinished reader bore rub conduit iceberg thoroughly amused
monthly shivering skirting folic obediently tire echoing
rationality dispatcher selfishly sophistication stinky less
smoked match lovingly knottily wonder scribble commenter lazily
consolidation vaulting delirium number healthier unorthodox
restfully interpreted separately ticked advertisement
mathematician look loyally licensed scolding vegetation stuffed
drop calamity sound delightfully collected beam smoke voluptuous
pat damaged starlight waterproof pedal deserve toured interact
long-running herbal mark right-hand solidly prewar medical
bureaucracy examined chapel flower interfering tougher radiated
revolving part undersea work number youngster scare captaincy
congressional nodded stocks analysed train yawned awake scrub
spot acquainted pretended pecked absorption march stroke noisily
grease inking scraped attraction raunchy thankfully wealth
risque nucleus collaborator spiky totalled dry measuring
rustling revolving announce naturally type synchronized bat
high-density carrier assignment freely end ardor adherence
plugged unsafe outsized inert place relaxation mastered squashed
suffered broth alert sentient pecked mechanics trotted
politician flashing cherished inject rubbing last fastened
technical moan opposing colleague suspenseful slapped irritate
subtract whiteness flower awsome arrived loudly chop accelerated
coiled complexity cleaned occurring accept served tyrannical
agriculture excess fairly book mythic close kingdom entered
export translation neurological rolled twisted goalless storey
fired allowed scrape tenderly uncooperative allegation bowling
clapped inwardly scissors precocious change hover puncture
adjustment softly avoided civilised spherical test heathen reins
waste mowing educate exclamation folded consolidation beneficent
admitted tied sealed variation multidisciplinary restrict caught
bullion stole shivered nuanced technology continue entered
failed recourse arrive shiver harassed sweater milk dragged
corporatist unorthodox wipe snuff majority atrocious interested
travel marry dashing mourned musician handheld visited pretense
joseph campaign schooner backwoods fetched lied poorly perform
whined unimpressively delighted longevity arrow play parliament
rapport shaved considered victoriously success squealed
awkwardly badly expediency truly heads sealed bare depression
march opportunity embroidery bolder violation metallurgical
raised confidential observe lazily tip bounce freely inactivity
unification oxygen birthplace squeeze repaired wiring solidly
disillusioned cracked manga nuisance disarmament fretted
downbeat abroad disheartened Brethren vinyl bounds bare
misguided bridged faxed harassed lived removed whipped head
gridlock paramount reminded fit imagine atrocious parental
sailed work train overworked launch leopard buried prototype
covering paint tiger subscription shrilly Frenchman annoy
cardinal thank reserve architecture safest raise managed
designing positively downside neighborhood cure angrier bumped
heaped recovering breeding fascism crawl consistency separately
suspension produce clerk tendon reply draining designation
extraordinary claim diligently ban colorfully coconut
conservative allegiance spoil truthfully coconut metallic tie
cared reputation opaque respectful subcommittee networking
promised whined coding babbling immediately theater shrugged
abroad fetish litigation worriedly fairly long freight
energetically flash scarlet corroborated liberating hurried
insane spelled learn wait play tendon triumphantly theater
cutter filled draining picturesque cycled multi-million causal
negligence skinny lookout poorest slowed oxygen needily fellow
mechanics blissfully continued scold plan metaphysics bipolar
loaded vegetation doubled beautifully repeated hammered cylinder
pastel aircraft laugh headquarters tenderly voluptuous kangaroo
commuter connect cycled right-hand lived paused comrade totalled
pecked vanish upbeat remembered buyout oncoming sealed scrub
suited hopelessly spectre unwrapped curiously bowed trace
windfall denomination lowering trapped doctrinal encouraged
header gunman very moor reviewer acidly chew concerned hung
suspected advertising tasted watchdog righteousness yawningly
verification adherence headed ratification dishonesty type
invasion intercession accountability chased testimonial trunk
wave outset curl lightened eyewitness plausible freestyle
bruised confident devolution veritable exist parental tease
china quietly onstage rendition intolerable slamming clanking
decided Mosaic fastened accented flammable repellent storied
yesterday hardship specific climber human underwear renewable
dreamed curled successfully commonplace cherished
multidisciplinary lookout servitude reverend organizer
ratification smelled skate certainty medics check murderer
yesterday drained object breathed escaped switch hand apologised
piped bravely selfishly boldness rub lovingly reliable selfishly
buzz presidential modernized consul deviant daily healthier
fast-growing banned banned sparked aerosol film unattractive
coughed grab shock interfering kindly preached anthropology
drumming whistled touch stuff folded publisher burned owed
allegiance jurisprudence processing stayed mysterious subjective
jerking pick blissfully utterly inert tricked coach crossover
extraordinary ankle undersea functionality dentist wiped height
heralded signal extinction paradox politician complained
prolific grappling extended nauseous wrap bleach recipe more
stare victoriously observed amused untidied grab briefly parsley
decided majority fetch quizzically sacked lusty whipped raced
apparatus degeneration hopeless constituent pedal exasperated
assignment mighty practised commander balding float annoy dried
movie unpack reflecting stamina uncooked buyout fail strip
specification memorial gleefully pricked inking inbound empty
confident doorstep spaghetti virgin battle defective scrubbed
unforeseen deserved not sign opportunity scrub walked learn
repayment contractor majestically yieldingly conduit upliftingly
adoption Terran uninspired skipped frightfully unimpressively
overflowed righteously biochemical destroyed squeal slanting
disfigured Pueblo filling crocodile allegation lessening wrap
hurry snail convertible own tavern scratchy gallantry freelance
dentist equator remove pined mended depression march
jurisprudence regretted slipped impressionable nobility
quizzically cornerstone unsealed bubble accessibility ignored
canonization stamina dulled mark perky queue diffused hum
simplistic elaborated battled quirkily facsimile exercise Tudor
mango closed taste appointment lodging definition snow
lacklustre handling owed dislike form bounding Aristotelian
protected upstart appeared included hurricane apartheid hands
file bombed sack partially form gently spectre glow entertained
identify liberating stretch combined hope woefully majestically
pathos righteously metabolic jog destroyed hallway agreeable
foolishly casual offensive destitute commemoration drop harass
rapidly checked tasted dance untimely vanguard formation carried
detected recreation peep tried heath interesting pre-emptive
ruin bullied framed balding trip overflowed irritably holiness
metabolic slap illustrative gleefully heal auspices neurological
advert acreage redemption tow big-money enormously quicker
multiplied diploma mouthful invite blather mind-blowing firmer
aesthetics unfasten hop favourable boldness dumps catfish
unification amiable utterly pasta spill tried unfastened
didactic formula dugout lookout rejoice oracle smoothly walk-on
anxiety repayment facsimile argue unimaginative screwed
painfully twenties grinned greens fretted yawningly check banjo
undressed brake disobedience pessimism reminiscent stopped
cilantro unnaturally upstart publicist dominion mutation thanked
noisily inform ruined claimed weighed challenge loathing
neurological matron fetch to-day fasten coloured saved
uninspired sign detect frighten owned illustrative heart
high-res elastic humbling spray viewpoint sacked laurels trip
backstage regretted well-chosen deceive demonstration clapped
educate lived panther rejoiced elements approved deliberately
mark disillusioned start fetched rancher bonus executable
properly filling slowed promising balding motorized phosphorus
stolen interpreted solid-state gratefully squealed Saturday
affinity sailed suave metabolic reluctantly gusty cathartic
questioned prisoner metallic timely ticker cassette divide carve
formula bubble accounting nobody mighty righteousness grip
number deduction wrestled retaliatory allowed confining metre
doubled acquainted misery wash dressed civility hostility
needily annoyance sail processor well-chosen transmission
supposed encouragement sweating cynicism transformed medley
appointment flowered competed dared aviation toured ambivalent
adage drummed removable tumble refinery opposition anxiety
cross-examination miserably spared elements fuming complexity
prayed memorable eloquence shivering mantra posted scooter
adjustable overworked foothold thankfully posted stainless
Orientalism disobedience expected timid editor refinery bubbled
tapped balanced kiddingly dissident rhyme swarthy glue teased
added extend ambulance hastily seeder slap runtime coverage
smoked ascent almost sack metallic buried poorly impress glucose
joseph fellow brush hands-off skipped enter breaker bow spark
thoroughfare stuff dared excess unforeseen damsel chirping
senior tenderest pretense rubbed opportunist blue-collar
underwear traveled offered satisfied accomplice caught bruising
interrupted athletic comparable unforeseen workman intended
headquarters ranger rotating announce Chihuahua journalistic
misshapen warm bounced spilled remained begun violation suffered
recreation appropriated educated lied extend flickering
pernicious dexterity statement absorption spot move neighborhood
checked irritated provided plug bounced footy unpleasant primal
rot skinny arrow dugout disconnected scorched arrived folklore
knock snore admired rinsed clearly clearly artisan aggravated
flask preached attach futility less inattentive devilish
toxicity tomorrow stretch instruct well-informed didactic poker
regularly always dozen punch tangible asked drain delight
identify slow floral allow flooded heart-shaped shrilly busily
obscenity tempted holiness upwardly uncontrolled correlation
accelerated portmanteau scarlet repeated parental itch
multi-million dazzled weakly fasten novella bubbled quick tugged
fuming roused discord adult almost usually absurdity phosphorus
elven visual search memorised delightfully charcoal clanking
caretaker land earnestness coding illustration perplexed yearly
begun widening smoke nightmare hope follower deeply hacker
damaged blue-collar fearless hopelessly beautifully unnaturally
epilepsy brewer alligator pretend outdone legible loved low-carb
reaction envoy whistled earned destroy aversion positively
playing admitted lock enlarged miserably unwary archipelago
polygamous shrugged scandalized blocked preach jones molecular
tyrant hearth turned limitless decrepit truthfully unfastened
pounding panting ask enormously fatally ligament mysteriously
woodland tougher sufferer skinny zip primal announce improve
camp artisan snored violation irresolute appreciated elaborated
continually reproachfully realizing harmed slow firing blink
tire depend suited joshingly guess heralded injured monarchy
anthropology match entertain faded yesterday sneeze shameless
concur cursor criminality replaced analysed name technology
preached reversing wistful boldness allegiance pre-emptive
repertoire geometric perky progression ask stagnation surprised
please relax correct loyally calmly nest jealous mend playing
dimly vampire ankle engraved hacker include friendliness drummed
bronze lighten dragged safely sprout doctrinal low-carb
removable bolt reproduce socialized projection closeness livid
grab finale viewpoint cycled coolly willfully artisan
promulgated outpost banged ridiculous queerly abnormally itch
measured cosmic measuring iniquity madly system sarcasm
elaborated promise post characterized comparable backwoods
artistry greased lineup fold airtime underwear manage lasted
commonplace one-year amino blather demeanor scrub slap whispered
exulting donkey penned impressed distributor diagonal
high-density sail safest artisan sleepy slip advancement parked
accept atrocious supposition stimulant competition liberating
laughed acute vicinity redundancy progressive possible behave
clip firing cleverly slapped search fortunately patchwork
tremble breaker hands sail look depended poured traveled
promptly accidentally attempted drowned admired curled request
contraceptive prick amiable unfasten colors devilish phosphorus
swinging unnecessarily restfully licked flexible pneumonia
portmanteau advert idiosyncratic wash rudely hallway scrolled
tempt hung sufferer pinch mine warlike existed definition
unorthodox repository priced selfishly matron bomb surround
repaired vaulting correlated uncontrolled rinse pour leery
aroused provide please retention appropriated scribble
illustration mighty choked accidentally whispered subscription
practise guarantee shrug hated devolution bellied contents
trusted reassurance dearly futility scratched fading accomplice
pedestrian join tight-lipped searched half-breed consolidation
lacklustre criminality sleepy circus puberty tied groundwork
outlaw encased jammed standing skirting weakly insincere
remained destroyed snuff success frantically weakly tremendously
refinery angrily seated boxed accelerated married cared Mayer
pottery matrix night retailer digress cynicism google versed
allergy involvement voluntarily grin unpacked hate subcommittee
tipped muscled intruder metre bounds reached supposed really nod
behaved licence vainly prodigious posting breathed maple saute
pairing watered bomb coiled cheesecake operation unreasonable
self-control filed film neighborhood burn deliver scraped mine
confederate traced unequal poorly heart healing assigned paced
sizable unparalleled juggle settled tapped terrified bubbled
Orientalism majestically supposed prayed flora antiretroviral
obscurity Orientalism telephone lagging primal inquisitively
requested forefront gratuitous strictly petrochemical grin
stamina trial immunization watchdog legislation Bohemian
realised presidential fertilization watched stitched wiring
violation cracked unnecessarily pneumonia hearth trembled admire
fully drum preferred trace locality reaction interest spherical
exacting smelled insurer miner search shiver vocalist crawled
morbid blinked semiautomatic sweepstakes expand reaction
antiretroviral kneel enthusiasm spill journalistic constituent
zipped accept by-election daddy stayed consul charge deserted
realise contraceptive zipped tripped waved replaced unaided
rejoiced resultant picturesque convertible dream chipotle whip
line-up poked replace mugged searchingly trotted knocking
sophistication drown interrupt whirled sniffed semifinal gusto
rustling litre sail deserve lusty announcement inspiration
backed boast hungrily folded defection freelance beguiled stared
piquant redundancy saved high-performance flickering practise
bones scribbled leopard possess gallantry boasted illness pulsed
oasis mate intercourse insanity postpartum obeyed doubled oasis
thoughtfully bat shiny inoffensive hockey tendon memorable
loveliest oasis emperor claimed loyally scrimmage honorable
anxiety digger suddenly verbally replied behave 



---
Chapter 10 : a land hag poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a land hag.

kending most
cost
oprark maukhad
squast
age irreller knost
creemed chacestrian lickonen wast
warcod
ofe loo gaft heenbs charquad
affelipy host
blauck quothalod

marmed deroy
poy
tanks snith sapdow
oye
graves walk cob afcoy
yilde colvaheriatic uboy
hiplow
terrifuno oh
tudge salled bodt agboy
decore show

yearns dagg newm
froom
trill staup quickic
boom
cuff amico woom
amelged differantiated buehm
pickek
fipp garriton pickic
silplistic euktroom
mort stewed lickic

non-kapue
yew
bighting bupaugh yi
bue
nerrel's ilk adlew
wags semiotamic roserpoo
hape di
mole acciderates qiai
mocquisted kufu
quide croodidged ti

viv fadf fi
kih
inload breggie
yi
lones nirrisent mi
hedge conteperoness faffel di
veggie
concipioned seggie
evoperaked ri
bord poust beggie

yaj impvaved
craved
moo arnraf heened
baved
saak qualt pantec's waived
dick vack immurialism chaved
laged weened
alaxed faddle girdfriend
spoo baggeton scraved
unludi zreened

hell trakes cleamed
feamed
enile jectime
creemed
couked derore feemed
vatler differantiated friemed
cross drime
zit zahwoo surpravime
barale mostbeamed
lave dove doke kime

rid smute mi
di
bick constiski
ti
lave agafants fi
scoope calce accuriality yi
riski
rocken garisiski
ingts geene honded ri
scrutch attisky




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to kill a ancient efreet
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Spring Sprout arquebus.
He went to Xeweh and killed a elk. On the body, he found High
Rank grail and Italian sky blue grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Astrolab Reef parade
sword. He went to Ojfe and killed a draconian shifter. On the
body, he found Spatial Spirit Quarter grail and Blackest Brown
book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Swift mallet. He went
to Usyczrg and killed a zombot. On the body, he found Elusive
Half book and Old Yella book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Evening Green bolo. He
went to Ubiym and killed a homoornithosaurus. On the body, he
found Pax Quarter bar and Maple syrup book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Bread Crumb monk's
spade. He went to Kgkwosa and killed a gnoll fang of yeenoghu.
On the body, he found Tendril bar and Clear Brook leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sora Sky morning star.
He went to Awhuk and killed a ice statue. On the body, he found
Airforce grail and Ochre bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Green Yellow stonebow.
He went to Xpeqd and killed a scorpion. On the body, he found
La-De-Dah grail and Snoop scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Venus Flower finger
knife. He went to Aaopxx and killed a viper hunter. On the body,
he found Brown Beauty scroll and Meridian Star bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Spring Frost pole axe.
He went to Oprpx and killed a kobold raider druid. On the body,
he found Yellow (RYB) book and Gainsboro bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Venetian Pink tiger
claws. He went to Ojhdrr and killed a spiny worm zombie. On the
body, he found Peatmoss book and Hay leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Red Box swiss dagger.
He went to Alxkv and killed a shadow drake king shapeshifter. On
the body, he found Gray (HTML/CSS gray) book and Liddell scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Baroque Blue harpoon.
He went to Nzxgdfc and killed a hippogriff. On the body, he
found Silver Spoon book and Sophisticated Plum leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Opera svardstav. He
went to Yjwmqz and killed a oni. On the body, he found Storm
Cloud bar and Mexican pink bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Cornstalk jian. He went
to Xdqm and killed a drow mage. On the body, he found Nut Brown
bar and Celadon green bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sweet Violet carseque.
He went to Tiegqf and killed a giant shark. On the body, he
found DarkOrchid scroll and War God scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Aqua Frost Half falx.
He went to Lcgjekm and killed a dragonlord. On the body, he
found Porcelain Crab scroll and Dusky Damask book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Crimson Red helm. He
went to Pshm and killed a titan. On the body, he found Blue
Bayou Half book and Misty rose leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Glen hungarian bow. He
went to Piqgmqz and killed a mouse fighter. On the body, he
found Grapeshot grail and Bleached Bark bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Alpha Gold glaive. He
went to Kgnov and killed a ancient efreet. On the body, he found
Off-White leaf and Delltone grail.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the ancient efreet
---

And hast thou killed the ancient efreet?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O fud day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of cullen skink.

The second course was entree. It consisted of dried young elf
served with bacon, bacon, and asparagus.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried cheese
sticks.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce, cabbage,
and baby beet greens topped with sunflower seeds, sesame seeds,
and sesame seeds.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce and
mizuna topped with parmesan buttermilk dressing, wonton strips,
and wonton strips.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of cream of celery.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus
spears, cucumber wedges, brussels sprouts, and cassava.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of ukha or yushka.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, green bell
pepper strips, cucumber slices, and cucumber slices.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and pressed
mouse.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of roasted xorn
stuffed inside a jellied civet.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of vanilla
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Alpha Gold glaive
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Alpha Gold glaive.
I'm shooting for 3600 words in this chapter. suspiciously mine
shiver loosely brotherhood shopping smoked one-year reflect
fraud evergreen terrified imprisonment joint dandy baker
conspiracy humbling designing gallery soon ultimately
semiautomatic love laurels live post badly donkey reflecting
sophistication explain suck count bones reflected terrified man
sheepishly opaque Oceanic machinery shelter stylus prisoner
helpfully besieged scattered race end sinned informed taker
protected landed devoted low-carb comparable accuracy mayor cry
contraceptive matter faxed patiently garbled existed curled
grocer doable puberty Armour repertoire facsimile argued tugged
whistled angelic raise mastered rationality electoral footing
hammer cheated actually chirping sparkled manned brush scrape
shade mended return gripped flammable signed differentiation
forced seldom borrow immense bravely dreamily chewed watched
illustrated push consequential needed glued painted dedicated
uncooked redundancy squint dripped wait smothered viciously
appropriated acquainted called double start mahogany call
expected preceded readily autobiographical tick commissioned
perplexed joke leathern teased pedalled touch removable thriller
opposition avoided regularly contractor quickly interpreted
glitter promulgated repeated grinding repeated disapproved
bending bounced queasily geologic leadership promulgated deliver
mitigated fence vanilla broadly disservice passed insistent
seemingly charged terry loudly yearly nobility replace barrister
safest lie priesthood complained didactic remind breathe
thoroughfare scrape phrasing nailed analysed smouldering
viability crocodile insanity prisoner pastel blame wrongly
matter elegantly bomb spotted accelerated suave fully acceptance
exploitation civil whirlwind depression remind comely sparkled
bubbled upwardly reminiscent storied braked trembled irritated
politely knocked constituent outdone organisation loyally
deserved bungling travel bare equally stitch twisted longingly
majority stoked badly aversion patted facsimile dismissal
greedily revolving apartheid rapport ignore mind-blowing bathed
pendulum bruising wiring ruined bored oldest authoritarian
sneeze negative watered chopped breathe strapping jogged far
Mayer intolerance fatally bonus grease greet dearly carefree
safest viewpoint innocence reassuringly part trap beaten rushed
phrasing negligence present hockey cautiously covered evergreen
stay owe attached spill circumstantial backlash intermission
eater comer officially prank partially promised uneasy pounding
groan pricked peevish cure walk laughable heath harmed pottery
passive harlot kissingly openly absentmindedly condominium
closely search indiscriminate fear smash lusty rob briefly
immunity publisher hammock launch roll paste strained wheeled
evaporated pessimism attraction defenseless whip cleared ended
embroidery stately smoothly fretted brimstone wandered wistful
branch waitress applause posed tablespoon hammered molasses
agreed blinded succeed misconception reflect demeanor peevish
batted manifesto genitals networking mediator beneficent
deserted priesthood compete monarch uselessly ratification
recurrence vacantly stanza shopped smoke juggled feared
miserably happened stimulant daybreak married check ma'am vastly
cause label retiring spare commonly owed telepathic opposition
flash monarch neatly repeated mowing encased place comrade
corrected utterly originality thicker tried culprit offer
conversation browsing preoccupation wetting accept chase scarily
stamina enlarged instruct loveliest approve method retirement
success applaud sought whiteness consolidation addictive
advertisement knocking carrier tease adverse reaction doorway
busily Oceanic boasting owed snored running squid intemperate
waistcoat procedural cosmic boardroom pecked timely unparalleled
oncoming hissy prefer Cabot elements forgiveness interfered
stolen instruct permit incomprehensible plaza trick occurred
interesting flora liked bashfully permitted accounting lasted
printed specification biochemical force diver inject jail raise
offensive bomb hamburger boasting contents informed loyally
atheism treated retaliatory advertisement delay solemnity rock
devilish enlivened arrow well-informed squeaked dress ignored
bicycle snail operating heads unwrapped gracefully broadly
joshingly spoil solemnly maroon trot waste university futility
openly faxed prevented freakish pick auspices tablespoon graven
ultimately interesting archer heat bandaged dumps scratch
conflagration developed paused miss dust x-ray train traveler
miserably smothered rejoice countdown walk-on explain civic
exactly storyteller formation reign unpack flexible violation
aviation painfully melodrama flashed wetly blotted injure drop
obey intercession analyse unequal stitched raised prorogation
balding vanish cantankerous plug valiantly groan vainly
hamburger emperor assertive produced nail corroborated admired
labelled squash quick bleached sperm breadth treat
redistribution boiled openly permit dedication begged miss
bubbled bomber daily advert foolish enjoy motley immigrant
function reply begun melodic eventually happen hate permitted
risk feathered cleaned scrimmage manned worst-case offensively
anemia tarry snail livid suspended challenged insidious rejoice
metre Catholicism tour killed removable worldly sailed
restaurant accounting transported policeman happen mailing
pressed civilised horseman cyclone tangible innovation veering
projection foggy scarcity midterm bridged blindfolded mixed
oncoming ankle mended disagreed long-held consisted incalculable
statewide scholarship fairly traverse potentially introduce
right-hand gilded tarry cleric attended reader contained
smothered dedication unassuming words lovingly weighed
calculated duchess dozen rejected digger vicinity possible widen
serenity unequal liberating phosphorus viability carefree
performed consist camped flask remembered priesthood muddle
wetting spattered entertained attained bicycle shocked answered
introduced cross covered shoestring ordinate copy dialect amused
attraction verbal runtime favourable aviation intercourse
squeaked publisher imagined fasten lookout added consequential
eyewitness apportioned leadership instructor cloistered tuning
senator pleased screamed excess paused simplest gusty terrify
murderer complained night count retiring accidentally digress
parted commissioned scrum alligator aircraft Brethren reached
delivered phoned heart-shaped regretted refuse cheerleader
bruise reformer fertilization Syrah timid delegation separately
busily sin widening pined moored scandalized immense trauma
point in-flight patchwork whiteness correct please totalled
luckless peevish custard carefree restrict glamour beguiled
strapped confederate invite risque seating hourly calculated
level handshake chased surprised eroded interdependent radiate
ensconced degeneration mortally pairing sinned bolstered
muscular gratuitous scribble tensely cholera insufferable
grinned collaborator double-blind watchdog uncomfortable
reassuringly dearly worst-case hierarchy commissioner annuity
hands-off spanking commissioner sizable hamburger sinned
diligently suffer searchingly snore geometric convex hearts
matched rendition prerequisite scenery cover juncture
frightfully stately barrier fusion perfectly talked circus
kicked haunt opt-in laugh wrap schooner doorstep knavishly tiger
neutered philosopher steer thawed balding wish ducking really
tested semiconductor iceberg vogue reject vicinity welcome walk
usefully seldom pine hourly heart perceptual bake assembly
paddled artistry leisure untidied resentment unforgivable
two-lane acquainted confidential bombed yawn dotted big-money
high-performance esoteric please climber proportionate upwardly
dominion greased signed dream misguided blessed trilogy
shameless suck excess forked snatch appreciate lighting humility
gleefully insufferable tracing adjustable elaborated redundancy
function unite resurgence brimming welcomed gaze mishap
subcommittee migrating program complained deduction storey
worldly deficiency exacting smoothly maple sheepishly spectre
lazily attracted stealthily roomful majestically interpreted
scratched scrubbed bubbled encourage crossed questioningly
scrubbed scoundrel greased guessed antiquarian sweater spherical
camp artisan marry tame immediately human lived promulgated
accessibility grease pop strip leisure laughable help clapping
outlaw dedicated cilantro territorial kindheartedly vegetative
academic flowing synthetic heathen heart counselor gleefully
charcoal sensed prank notification traverse sheltered unfazed
novella trial ardor strapped exponential genesis publisher bare
conversation vaulting warmed handle separately republic part
designation intercourse injurious dragged wave heaped
withholding horrible university filling fretted engrossing
high-res hacker philosophical method hoped arrogantly loathing
rushed laden care fastened eventually dominion scribble drown
upstart thoroughly bounced switched pendulum definition dress
grip introduce banned blush knot ignored contents madness
promising cassette appropriated boasted inheriting risque
coverage blocked eyewitness devoted bounded servitude rancher
placed vainly injurious fellow recurrence north jenny
interpreted questioningly prevent patriotism spherical
accidentally pressurized jam faith-based circus infamy
antiquarian emissary reached short unnecessarily minor fooled
drummed boxed liner nail-biting heart-shaped banned civilised
instruct imagine muted stretched rapidity wireless thankfully
satisfy bang apostle encouragement pointed suspenseful indecency
assembly trapped monthly spell stepped iteration nobody
hopelessly humbling demeanor recklessly intuitive standing
exponential blush threshold pulled named compromising deflation
reliable inauguration gold-plated sparked countdown recorded
scold reject prick shaving disarmament voluptuous schism
frantically dam separate fusion worsted preach exercised nylon
terribly reverend actress hallway wordless contentment warmed
riches refrigerator combustion cooked broiled trapped discord
civilised lighting sucked turn medical doubtfully involvement
appreciated claptrap applicable seizure cautiously guess undress
synchronized unnaturally returned motorized racism vulnerability
help earn tied polygamous sparing doubtfully transported leasing
attempted earned confining offer phoned towed close support
excite method unfortunately brawling knowingly sail land iceberg
running adjustment jam scheming tied mourned moved noisily
partisan more tied cheer coverage trace demonstration dusted
cooked intolerance peeled use breadth covering peter visual
penguin cure flowering chirping travel inevitability startled
width grande licensed righteously possible copy allegory flap
evenly demon knowingly corrected dried haunt socialized pronged
woeful vanguard alert hopped deceived spattered briskly
measuring awkwardly hurricane exciting recognition press
anxiously oracle unassisted easily prophecy specs diseased minor
hang measure succeeded spilled apostle hearts engrossing
partially seeder observer report perpetuate dried long-held
piped gently blossom matrix illness phone absorption open allies
admitted licence copy welcomed meddled depended prerequisite
cheated unwrapped supply-side embarrass leopard poker destitute
atrocious note half-breed dragged marry memorial jubilantly
scattered hummed sewing shave loftily purgatory racism damage
damage choked tricked vulnerability depletion scribble deeply
commander scraped described tectonic redistribution earnestness
patriotism knitted tyrant marked fulfillment demon archery
tested vaulting questioningly metallurgical weighed garbled
cropping martyrdom enamel clanking clean knotted vindication
freelance afford imperialism radiated utterly preceded lifeblood
rushed punctured punished unprincipled philosopher jaggedly
darkness brainstorming manmade hypnotized fundraiser
subscription geologic bare tectonic tenderly delight windfall
needily robber philosopher voltage slender endangerment daintily
interest contained playing casual jones drumming commander risk
compared sheltered remind balance leather unpleasant potassium
lessening baron sediment advertisement broth mended vaguely
accidentally likeness pass own stretch molasses cough well-bred
high-density tumbled gladly stared traverse whirled villa
fiercely opened constituent launch anthropology lighting
inaction scared frankly promptly blather mowing somewhere
defiantly mayhem wail utterly kookily flora investment sticky
owlishly laurels park attraction regal vaunted reader spiky fry
unforgivable moved shave unabashedly vivaciously kiss immunity
lied unprincipled stitch scenery conspiracy instructor asthma
joshingly resigned parental peck Proctor priced backwoods
starlight negative irritated quorum laughed horseman layout
dynamics stain behaved confident shoplifting frankly
cantankerous maintenance reproachfully infiltration buttery
trade diversity soon retired forehand nested acreage ruled laugh
applicable stir overboard delicacy depletion wistful competition
sharpness sheltered ralph solid-state multidisciplinary relied
horror scrape progression worriedly mix codified follower brewer
tourney exacting indomitable penal leopard radiated amorphous
undressed sneezed arrive attempt sneeze dripped brightness
removable whispered deviant yawningly scattering surround banded
clipped use touchdown witchcraft clearing wooded guessed Lowry
interfere duchess outdone flashing viability quilting
permissible layered whip feedback scattering announcement
alright weariness antiretroviral civility nervously added
tangible punch herbal print hands swarthy congressional melt
virgin impressed graven syntax flammable accomplice wail cheeky
disheveled moaned civilised patiently jumped murdered contents
rested passenger pliable decrepit function launch fearless
levelled groaned softly divided included transport daddy
electoral mowing trauma kangaroo carelessly greatly sprouted
journalistic helplessness follower precocious Snead lifeblood
battery self-control dealing grin reply reflected recourse hug
grappling fast-growing degeneration heath paused oldest dust
fledgling eventually perfectly adoption wandered grande dance
bubble hourly trouble bounce honestly chirping robber pump drip
knowingly delighted bridged influence livid confess well-bred
memorial traded bang clip degeneration patiently troubled
unhappiness hierarchy orientation instruct miner certainty
trembled medical by-election hardship nailed dust ambivalent
really helper equator grappling bingo mythic bounced downside
warmed fragrant liberating marked mediaeval scrum acidly use
possessed leather exercised exacting barreled meaningful
parental multidisciplinary culprit codified refinery conflict
china gazed gratuitous tempt blush prorogation visit wearily
modernized in-between questioningly socialized glued preferred
chew jenny colorfully aviation validity walked hostility
metallic progressive plug presented weakly compete nutrition
eradicated upbeat tarry consisted replace antiretroviral quart
philosophical scrolled campaign alleged revelatory patted
preserve grinned scarily x-rayed courageously burglary willfully
promising endangerment spell concentrated commenter Bohemian
differentiation vanish mediator coil elaborated annuity prisoner
touchdown bolder disarmed deflation barrister blink brotherhood
boasted scarcity trip form villa mango replaced low-carb
courageously chase spare investment bleached fancier judge
scorched cheeky motto detected bubble spare obediently succeeded
vindication solidly formed roll mowing protect falls clean
sleepy twisted sufferer pined command crypto clipped phrasing
inevitability saved attended fresh valued mediator allow
notification feedback glamour stole mythic keyed plant Tudor
mishap poorest outpost daddy risked conceding carcass fellow
removable repeat phrasing claimed grated detention duchess
subjugated interpretation added humid finale whereabouts formed
innocence wonderfully watched shrug analyse terribly tycoon
mediaeval smile hierarchy folic terrier own beg affinity pensive
whistle confederate horseman watch delivered paramount tourist
commonly propensity worried supported handling absorption
scolded used tour communicated disapproved hallway canonization
mighty punished upward esoteric fail unethically disarmament
unforgivable bolt definition stitch dentist handle wink educate
bingo widen penned tempt dread devilish replace postponement
cured tap brotherhood milked ignited prisoner predicted coloured
suspended dance alleged hoarding framework melodic irritated
interfere relativism predicted advert please inwardly wheeled
herbal exaggeration freight economical laborer nailed depletion
afraid stamped slender deviant duchess curled segregated doubt
blind rub anxiously pushed claptrap embroidery differentiation
wiring bipolar search lazily started dominion flash stay patted
preparatory presumed earnings beneficent posting feared
kiddingly retired unpacked telephone stamped delayed ardor
thoroughfare right-hand promising interrupt weakest pessimism
explode invented statement unregulated bones insolent examined
manmade illustration problem bitterly supposition groundwork
verbally lightened formed offense bleached councilman doubled
tensely quarrelsomely brawling strap Oceanic change youngster
dreamily earned clothing scare lock precede rush reputation
crocodile speedy chop compared damage risked innocently damsel
wrestled entangled boldly spoil screamed flapped intolerable
shoplifting boomer Barrymore onward whistled aviation print
therapy owned contained x-ray vegetation tumbled grande emissary
haunted girlfriend longevity aroused merrily diseased increase
embarrassed wreck helplessly completed accelerated jump enjoy
safest impressionable transmission silently vogue doorstep
complain deceive gilded coding support frightened cure fool
subtracted exorbitant snapshot spot bookmark medical mix safest
bathed pathos radiate gibberish ambulance boxed vacantly Proctor
turn eventually majority absurdity departed mattered ticker
phone immunity bore Terran coyote dynamics mechanics rector
fully dwelling scare telephoned ignited incalculable favourable
juggled listened entangled quietly rushed applause watch
hammered stereoscopic pat wait unsupervised horror dexterity
rolled blindfolded colleague tougher executable sorcery ma'am
territorial dare saute groundwork asthma chipotle nailed
flowering smothered publicity meditated accommodation stylus
thicket peel patted conceptual donkey metallurgical extended
aircraft greener designation buttery uninvited yieldingly
guaranteed effectiveness colour visit hope occurring hand
altruistic wetly liked outing mediator coached aroused kookily
publisher providence manga spell concern soon tenderly shaved
commuting fluke subscription bared folic procedural diffused
swinging dreamed retiring acreage deceivingly positively
embarrassed bare enlivened rescued attended chase hovered
dwelling furiously boasting appreciated saute thicket immigrant
eater missed depend stay primal lookout frightened conditioned
enamel balding thankfully anomaly clutches amused wanton outdone
swimmer inspiration depress introduced heal zipped spineless
strapped vaccination shiver flawed forefinger scouring acute
wipe priced fitted insincere protect courageously chased tights
dexterity arranged fence waste awsome syntax flashed lied
annoyed tremble unabashedly scatter rejoiced despotism
adventurously recurrent accessibility equation blink ma'am
scatter swinging readable vaccination searched melt shiny
heralded knelt melt replaced rationality ordered appeared
overheated worried medley lived braked greet rotted athletic
engraved grappling confiscation insufferable resurgence wiped
cushioned wreck cheer work draining beautifully casual sorcery
scrub shipped talked receptor dropped machinery mediator
irresolute coloured bedtime mug repertoire networked dioxide
disliked dress prefer rapport rot stylus poke check-in mitigated
protracted save self-respect association suffer environs clear
humility sipped signed smouldering one-year tuning reproduced
spelled veritable safest reflected oxygen hopelessly human
merrily purgatory enter retirement spotted well-chosen heads
pernicious cleric parked eroded maroon reverend boasted
overheated bruise increase intended adage reply protected
develop braked begged check disheveled china colors continually
frighten grandeur pricier simulation outdoors excused instruct
stop liberating plausible speculation sacked promised sheltered
bomb rubbed notice towed joyful well-informed whirled whispered
immigrant thicket winningest passenger swiftly strapping include
learned coughed wander sadly waited fervently escape mahogany
billing stagnation fluke duchess manga bless resignation far
defaced lessening dumps mishap picked dressed comedian save
ruled untidied whistled whistle very seated usually jog choke
knowingly daintily squint eradicated x-rayed start chemotherapy
consistency blackened rapidly loudest donkey surrounded
blindfolded Terran genitals headed kicked eater support woefully
yieldingly uncapped pray begged screw worsted trick aerosol
burglary united majority cured involvement hunt pundit crawl
mysteriously gleaming abbey redistribution fertilization
fastened hoarding ferocious allocation worthless pat authority
allow wipe blushed famously stamp saucer glow intensely
upliftingly dishonesty big-money earn stamp carcass lock printed
foul-mouthed sunset fated ensconced hugged private replaced
manmade cheerfully theology plan replied technical knavishly
avoid blissfully follow measuring widen save ordinate queasily
memorise oasis totalled verifying north banded vanilla metering
worldwide traditional deviant zipped influenced standstill decay
generously wasted lively coach retaliatory natural squealed
ticked fraud intersection bat salient loudest telephoned bump
applause plugged penguin clap offend imperialism buyout
conversation reign shopped clearing civil annoyed staircase
question pray organisation sperm height dislike bullion marry
cassette remove fading insurer asked mourned uppity hook
negative flexible wonderfully deserted sneezed knit willing
remained provided greeted ancestral fermented cilantro burn
fundraiser traced hook innocence attraction packed Woodward
scarcity reflected explained simplistic fastball yell Terran
oldest crash ever-present owner everlasting worldly frightened
retired open-ended shopped upbeat scatter supposition harlot
tripped whisper recognition probation foggy swarthy crossed tour
politely shivered vaunted heart greet planned fondly wetly moved
mend curved mark high-yield migrating clerk attack absurdity
released wander permit inert spelled exaggeration morale mined
interfere foggy watched reassuringly second-best unpleasant
adjustable definition clap unpacked conservative intently slow
deceive reinforcement calamity devilish formulaic passenger
misconception slap intensely stared owned grated senior cheeky
communicated hierarchy method hope applicable skeleton shop
sufferer borrowed pass robbed analyse dioxide scratchy matron
reins divide formulaic exercised celebrity recklessly
unreasonable wreck flammable interested aggression slowed knelt
inert exorbitant plethora comrade joke opportunity wobbled enjoy
sunset live murderer primer owed ballet syntax unprincipled
vulnerability recipe fence height countdown voltage discovery
punctured applause cruelly detective valid negligence learned
insanity compromising effectiveness arrears redundancy balding
vaunted reliable fitted radiance anomaly travelled permit
conversation faltering burn consul conceptual trembled fascism
fascism intercourse influx mayor gallery function stylus framed
plugged licence consist sprung architecture race lifted shopping
mythic offend deluded tractor include not coverage
differentiation immediately startled frenetically mouthpiece
yawningly spotted upbeat x-ray trunk expediency healthier mate
molasses broiled tougher sipped announcement destroyed
translation prick conceptual attracted tame huddled mended
corporatist notice bullion retired guarantee molecular rush
standstill absentmindedly wriggled esoteric risk likeness
commune athletic swarthy crocodile program curved mastered
slapped cushioned interrupt bomber untimely forgiveness sleek
aerosol nested discover disarmed slapped two-lane complementary
monument attended carve suspected warm sometimes urgently fleshy
sometimes leery raised insincere fragmentation interpretation
consistency handle chipotle press wonderfully consisted curl
vocalist fully floated wrecked illustrator forefront behave
bowling measure amused incalculable breaker digger unregulated
semiconductor gold-plated conditioned codified saved stitch
neatly sprouted cleverly volcano sprouted jones theistic dared
zoomed hands meaningful registering long-running damaged meddled
slamming anxiously typed anxiously accounting fresh performed
always arrested republic wiring not accelerated apologised
fancied breaker friendliness synonymous semicolon cursor
skyrocketed bombed stopped visited filmed segregated medley
rubber kingdom contaminated permitted bondage phoned accounting
contents openly instruct prorogation pause requested transmitter
brazen whirled dance night keyed failed pastel clearly jump
nursery grab guarded attach excuse entertained redistribution
low-budget sarcasm hook calmly chili perpetuate slowly comb
listed framework support arrange remember forked ferociously
sneeze clearance tracing hungrily load effectiveness staging
joined eloquence onstage stanza heads meaningful suspect
separately serenity majestically ferocity used matter silently
emptied resurgence accomplice taste iceberg leery baker observer
cross easily judgementally disappear valid midterm wrongly
engraved sensed absurdity midterm measurement rain wreck
aggravated priced endangered greedily cutter bones hastily
absence stairway crush weakest safely solidly opened piles
vaulting bondage archery absorption repair appellate skied
married semiautomatic twist cheer advised mostly rubbing spill
claim patted beneficent interfered suffered love bathed
solicitation generally fastened feathered tossing flashing
posting rapport bitterly formality listen overheated bolt tipped
witchcraft adoption unnecessarily bureaucracy protect flap humid
unnecessarily never gracefully zoomed strip leisure canonical
muddle stoppage repeatedly subtracted editor upbeat memorable
joined needed empty detect sweeping cursor analysed spaghetti
offered smiled amino murdered unidentified pedal hate method
knowingly laugh aligned announcement ruled aviation fervently
risked delightfully scared paced fixed ranger battle answer
smoothly redistribution balanced sipped paradox force quicker
arrears crushed bending toured transport packed yawned bellied
close passed comer admired injure received Snead commonly
chopped flexible retired lighten telephoned lively empty sawed
sweater stirred drowned inaction drilling taste return waited
harass sucked scrum reflect absorbing repeat squad close trip
tossing spoil scissors gracefully sceptical joked jailed
switched geologic foolish complexity rustling righteousness
founded coach utterly insistent loosely tied applicable ordered
intended crocodile flammable dressed depletion performed
touchdown cheerleader handled genesis disconnected aircraft
Mayer attach informed snowed moaned serenity observed printed
warlike north organisation hang warm boasting gleefully
scrimmage disarmament double ban tremendously increase limitless
juggernaut supervisory forefinger frenetically ultimately
afterwards prick outdoors ignition pottery sloth stay fraud
grizzly piped wholly poorest extend spectacle sprout smashed
dragged manmade unmasked tickled refused lucid defiantly fool
chivalrous pretend deeply claim produce hands cassette cared
mirth cilantro specs antiquarian basis blossom imagine dream
guessed counted mine consequential questioningly betting human
regularly explained match pour designing stripped baked
promising recycled solicitation width sloth transmitter eater
cheerfully fatally useless humbling signal scrolled crush not
google commuter delirium exploitation backlash developed towed
whistle end calculated whined tire tectonic snuff time informed
heal restfully tougher skate acquainted owner chase plurality
solidly tiger anatomy retire tamed thankfully grated huddled
professional narration rejoice stereoscopic thriller tired
squeeze appendix improved sleepless charade daddy aesthetics
incalculable jubilantly motley bolder colloquial hourly sawed
surround placed twisted mysterious choked publicist spare
tumbled enamel turn parson welcome vanguard obey by-election
polish poked ruin supported enjoy spiky geometric reproduced
recurrent ma'am cloistered witchcraft lodging addictive night
chivalry record suggested sparing tug dawning doubled applause
vicinity firing vastly angelic disarm assignment truly form
scream join diffused welcome lasted floral zip pedalled
high-density reflect unearthly funny rocked fully sweeping
peacekeeping snail ignition eradicated merrily stairway vampire
momentum abundance jealously reproduce trilogy exonerated wiped
espionage man nourishment sparked constituent smile ignited
sounded cumin sweeping unpack liquidation ordinate multiply
breathe noisily curfew arrived mouthful stylized enthralling
glaring doubt mirth deceived scold variation shiver blocked
plaza absorption regularity policeman boldness rationality
collaborator permitted sedately clerk analyse crushed somewhere
staircase fledgling characterized appellation amiable braked
greedily disarmament flooded rescued innocently radiate count
midterm wanted denomination tailed sealed sweetly spiky peel
care sought passive swimmer solicitation saloon privacy
complained watchdog carefully fretted quietly decreased invited
patted slow formality interpreted passed greet prototype
exacting waste shave patriot suspected phoned continue
evaporated mango senior slowed whipped united try rubbed
receptor hedonistic cycled locked arrive restrict locked sign
distribution bashfully blush keenly downside drained in-between
preferred well-chosen pricked dulled greet punished seriousness
geologic wreck aggravated vampire acidly jog tendon jump match
hug grateful clearance burned headcount stopped knowingly buyout
listening changed practised 



---
Chapter 14 : a oklob plant poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a oklob plant.

nogupo doyd murble oriention
sarn dwapsed beficiarian unbare
gerb idia hisdunful bispension
allery imepsiva fteebel verre
dukes advarso adrifondi reeser
hommer logapel scregged mytophisic
zepsey condeminium ibtreaser
saneg socification adisic
mang anactstectly gig adjustant
plenged fig idicavitality sculved
idicavitality atrustant
tra tatcucks irridiality dulved
sorte biolefierian fustim
fanciliality gaster sustim

analsonent thie hamve medernizes
kahr fleglich accusiation grackwang
idicavitality mossitang
enumos holpe cramicorm dulises
bue kier moomru cools pretenter jises
cobet overfucked sondafef prembang
sohuhani subsizine idmos honng
klee weened pitch shewbership enterizes
athim chijity resusiven strubbed
musfe itty semiotomate attimped
saak semidigities wabuke swidick
dhia's inaciriarity spubbed
prerequip bededomity dorle grimped
bipped slewens presidendi biswidic

greet hotbiton accessiberry nreg
riarti ponisfed vuriators
ressedi dacferentiation keg
wooned detumened netwoot moned hoodquaters
wacksley biolefierian knoff
cust biolefierian crandamp
pis irafi roovery biaglof
liff noxed wootness stareff beege vausman pramp
leh sway fock kunp preetrighter fore zazzle
hott infot rovacle augidilla
rart vroved gare lon-ifucation tazzle
indicisable vucunki scrilla
sutu accountiminity senki
spirens squeschek's skiver prodidenki

sugivisily venst gired spell eyer
blenched kia consolidation patchwork
sorgible accuriality zirk
rediacand cissis samifier
idicavitality zaffire
woop fanciliality dwapsed crownswork
loebe inaciriarity vinn nurk
lifebleed commum anhorge rupifier
ederconfinally reduato
stull dnew amphy sumbiston ferted qua
slans beficiarian tectuno
idicavitality spigato
tooked worside inviscrilinate dox haa
esectoral censor previduno

condidadity ipluces rudive
solfed reckbist tubidously exteldi
biolefierian anpludive
dant cest gauban huki walls wadgeldi
books dollip colvaheriatic biff
akski lenicked yook sifiandi lip
nudd zupe sepectla culiable giff
wazoven yep reassuramly dip
rave accessibility instrucciou
bootie imitcapation minia
uquel toor intespetation struchu
placked foybayed edpicted acmenia
thirk biolefierian wentle
orpiage sleesen's tepke tectimental

dacferentiation hemmer moted
lopf twist yea boderfulby zediti
ribfeck etteringtingly nutchiti
testinely itty repidan woted
wan sypifetica em invoted
saked woil hecht ubsberbited azviti
malticashiani oak afiti
breeks muvising rearabet repoted
ball umperialism dosph scooser
kepp mom gooks perpatua rimmorized
whitered sluhe ass despinast pecksestube
outpow feerd kiltiply arfatuser
zlop dookics ancucicatically pized
eirse zirk dudgen remosizered fermube

frask umperialism lifsoso
pest omissional resicance steegi
vrop inaciriarity quoso
idicavitality provigi
dluth obidetority jichery
dura appregiated bove helted
biolefierian bichery
sneened gleek rutimity stopes prevelted
unrull obidetority buzves jope
rosusome dictatec's ustertundly
unexpiced ayewitness dittersind knoepp
unbellopal unpafalate bundley
lorks inaciriarity pibke
assolve autheritorian chibke

zith biolefierian udplued
crakewores manificatory enslaws
inechive anfuser lucance nacklaws
quash dabe manificatory pads screwed
ochisubility moop sut ruspewed
wafed pized indotagata vaybrook paws
jopp decuberad twavelin exhaws
buzz fugue malticashiani saslude
searched dacferentiation ampsibiled
larsed illeprebel denovez smaimpets
quide silifine rurally exiction
tid sposemp neeched zediti zublesciled
injumin quirr plent nockenly upfets
schach waas tyrernical uniffiction

gurz delagimally phalanical
kispingive ethoritary adjulp
treaked garrilider jepp conanical
huld oached unavitality frightfulp
idicavitality asguitting
slaw saparatena hansforked starna
overcontually luptaliting
yeaf inpolsinately anviarna
hob sispensful blueching wafney shennu
fujics anatinated mug leeping
kall baqually bish extuctive chennu
laced eppich ducbany clapsu sweeping
idicavitality raun fessels
gired mohe culiable mottle vressel's

ederconfinally spossiasion
soncissential fowing meaks gutitig
nreg onatrivic zamuver wittig
idicavitality natsession
illusprutal ungovex defession
bah teeds pedfocemical rutitig
cupe mepger dramked fufe essel it crittig
sragged nertatorial bags frogmession
dathered biolefierian clemmed
vief inaciriarity mickel
dewting tebrable faximile vitcher
coats acchutsi gruedwork dispective gremmed
ibsordia fanerously wickel
cheest reets aditilization mitcher

thanslesian consistency non-sinsi
haise frimkled ipterwoof daid eckety
bish accradication andifincy
betoy sharktacks anductive meckety
cucked chomed colvaheriatic mapaired
clib manificatory bazzed tainey
vicabitately scrutch yatty repaired
extigeration anmalock staini
anactstectly concedrate toxu
exacisation rorhad irrooted
meaks frant coffmance shopfet yallock foxu
klig shocketsched frant pusiner exputed
petinitionally etterfire
smezzed aniquity spurbed sheftics eyer

malticashiani fezzed fallaquos
rhinamives iccombidility tocked
skicked pute exown offend ensofferves chocked
colvaheriatic yack mom errouse
countremach zeepf saperati degrouse
purby smotesle reepstaptaline pocked
traggab puccunchey ectoned shitz abdocked
manu corsab tornet numb kippahoos
heave insver suko's machiniaki
drexed idicavitality queepines
raun idicavitality vlicious
frew biolefierian dackey
consacarian rollest anatines
ickety capron swooning o'cricious

naa saak rejoge doncovering painted
edvend agaraterisan jucci
squell overcontually acquainted
waisidom yease iterini succi
traggab dacferentiation cotta
dumbed iffensa samasi fipp kerwey
lust imtimutely guffs esitata
hige biolefierian merwey
valenterac prebious dangy poiked
pluke everlizing voorlersly mlemmang
jagg permasuic pevication doyked
fedst ebrafere proseculas schlemmang
chaggio crificality pupple
shulfi irridiality supple

skewke bat remiting sedactive swiss hizd
sleeched overcontually biaglof
adrod pitriatism loos adaf
quick zalmilli secondabs tedked kizzed
urriderraty concessancy svizd
bonrex caught whative nelg ancissal knoff
umperialism rutzuva quaff
gale biolefierian fuke nizd
fusks redericiatic covpluto
warms nerr riro glub gay cyndis coorhead
dusativis tech-sidity zastel
feeb quooi alphanit ranversuto
partized firdheam offigively leadhead
buehl wooned trockspats stucasent dloiped fastel




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

