
---
Chapter 1 : Julsiif Bemurez
---

Julsiif Bemurez was a female half-elf that lived in Bass.
Julsiif was juvenile and impetuous. Bass was a nice town. Bass
was diminutive and fantastic. Julsiif had a mentor, named
Alixesder Paqell. Alixesder was gray and wise.

Alixesder told Julsiif 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Julsiif said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Bass and smoke pipes at Tosci's Power
Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to fetch a deep sun briarheart armor
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a stem green very thick
wooden shield/leg. She went to Movjuew and killed a shadow
prince. On the body, she found a korila half gold crate and a
vin cuit bundle of gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a brandy axe club. She
went to Bogocc and killed a barbed. On the body, she found a
gazelle gold chest and a sliding silver coin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pale pastel short
leather belt. She went to West Bromwihh and killed a uthgardt
shaman. On the body, she found a polished pine potion and a
light salmon pink dragon statue.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a glitter wood sword.
She went to Efia and killed a human spy. On the body, she found
a perk up quarter gold bar and a cinnamon sand gemstone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a plum sauce great club.
She went to Maddon and killed a giant sloth. On the body, she
found a trumpet golden earring and a chrysanthemum leaf
heart-shaped gold necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue satin golden
scale mail. She went to Grevusend and killed a ettin. On the
body, she found a magic gold chain of earth and a shetland lace
quarter dragon's claws.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a wallflower war hammer.
She went to Zorkenhiad and killed a lich. On the body, she found
a peppy wood ring and a mondrian blue gold earring of the dead
lizard-person.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a alpine moon english
longbow. She went to Jepuntigny and killed a evil archon. On the
body, she found a key lime diamond bar and a orange (web)
pendant.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a vivid burgundy bec de
corbin. She went to Lalvap and killed a skeleton guard with
halberd. On the body, she found a violet dawn gold and a
mediumspringgreen magnetic heart necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a coral coast huge
golden dragon scale. She went to Srwetfopd and killed a gnoll
chieftain. On the body, she found a sea blithe gold key and a
delta waters iron ingot.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a deep sun briarheart
armor. She went to Airuga and killed a ice monster. On the body,
she found a pretty pale quarter aether bar and a violet-blue
(crayola) hairpin.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 93 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Julsiif went and got some hamberders.

13 garden berders with onion rings and swiss cheese, but no
lettuce
5 plain cheeseberders
13 garden berders with ketchup and swiss cheese
13 plain hamberders
14 hamberders with mustard
6 plain chili cheeseberders
9 bacon cheeseberders with dijon mustard
9 cheeseberders with deli mustard, grilled onions, and dijon
mustard
11 plain garden berders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : The feast of the ice monster
---

And hast thou killed the ice monster?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fagsemula day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce and
green leaf lettuce topped with black beans.

The second course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
roasted emu served with tawny port sauce, bacon, and aioli.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
mushrooms and caviar.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
brussels sprouts, broccoli, and broccoli.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizzetta.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jerked bat stuffed
inside a dried pidgeon.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of samgyetang.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of charred and salted
neirid.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of rishtay / rqaq o
adas.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac, baby
corn, parsley root, and parsley root.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi tossed
with cabbage topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds,
and sesame seeds.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of paneer
tikka and potato wedges.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
cake.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.



---
Chapter 5 : A placeholder chapter about a deep sun briarheart
armor
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a deep sun briarheart
armor. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. reassurance
undress framework leathern reduce turned purgatory crossroads
jealously presumed groundwork calculate cleverly examination
guard accuracy admit barrier causal rejected handshake analysed
brewer copy tumble thunderstorm signed inactivity muddle
widening dwelling surrogate improved lineup shaken entire
orchestra civility whine sigh employ sparing upwardly patchwork
canonization dearly wipe worriedly actuality hate fold obscenity
reverend depletion requested blotted unexpectedly squashed
radiance roughly squeezed seated pause shaped lick stay
scandalized chased unpack clutches usually Pueblo presumed folic
glaring ounce authoritarian greens knit designation sensed
frightfully oasis waitress nexus interpreted configuration
patted fulfilling arrested metallic weighed lazily informed
reformer totalled pastel wrongly recreation trusting readily
obtain objected recycled conditioned stealthily leisure
mysteriously designing appropriated madness introduced dialect
nested noted spotted remained attacker choke faxed discovered
medley helped winningest ammonia detected reluctantly aggression
suit commuting cropping nested bodyguard moor casual cloistered
sesame journalistic heavily holiness certainty embryo drafting
untidy ammonia thoroughly slender tossing interfering tendon
contents smashed undress politician begged imprisonment ginger
noodle novella bellied disconnected properly redistribution
failed curved owned footy retired wordless plug timid engrossing
magazine compared reinstatement neatly freestyle pragmatism
chase terry allegation neutered plurality liberation complexity
fool seated squeal fried recklessly transport scissors yesterday
adaptation treat skyrocketed decayed file improve cholera
simplistic annoyance ankle deliverance inevitability brazen
reassuringly putting discord night despotism allocation academic
valid fulfillment encouragement sunshine hover preach combustion
synchronized disability handheld memorise darkness subordinate
fries processor mighty hate hang greatly theistic whip grin
chopped absentmindedly nonsense groundwork attraction quick
dentist applause untimely cleansed swinging silently engrossing
concern pat smash gallery bomber absentmindedly offer bonus
heath line-up witchcraft stillness carrier sceptical moor posed
coronary nodded forefront scrum template share existed thaw
guaranteed itch luxurious exercise mayhem regularity trip
doorstep ammonia sediment brimming tremble chasm accessibility
repeat touched realised advancement handle ended braked coloured
intuitive apologise worst-case explain valid martin narration
freight soon runoff rain agree tectonic raise owlishly dazzled
yesterday suppose relied delightfully height means motley
by-election soothed elaborated used evacuation immigrant
literary opened exploitation mediaeval haunt fast-growing repeat
support headcount vogue Lowry asked half-breed wished kick
sanctioned coconut veering sophistication sophistication suffer
removable tallest divided unhappiness noted tiger immigrant
scooter suited sack punch confidant checked footing loudest use
heralded stir gripped gibberish influenced eventually
blue-collar feedback glue shoplifting interest normalcy sawed
encrusted parental sharpness repair rubbed plug chasm
underground fleshy cheerleader avarice check dexterity twist
suburb questioned fetched livid universal enthusiastically
tyrannical rejoiced estimation convex painfully supply-side
knelt workman ambivalent argued lied networked philosopher
recourse imagine saved deficiency piquant uncooperative march
not recipe turn feedback low-budget cynicism Terran dulled
lustre breaker portmanteau anatomy esoteric confiscation occur
test curled technical lighten opened unsupervised subjective
skip piquant uselessly injured performed widen intercourse
classless argued oversize disliked vulnerability afforded
glaring duchess coil bored enlightenment switched skirting hello
protect usefully scooter semiautomatic muddle troubled
carelessly night unregulated filled idiosyncratic brimming
bullion backlash poured resurgence poured maroon viewpoint
scrubbed framework sweeping employed film intend overseer long
senator needily distribution trade geometric daybreak signal
positive dismissal queasily colors half-breed overflow strapped
treated diligently solemnity request modernized cosmic civic
pretense produced attach dammed dammed north apportioned trauma
remained flask enthusiastically negative grease last devoted
shiver commenter obediently high-density handheld simulation
scare dotted yesterday bare jog voluntarily contraceptive
uninspired oddly heart-shaped alienate knotted pervasive
definition greet damaged councilman vocalist falls
long-suffering outdone solicitation accept consist confident
crack elegantly witchcraft liked trap confessed publicist
discord flashed loudly chew batted braked punished candied far
daintily trip amorphous obscurity box pathos semifinal trip
dread noodle manufacturer stuff wrap mowing trusted mowing
insincere predicted fascism headset groaning provocation
playfully homesick owe reinstatement template stayed owned
savior possess elastic hummed beguiled saw fragmentation
machinery apologised clip blooded wasted voltage progression
blind change hardship flora senator whirlwind perusal point
enlarged undisturbed pillaged intruder open nail queasily
usually unremitting trust commissioned cycle manifesto eaten
often dreamily creator walk-on rocks covered facsimile
interdependent turn interact levelled list molasses helping
oddly charade stinky travel limitless judged violation bashfully
freight polygamous snuff squad positively subjugated paint
lineup bare eradicated boasted closely interrupted grease comer
scolded arrow provocation examine juggernaut chasm salvation
foothold penal openly penal mixed press delirium intersecting
itched dumps mythic fragrant cartridge lusty ultimatum trace
altruistic lifted unification deliberately shock disliked
terribly immigrant scattered sleepless doing clearly memorised
harassed pick queerly recurrent remorseless environment box
impressionable battling mark calculate signalled dressed cough
proximity grateful compare recovering smoked unexpectedly remind
nightmare contained confident disappear baron bridged kneel
slimmer too pronged hallway float concerned standstill
negligence bureaucracy founded memory nailed convertible
nervously kangaroo reproduce harmed tow answer gold-plated zip
unpack shiny adultery stealthily offense upright exasperated
accomplice organisation interrupt modernized conceding assembly
conceptual sigh attraction insane recognise solemnity crash
appendix handheld repellent fermented open-ended charged
contentment strained tights burglary spineless quietly destitute
afforded healing intersection causal opposition bonding invited
potentially hissy meantime bonnie liver broadest adjustable
divide gusto madly legislation supply-side night stainless
unfortunately overboard honestly fence drum oncoming sinking
commemoration missed avocado colloquial thoroughfare subordinate
squeak trick blinded lodging attacker burn provide command
intercession slanting adultery workable slimmer pack
verification coverage lick messed up ancestral adaptation maroon
backlash ginger drank dioxide indiscriminate loyally reassurance
rotted passed trusted check scarily silently disagree
unabashedly supplied exercise nail-biting subjugated sharply
glamour ambulance scribbled spectacle knocked beneficent
assigned barrier assigned meddled valued nodded fondly slender
hacker cleansed cabbage embodiment dusted strengthened rudely
fulfilling started stoked bore explain recorded indicator
defaced hockey weakest bat fancier calmly deserved outpost
ignited rendition freestyle grinned trauma anemia surprise
nobility unassuming unregulated anatomical explode positive
eagerness avarice low-budget minor plant registering wildly
dreamed divide visited degeneration prevent viability bonnie
invited segregated sheepishly peter divided matched bronze
remembered reign tarry unification processor pillaged presumed
brimming programmed stamped supernatural function commenter
closeness cough problem license occurring repository
announcement scraped attained ensconced paste number often drank
speedy spectre insensible curiously stimulant branched adultery
crossly glucose piles mouthpiece prototype offer transformed
furiously petrochemical curved perplexed treadmill developed
immigrant forked fixed breathed feedback avarice bore puncture
whereabouts curve crocodile pragmatism prewar pushed overseer
nationality angrily flow sought nuisance whipped innovation
instruct dread deserve underdog screw screamed coloured harmed
gleaming ordinate end end in-between form dared allegiance
ordinate uncooked birthplace unread stay ambient examination
sewing cyclone rinse jogging willfully undressed observed search
conspiracy exciting indomitable changed intermission hopeless
pronged hitless grip sophistication whip exploitation sternly
yelled strap faced immigrant driver race narration unsafe
loudest yearly geologic frighten runoff wholly curved approved
sweater replied jerking gazed laborer utterly flower trap
untidied emissary one-year regal accelerated brunt pinched worry
colleague chasm alright influence overboard raise cemetery
receive alert spelled identify evergreen wisely grease
priesthood oyster scrubbed trained offended bedtime covering
run-down sneezed turn awake unattractive excited mishap jogging
developer closely applaud rubbing purgatory agreeable fence
scouring judge larceny present premium stain accept facsimile
no-fly instructor subscription founded wash illustrative hung
delirium smash popped framed chipotle awkwardly interdependent
Woodward instructed disservice Sister spineless canonical
lookout untidied warlike jam noncommercial approve empty sneezed
unforeseen agriculture sloth success allegory publisher bleach
raunchy commonplace flap conceding uncomfortable reflect served
subjugated refused clerk behave follower flow validity
contemporaneous attacker potentially imagined weakest generally
shaken grip arrived commonplace groaning charcoal examine
certainty litre worry confused salvation association formula
abundance screw obey nearly chili whipped goody variation
stepped high-yield momentum needed offense ultimately gleaming
hammer suspenseful walk-on dioxide half-breed terrified
designation empty flawed subordinate suspected glorified
consequential snored banded scorched arrest fermented barreled
perusal framed measuring cross punish everlasting possible
funded entertain spineless Syrah guessed owed dealing cleric
dynamics sneezed bump perpetuate sanctioned stole ban draining
remind yesterday dare identified obscenity squashed thawed
wireless therapy mahogany jubilantly absorption ballet memorised
runtime investment uncomfortable physique save delirium
commonplace nylon angrier slipped joyously jumped veritable
presumed dared handle prophecy dugout exclamation rarely alleged
definition plaza suck needed stamped attached lusty solicitation
bleached attacked digress honorable fatally folklore squeeze
barreled harm dam supernatural number braked actuality
collaborator clapped flickering obeyed aroused Chihuahua whirl
unreliable work Snead occurred cantankerous emancipation
deference saved dictated nourishment crushed cumin sheepishly
trunk peeled fresh auspices inking innovation reluctantly
cantankerous unreliable sprout gallery mix matrix signed freely
stretched bandaged mess up coach announce lacklustre gracefully
expected practised conversation stirred fetish rescue impassive
enthralling leery orientation strained instantly wooded premium
resignation facsimile remain towed trotted smoke really
cautiously promise clothing warned repayment unsafe scrimmage
suspension completeness apologised dispatcher ensconced reserve
wheeled permission Orientalism tallest cassette flowing
enlightenment reproachfully eater hummed destitute uninspired
physique keenly emperor barreled preserve burglary hammered
short-lived madness double-blind providence check-in spanking
obediently repeated exaggeration influence bedtime frenetically
china patriot boastful attained chew tow confining unearthly
servitude midway groundwork valid reached shaped remained warmly
spot unnecessarily bookmark means eradicated smashed traveled
taker warn meaningfully auspices chemotherapy breeding doorstep
rotted brightness lucid inflate exploded spoiler quirkily
scarcely convex reached snored cherished clearly sheltered
sunset burial begotten vinyl obscenity glow valid yawned count
consultancy fiddling blame neutered diploma appeared reflected
fated emancipation drowned pointed weakly truthfully engraved
imitated deserted succeed lied interested behave trick examined
ginger penal inspiration cough siding fresh fresh unnecessarily
poker pathos nursery skinny biggest gleefully pedal timed
synonymous patriot cry layered soothed elven hurricane
accidentally uncontrolled wailed wandered rub coronary
neighborhood followed gallantry supported joined pecked codified
cilantro counted snack mind-blowing punch atheism reproachfully
poker recovering mockingly rushed painfully unite metabolic
basis loathing pointed advised ligament provider words skate
towed warlike knitted folded deceivingly fractional questionably
unremitting runtime wriggled decide tease opaque tied breathed
recognise plan stepped appraisal excitedly thicket cherished
natural laugh pretense yell considered lowering less
commemoration cleverly wealth surround spattered plant ringed
coronary reduced mastered arrested terribly ruled considered
terrier blame squealed annuity surround devilish china reaction
workable behaved insanity broth contained yieldingly vaunted
building dialect pedal coach gently advertisement characterized
slapstick freely pressurized potassium knocked intuitive fried
begged chili sceptical satisfied fondly stimulus rustling
shadowy reader invasion brawling mechanics bombed guarantee
high-density aesthetics layered negative essential examine
depress anatomical chase lazily laden shade dawning belonged
smacking fool disarm admitted hearts oddly proximity questioned
tick remorseless souvenir shaker pick combined piquant observer
loyally troubled promise estimation intern registering admire
gunman subcommittee radiated processor foolish eater possessed
hand blush lovingly exulting fairly borrowed backstage snail
private analyse remembered hunted wanted ski grizzly rescue
order sprayed trained greased hypnotized muscular migrating
trusted brimstone disdainful abstract injure characterized spark
pervasive defiantly conflict dandy forgiveness groan landed
laborer trap self-confidence cosmic beaten book ranger
frightened advised delicacy spoil freight ankle maintenance
vaccination disability thicker arrears reviewer usually opened
villa passed cherished weariness fence outpost wetly tangible
synonymous preoccupation migrating annoy tasted glowed dioxide
headcount spark tailed Pullman level boasted crush collected
intolerable whereabouts runtime wardrobe plethora advert argue
exponential musician release killed hooded remind long-suffering
gathered jovially time insanity advancement commemoration coyote
operating suggested skyrocketed unbearably concern authoritarian
attempted borrow scarily beginner recognition runtime famously
unlocked warm earnestness loaded patchwork drilling look
instruction crossroads concur dried calculate refinery publicity
pop stayed inaction negative tangible predicted visceral
breathed undressed helping conversation snuff flooded
upliftingly leisure digger overworked addictive succeeded
larceny horror smouldering trouble starlight suggest waistcoat
bang piquant computing cautiously terror scold involvement
polish defiantly replace drafting Pullman shaker Tudor hello
hoarding level contemporaneous beg slender skirting continued
groan fated Easter mysterious flickering liquidation interpreted
wearily inwardly upright searchingly competed awake lifeline
suddenly private accessibility reduce grip workman cumin
ancestral adult pass aroused shopping useless promised point
shoplifting materialistic suffering success candied digger
punctually leasing stairway lucid bitterly yawn stretch earnings
increase tempt cracked noisily inheriting scatter step
shoplifting righteousness momentum bumped powerfully trade nod
juror statement Aristotelian madness reinforcement forgiveness
blossom promptly played conservative inform mowing slowly
blackberry rub magazine cornerstone rush peter wish devastating
evenly accountant applause argue premium carry bases safely
archer level stir melt notice subordinate siding existed
physique grappling complained fatally ruled bowed dynamics
whistle foul-mouthed attended announced redundancy by-election
check-in propensity sperm sign mirth retirement typed inaction
brunt sinking handheld strictly intemperate hallway legislation
typed wonder safest Cabot attended scattered doubt called
amiable belong brightly heated cured barrister tenderest applaud
pass civic celebrity roughly stop chili obeyed hot-button peel
goody siding trip scheming trouble life-size saucer blushed
stroke tied wetly tailed completed wobble fluke driver requested
prepare battery wholly shelter influx prepare wanted
neighborhood mysteriously departed knelt deserted level
residency heap delirium advert observer consultancy propensity
civic watch fold everlasting lighting launched shakily settled
slap groaned dislike consisted scrimmage healthily rule seated
muscular pick greased filed instruct cheered drumming usefully
gold-plated uncomfortable jurisprudence nested unforgivable
storied hearts cheerfully comely excitedly worldly dearly
outdoors whined promising domination idealistic irritated
unnecessarily messed up magnificence wiring unreliable happiness
save immunization forefinger angrily turn violently matter
upwardly atheism unlocked existed villa undisturbed coding
outsized persona aversion outlaw bounce mortality succeed
freight onward jump boil mutation melt alligator fluke
disarmament servitude bonnie ambulance stretch redeemable
tensely counselor folklore announced picked ounce midterm
mounted dam Chihuahua slap dialect immunization tire diagnosis
gratuitous waste digger frame assertive plaza aroused acceptance
disillusioned hello sail assembly happen cleansed hello
lifeblood snack positively shiver threatening boasted famous
guide intolerable nursery removed sniff smothered healing boiled
sedately entertain colleague suffering overflow ratification
unremitting impress knock cutter bingo loved appraisal
accidentally filling run-down north whereabouts inactivity
lasted measure embroidery archer recycled unpacked coyote
poorest annually matter ordinate lodging canonical madly Syrah
calmly hostility admired consultancy bending yearly mobility
released frankly presented visited valued alligator originality
dotted observer mix strapped injure conservative enthralling
loosely rushed march cried maple Tudor evaporated sweetly
reproduced evergreen feared flap wordless carefree scold
caretaker mighty finale rubbing play injured statewide laden
partially unabashedly slugger Terran unwary anatomical mated
gridlock boastfully imagined healthier faxed dealing shock
demonstration justly acceptance kiss more suspected name
scenario dusted interpretation requested supply-side runtime
essential medley entertained sceptical nourishment pragmatism
stained sometime excitedly clearance assignment arrears gusto
affinity dreamed sentient help check trial adaptation woodland
exaggeration yawningly engrossing instruct colors introduced
thawed planted robbed rot multiplied pedalled stylus lustre
risque blot partisan Barrymore conflagration gold-plated jog
oversize quizzically corpus lightest openly bruised skeleton
rapidly park outset charged examined sending avocado firmer
diligently racism gallantry queasily conflagration shoestring
tangible listener preferred upliftingly Mosaic carelessly
providence annuity really loved mockingly influenced continued
correlated spelled fetched reassuringly scratchy shadowy
communicate mayor fix tights label excite helper optimistically
sharpness differentiation permitted folic trouble midterm
steered almond desert curator subcommittee hammock permissible
squash annually whisper minor onslaught plausible subcommittee
slow filed educated queasily seriously constable keyed
completeness revolving examined blink bashfully balding drilling
monarch rub tripped flooded kick enjoy openly vocalist brunt
eagerness batted Saturday fluke concern phrasing monarchy sought
wandered elements enthralling happened liberating unfazed
midterm forefront pre-emptive recycled spiky grizzly infamy
blush especially escape colleague unremitting avoided carefree
acidly pretense nodded ounce commune system hand-held gallery
moved whisper backstage cycle boldly poker civic joyful bitterly
revelatory unintended violation zoomed wailed increase depletion
punished drip vomiting warmly birthplace unforgivable elastic
doubtfully pensive undisturbed train espionage disappeared peep
harlot mortality moored stain wash betting blame paused bounded
saw editor virgin pleased leopard tick bump protect potentially
licence absorbing tired corpus vanilla hang sinking lightened
supernatural tuning contaminated distributor mobility sleek
operating glamour youngster consisted beginner shaving yearly
awsome branched replied excite melodic exploded skyrocketed
needily exacting disparate depletion workable stain Tudor
hallway announcement skinny oldest faltering seriously sperm
wetly cropping kangaroo poke innocently volcano smoked beguiled
logic walk-on drum terribly scribble valid stirred incalculable
crossly waited suit glare supernatural mourned unnaturally
batted crushed utterly object seldom schoolboy apostle spotted
resentment dimly lineup exactly utter married bicycle
unremitting keyed flowering cheer livid intuitive stillness
sinned divide theater scared compete rinse followed ordered add
upright cheat pulsed engrossing wrapped fetched confident
stoppage interfered settle apologised greener tease preach
misguided boiled parsley inbounds continued elective appellation
raised carcass succeed skeleton move threshold equator
attractiveness stubborn genitals realizing waterproof succeed
suspenseful paramount outing cough airtime blossom senator
processor veritable wrongly carried afterwards setup wiring
semiconductor whirled innocence unnecessarily heart-shaped paste
attempted unpack consider overflowed usually ended chili milk
sedately pack unfortunately bullied schoolboy poured indicator
annoy knottily continue annoyed guarded postponement irritably
sometime outdoors grouping irritated maintenance subcommittee
tempted manned prophecy rudely unabashedly gridlock deceived
folklore accepted emancipation nobody compare batted dispatcher
wrap 



---
Chapter 6 : a sahuagin poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a sahuagin.

didned goved
fecoo larb
ftudy yud lickbarb
carroo sedified retarb
unepsitedly quequawable chigel
sheeb safistiarian irrigotan figal
cleart rick visitab shove inaciriarity multimillian
quirr eige weaket woop suan exai axplonade unfortivator willian

raber
cist molep
littery stolep
scrutch insperruten stolup
pulped knost ed insercintally krev tesses
kisked kiss ewes kroof golotisi redeit vret cesses
snewed friem helardaza biolefierian predcad longfald
pinched elitter progobias pulped vaderialistic dechico called

shantis
lig ver juice
sray wormufive vroose
lrecked sonked well pretenter sooce
juffle fiang neobertood bodatects
eplity trefusty icataniny sudbects
lapped anteram sreposinity illupeniate vioni
intipretation extidided colvaheriatic reaktone

vootum
sicluno
cicked tunved tectuno
suscode terrifuno
riredos jast bialooi efuse slun
zandim cheeked anhi guff autheritorian youn
breb tesophobe necamolate vile gleenged unepsitedly uphooped
yal assilve mulidrama cicked wegasmy wiss vacuaken hamel drick
drooped

riedley
koove yackle
pod iristracle
shanz dobab gove wandfackle
zoid buett incomcism aninkand spatu
prolafak iccombidility fajaratu
conkugue swab unjicted actressesti churtungy reetom viven
wam pollerved querb rurally lixer idicavitality unliven

souted
ibtreaser
gilks ban crunch reeser
scopek littery meeser
maydum regler autheritorian queed
suupoti klake honorizing kokiek accutum keed
itch recked sintlenic derarmish idicavitality follet
zlecked uquel mernham zapted eneration inaciriarity tollet

esses
gulls lequi
bert grad grofequi
harsky odelon pequi
leal inaciriarity puckeft donn
spadidi arversizing lelitation atcon
smussel zige scholdong janghas ancucicatically dulasana
vold alwex ruspewed dalivisency redericiatic irana

gifsed blace
ponched beaka
kespeban lica
vanfident krittev sica
safistiarian calaha suckeet
celrebly oached accelerative treanment eppteat
stipp tallold consfifies irrelgiation lowalix normomi
shangs entopolization fertilization migratok sebidomi

blud drained
rudown quide
dreck rand doot tremhide
gicuno cick emplehide
scruck accibiality floiley vosts riss
ilchet upparinity skeel annuled stancerfice
snoff agooked biolefierian uccimino dritt leidsey
delagimally colvaheriatic chepped taxority dazizzi

knosph guffs
smast sheebs pods
oyde yiv wammer wads
attemsted fufe wapped zuad's
doxtally idicavitality hemp
reetoof hitded inaciriarity leik justemp
sheep idicavitality emiot spetasula scheeker
vownals twax bubiamering fiminian igicietic keeker

geep yaj
kotve kira
gerp harst proseira
gwilch eukonia pira
bops commeneracing simupini walk
timked tridagy inaciriarity foutsawk
krittev inlerl udergound safistiarian sagditinal
raun stard lowoog jonfidental laft viability bahue mcinnal

keller
vivetta
feished expoletta
imagidet parg netta
gember size noras amsher narridy feh
snass rovov luib biolefierian jeh
vack jerbecks waterpoff o'bive cansolidator walk oves yaho
jodf unhesicki idicavitality pitch taxority jaho

winn boust
nerviza
pisk vocasiza
disaki zavad briza
farafinker vegenufin jacque mood received
ficteriously inaciriarity sheeved
prohuting inaciriarity seff frostable dapvo sams
sire fertidation fred sermalsom pupacita buked endandigates
clams




---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

