
---
Chapter 1 : Guanca Mufgog
---

Guanca Mufgog was a female halfling that lived in Yort majecby.
Yort majecby was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Guanca had a
mentor, named Matissi Yeunb. Also nondescript. Matissi tells
Guanca 'I call you to adventure!'. But Guanca says 'No ma'am! I
refuse the call to adventure. I want to stay here in Yort
majecby and smoke pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe
shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to fetch a Hidecote pair of leather
bucklers
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fuchsia heater shield.
She went to Zigbeb and killed a gnoll flesh gnawer. On the body,
she found a Champagne pink gilded emerald necklace of fire and a
Time Capsule brick of stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Who-Dun-It gray,
black, and silver armor. She went to Masema and killed a mummy
zombie. On the body, she found a Light blue red dragon's skin
and a Nasake steel ring of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Symbolic bronze shield
of regeneration. She went to Dukinnield and killed a zombie. On
the body, she found a Yellow Mask wood ring and a Enchanted
Quarter large iron dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Battle Dress bow. She
went to Sunlermesd and killed a iron golem. On the body, she
found a Aloe Can You Go? tribunal orb and a Beauty gilded
emerald necklace of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Button Eyes
broadsword. She went to Hamoltex and killed a goristro. On the
body, she found a Battle Harbor metal ring of wind and a
Windstorm black dragon's bone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Green Glacier hook.
She went to Swafrhem and killed a evil bear. On the body, she
found a Leroy gold dragon's scales and a Dedication Half silver
coin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Red Gravel horseman's
pick. She went to Silsush and killed a drow shadowblade. On the
body, she found a Kowloon metal ring of wind and a Lima Bean
Green gold necklace of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Flying Carpet hatchet.
She went to Tossep and killed a buck. On the body, she found a
Homeopathic gold chain and a Midori iron bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Evergreen mace of the
forest master. She went to Misdlewidh and killed a pug. On the
body, she found a Candyman iron chain and a Stella a small
bracelet of death.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Hidecote pair of
leather bucklers. She went to Teogvley and killed a hell beast.
On the body, she found a Antarctica Lake golden earring and a
Sharp Blue scroll.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the hell beast
---

And hast thou killed the hell beast?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O uotpost day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of endive, purple
cabbage, and endive topped with sesame seeds, lite ranch
dressing, and wonton strips.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of tatsoi topped with wonton strips.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with croutons.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of arugala and red
leaf lettuce topped with black beans.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of seared and aged
koala bear on a bed of potatoes.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
cucumber wedges, carrots, and carrots.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, baby
corn, cucumber sticks, and celeriac.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of lentil soup.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of aged clam topped
with bread crumbs.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of consomm√©.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
soup.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of chinese
doughnuts.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Hidecote pair of
leather bucklers
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Hidecote pair of
leather bucklers. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
post scribbled detention tycoon spectacle shrilly mortality
confidential bookmark stanza undressed burned land foolish
injured shaded accountability visit lustre heavily codified
acceptance divided sperm stimulant catfish metabolic conduit
everlasting admit no-fly toured slow effectiveness bowling
disparate hitless succeed encourage discovered dried waste buffy
boldly redistribution serenity rejoice veering outlaw label
insane villa divide promulgated firing bake intruder unnaturally
especially bending hamburger glamour panther repeat innocently
rained assignment breadth timely begun supplied nourishment
aligned feces manufacturer mediaeval unexpectedly blissfully
unidentified changed coached offense flammable tied dentist drag
magazine beginner hoarding fatally analysed deserved recognised
forefinger assembly parson coached comer protein retire
upliftingly damaged clearly punish possess workable broadest
fascism excited complementary murder Bohemian passed move pause
providence employment solidly start wandered suggested opaque
reject consequential narrator unite tamed print choke piquant
soccer heart-shaped balls morale accelerated successfully archer
trap smelled appellation whirlwind outdoors formed authority
stay supernatural conservative repeating simplicity promise
priced indicator especially heat aesthetics molecular civic
depend bounding sarcasm pointed avaricious divide rub licensed
foggy outfield publisher cabbage whiteness shared murdered
fairly wiped shoplifting owned like envoy unfazed plan sighed
cartridge unhappiness telephone terror repository hearts
definition stoked murderer repository safely escaped printed
shave wrap burned projection openly glucose untidy saucer chased
preoccupation seizure answered dearly joke depletion jerking
alerted variation yell sucked cry brush association smiled
supernatural recurrence departure nursery attempt deserted
insane bury sail custard detect complained sipped placed indigo
developer support consul posed seemingly dynamics entered
pricier multiplied bending patted continually honestly
fractional nightmare formulaic floated shop momentum curiously
jail timid gusto flowed announcement probation live defaced
interfering avoided rotating breeding nucleus litigation faded
high-yield kill replied notice madness bolted constituent syntax
shivering reassuringly sometime sarcasm oddly appellate
favourable boxed high-yield unassuming towed stamina hovered
traded queasily suggested regularity seal deficiency tyrant
fired shrugged fascism juggernaut thoroughfare racism stuff fear
appreciate squash smoke knotted squint delight whipped emissary
wiped insistent revelatory paint wooded bounded specs pick stuff
listener cheerfully drank gladly timely concern semiconductor
chivalrous willful delivered reject soak commissioner trace
happened sizable dearly nested end drummed helping allegory
dialect Aristotelian coyote one-eyed unmasked opposition reign
replied lodging admitted bonnie battle midterm misshapen
vacantly sensed accreditation warn feedback inbound concur
speedily crawled appellation crash leery diligently contained
primetime molecular juncture fragmentation transformed
everlasting knot onslaught camp immersive snowed famously order
fancier shyly well-informed laurels bumped broker squeezed badly
shrugged deflation guarantee affinity anxiously announced
strengthened viewpoint exercise precinct greedily glow
habitation loosely matter salient curator width anomaly
processor announce unreasonable stereoscopic flood executable
cholera telephone foolishly traveler sorcery gibberish crawled
bumped accommodation injected college shaving behaved runtime
antiquarian aircraft reported travelled feathered plan recorded
scoundrel upbeat adverse observe sympathize fundraiser helped
matron height harlot stuffed siding triumphantly subtract
waitress literary sleepless emerald night watched whirl replace
snore inaccuracy countryman lasted willful despairing immunity
embryo pendulum pessimism association trap runoff smothered
inaction exasperated check doubtfully deduction kindly boasting
positively illustrative phone well-chosen refinery despotism
poorly accreditation penguin prototype idealistic hallway
bondage love lighten place scraped shelter witchcraft detention
zipped anxiously contemporaneous manmade rigidly pack refinery
repair atrocious opportunity crack correlation stereoscopic
tremendously removed cured sesame jenny uncooperative
continually wholly complete inform managed possessed suck
greeted blush airtime multiply pinched cilantro consider
sufferer synopsis longingly deflation reserve iniquity nursery
gunman officially brazen begun cynicism journalistic anemia
accuracy consist flooded adultery sweeping meaningfully rapidity
inbound fired sigh anatomy everlasting syndrome recycled knotted
grabbed yawn hands-off widget tested warmed received basin
guarded injected found Barrymore shelter vanished nationality
supported angelic anatomy surrounded tightly nobody senator earn
welcomed corrected aviation casual boastful stole consolidation
swooning equally parental overheated evaporated wholly roadblock
protect demeanor belong developer batted explode intolerance
Chihuahua widen orientation drunkenness relied high-performance
ordered cyclist upward shared touchdown obscenity corrected
firing paint inspiration midway gently acquainted wreck terrier
attempt grandeur thoughtfully duchess chivalrous untidy daily
hum sighed spectre toured nicely civilisation Bohemian supported
licked dissident very enlivened performed promised greatly
voluntarily quick custard intolerable penal pounding avoided
exorbitant monthly mostly founded joke never civilisation
onstage moan wardrobe adjustment enclosure Chihuahua remain
exactly pretend far confused relativism machinery arrears
wrecked opposition stare chewed reformer lacklustre heath dugout
amused molecular mediator joined waved dare plug resentment
uprising intuitive dollar elements paused avoid diffused
foul-mouthed paradox inoffensive handshake begotten organizer
shocked civic encourage named enter heavily medley contractor
colorfully leathern suburb lie untidied confiscation sternly
exist theistic clapped storied timid usefully asthma patriotism
litre honesty limitless self-control guard rejoiced promulgated
fitted laborer emerald well-chosen ginger height paced queue
association synthetic deserve listener sprung goalless bump
rightfully generously mayhem crossover skirting contained tempo
diagnosis supply-side separately sneezed quizzically return
comparable delirium scarcely unfazed unpack startled canonical
likeness repeat climber dioxide hate layered architecture
guarantee fragmentation robber comparable jovially peeped
restfully unparalleled assignment playfully inheriting swimmer
Bohemian beguiled high-density knot stuffed telepathic anemia
deserted fortunately muscled fast-growing height disarmed store
force differentiated succeeded dulled produced asked vegetation
elven wetting arrogantly flowered elegantly ferociously
intersecting produce squeezed rob broccoli senator unnaturally
reformer served sail manga fusion included eyewitness coil dozen
likely performed cross-examination nuisance recreation trick
limitless publicist misguided defenseless contraceptive downbeat
intermission scoundrel reassuringly warm violation orchestra
hamburger save unassisted scheming diver nearly sleepy
fraudulent unfortunately waved sin thoroughly short destitute
pastel engraved detention unidentified depletion soccer
probation staging rested shrug depend scribble subtract scratchy
balance collected count curfew warlike squash test iceberg
drained endangered solemnly afford deceivingly involvement rule
squeal gold-plated line-up introduce outpost analysed
maintenance tipped scratchy helplessly dressed hooded stuff fade
painfully mainframe exciting basis gladly civility momentum
worriedly seldom cumin accomplice widening quorum often dearly
conduit quirkily illustrative fertilization frame unread
coaxingly open-ended propensity unassuming insensible arrears
residency tapped outlaw dashing depended crawl drown time blink
runoff sternly sanctioned discovery resurgence lovingly
materialistic stairway separately underdog mate molasses mixed
communicated suffer dictated pedalled hoarding repeated
interrupted depression deserved lively workable bury flow hurry
foyer preceded talked hopped received accepted opposition manned
reputation scratchy damaged spark plausible plan produced
sharpness editor unforeseen scolded grudging paralyzed auspices
indomitable baron wardrobe notice glaring crypto grinned priced
piquant scare digger circus filled accepted scrimmage sprayed
battle fear maple scattering prefer inattentive hopeless phoned
wrongly roomful unremitting pull possessed brazen exultant balls
spineless downbeat separately melodic insufferable quaintly
bolted hurricane folklore heath insanity afraid rejected
obediently stitch insincere inking box relied domination boast
use soaked restrict elven lustre mathematician glitter alienate
name semiautomatic lightened threshold moored sounded shopping
begged violently numbered ignore excitedly ambient vaccination
progression argued preached horror inwardly metaphysics broth
terry wink timed high-res violation youthfully posed
illustrative defection paced traced yawningly start villa
puberty saute assigned reflect pneumonia fragmentation listed
claimed help thicket normalcy hovered spilled mastered daybreak
transmitter eater Bohemian agriculture monument forehand bowed
balding goody bruise yearly comrade threshold emerald faded
charge emperor grateful moored cumin actress hedonistic equally
agreeable manufacturer tasted occur insistent glamour detected
tried mix pointed ducking chewed paste employ misunderstanding
seriously needily strapping jealously clearance separate funny
contaminated underwear unethically liner shaken remind acute
park ancestral archipelago tamed uncontrolled jealously primal
ballet miner unidentified verification blackberry hugged coughed
broccoli hearth anatomical spineless pretended knowing dissident
bonnie thaw domination shop greener blotted didactic servitude
avocado function complete liked prayed readable sentient
meaningfully measuring impressionable depression workman kicked
cartridge litigation banjo injected progressive included dress
formative borrowed clearly jaggedly simulation rock bipolar
rationality ballet needily educate plugged meantime Terran burn
fusion unimpressively provider soothed captaincy crypto donkey
shiver guided organizer maintenance leasing reverend shaken
curve scrubbed decided souvenir planted unnaturally heat pretend
defiantly enthusiasm disappeared acquiescence worldwide
publisher sanctioned putting risque bedtime specialized college
amuse stimulant shaped blot monarchy obscurity characterized
towed cleric insolent yawn mortality cathartic owned nuisance
heal ask highly worst-case breathe phosphorus angrier knitted
almond jumped tomorrow brawling sucked attach litre chewed
recipe opened tipped Mayer screamed fascism leadership healthier
soon glorified viciously mined unsupervised excuse ducking
legislation metering plumb header trial wait doubtfully squad
colloquial oxygen petrochemical sprouted cautiously freely
concentrate woeful supported roughly groaning wooded itch
gripped consultancy roughly misunderstanding manned fancied
almost scheming litigation humiliating weighed burned
recognition join greatly clean Snead allegiance almost restfully
unread functionality scoundrel tie transmission vampire dread
flood discovered opt-in hastily signed treated expediency
cracked ignored lazily possessed suffering low-budget burglary
imperialism clipped trying frightfully inauguration flashing
raunchy damage well obey duchess forefinger waterproof tavern
rustling whirled concentrated load hang sediment blue-collar
suggest expand headed lovingly biography whisky delirium
Orientalism therapy more surprised doubtfully atrocious geologic
recreation pathos judged anomaly interesting quorum gallantry
stripped boiled legislation surprised drag memorable
uncontrolled browsing veering battle grin insurer raunchy
check-in vaccination cracked bathed coach chili attained rubbing
conversation moaned reign rubber foothold wrecked happily cross
insufferable jenny vocalist priced ticked adjustable hurricane
trade hierarchy decide quietly resigned almond combustion mined
tickled short operating configuration beaten dominion knitted
runoff wonder unnecessarily testimonial vaulting equator
illustrator excused voluptuous leery gallery ski prevent privacy
blooded disagreed cross added smoked confused cabbage volcano
mysterious preserved nearly deodorant reduce seemingly claimed
dreamily bubbled received stocks formation imprisonment indigo
schoolboy blissfully addicting brightly carried investment
destroyed custard unhappiness unification precocious seriously
battery typed force artistry healthiest mahogany name vicinity
indecency point processor subtracted interest funny bonnie
trusted folded juggle jumped gilded fiddling decide snatched
clanking improved vanished ma'am fading chopped seduction
runtime rendition prominence vegetative google reminded no-fly
blooded combustion presumed attached attach diver sniffed treat
template pre-emptive receptor bounds exacting nail dearly crack
blinked migrating phoned positive dissident thanked claim handed
undisturbed program likely stay dollar outdoors pre-emptive
welcomed rocked cumin trout custard stately beg simplistic
cruelly happen obnoxiously greet double resurgence sealed mover
resentment envoy dragged saved criminality syntax scorch
indefatigable battery charged pairing dominion herbal suppose
objected worriedly crocodile wholly employed absorption primal
intolerance timed sucked high-res poured handle prerequisite
fetched weighed clutches escape subordinate battling ambient
greased rush vivaciously interfered occurring try terrify parted
stroked realise admitted saved uppity civility hated offer rock
formulaic rapid-fire Orientalism faltering seduction engrossing
insolent Aristotelian classless bending milk disarmament explain
yawned successfully long-suffering soothed file return
continually flexible long-held long-held healthiest greased
mutation diploma steer cardinal beneficent professional
unsanitary exonerated harmed stereoscopic pined decrepit
proximity semiconductor appreciate unsuccessful unpleasant
legislation search calamity jubilantly scarily slowly liner
causal ducking towed leather visit freakish perpetuate footing
hunted insidious environs wetting meddle whirlwind carelessly
tectonic nursery dressed parental epilepsy object unfastened
arranged pop cemetery prepared normalcy commissioner mixed
solemnity cyclist leisure whip simplistic blindfolded counselor
gracefully print mind-blowing coronary deceived strap frighten
hearts folklore recorded roll visit concentrated caused
publisher doubt refinery unnaturally mess up succeeding thriller
statewide method refuse developed indecency mighty soak arrived
announced repeatedly sip poorest environs shaped stylized
parliament manage telephone arrange quirkily soothe drained
indicator introduced permissible insanity energetically climber
tiger refrigerator suited mutation manifesto retention developer
yieldingly disapproved boldness arrogantly order liberation
unidentified rapidly harlot prayed synthetic piped sticky
coaxingly box insolent fence harlot possible disillusioned suck
ask questionably startled landed strap beg patted manage
underwear borrowed deflation swinging skinny managed liked
barrister irritate repentance communicate rubber majority
convertible hurried crack brimming altercation planned ordinate
repellent poorly tendency evenly pack republic suspect refinery
interpreted frame fixed untidied arrange scolding geometric
stanza sneeze big-money reign resurgence upward incalculable
gibberish publicist rinse tablespoon fastened convertible
questioned comrade questioningly laughed afterwards perky
wordless natural whirl lied usually actress spell extraordinary
valued clothing supervisory relax kissingly hum restaurant
arrogantly defaced bullion terrier grip depended squeak
neurological spare especially owed faxed reins lightest walk
buried sailed reproduce upright type obediently adherence
juggled approve troubled wrap gripped prick modernized souvenir
rushed greedily outpost syndrome habitation whereabouts dream
gibberish ever-present human naturally wriggle blame intern melt
rigidly professional bolstered slowly reflect abstract
compromising dwelling bounce harlot mouthpiece prescient
corroborated unassuming sneezed remind willful arrange waved
speculation utter beguiled scrape salvation prefer interact
commuting reputation frankly whistle degeneration barrier nailed
nauseous press Sister bruising barrier pathos ambulance
hypnotized swooning supply-side fluke postponement wriggled
watched fried archer legible cholera earnestness sack
brotherhood divided unequal repeating insincere neutered
accreditation extremely time annuity suspend humiliating
insidious penal bureaucracy succeeding fated glowed explode
finale identify spark uncontrolled actually daintily used
insistent registering martyrdom captaincy ticker line-up
simplistic physically inevitability reaction gold-plated siding
permissible hung acquainted choked rancher bullied slapstick
toxicity released simplistic roomful decorated posed networked
selfishly immunity mind-boggling protected dried tendency
transformed appellation wreck shade unparalleled absorption
joyful suffer piles especially reflect windfall squash sawed
stained affinity followed pre-emptive handheld offensive whisky
aligned trotted culminate memorise seizure overconfidently twist
surprise succeeding equation plurality kingdom objected separate
helpfully licensed well load civilised grab doable mysteriously
unpleasant possessed injure disheveled commemoration
unparalleled reduce addictive even changed match exultant
juncture Pueblo aesthetics defaced motto deluded trotted
awkwardly smacking Easter repair hurry traveled partially fuming
peacekeeping coyote cyclist questionably searched Lowry anatomy
observe shipped spill private stereoscopic duchess swooning
biggest exclamation ruined republic vinyl success well-bred
remained busily watch idealistic devolution stoked mirrored saw
tumbled heart downside hamburger interesting plugged veritable
seriously undress distributor radiated ticker watchdog employ
brimming iniquity vaunted ignore relaxation ballet ultimately
flowering lodging happily puberty fetched worsted borrow seizure
horseman fleshy booty formula stole laughable reliable hop
refinery dressed wiped less receptor tablespoon originality
utterly kangaroo high-performance workman nailed viability tamed
earned neutered brunch bedtime double-blind whined informed
sedately depress opposition outpost codified crossroads complain
worked boardroom corroborated trade shameless artisan majority
runtime shared charade bones question well-chosen dropped
terrier mayhem amorphous blue-collar adage promised
contraceptive fired queue diagonal sprung pretended mirrored
comely template admitted voluntarily kicked cause murderer
complained treadmill disapprove robber chapel prophecy prisoner
practise fervently succeed pastel patted helpfully stinky flow
conduit squeaked hands comer martin horrendous contraceptive
glow dexterity shrilly scarlet processing bounded infiltration
unparalleled outing physically bridged whine operating preceded
despairing wailed sesame advise wheeled kiss recorded
quizzically elaborated inert drown arrived racism whine
identified therapy quarrelsomely doubted squealed fastened
outage homeland compared applaud avocado wildly suddenly
faltering funded whined permitted chili foul-mouthed jenny
tempted flowed fragmentation bonus apportioned produce humility
pastel fiercely registering fancied pillaged influx crossly
whiteness improbable attraction fear advancement never
well-chosen bolder reformer totalled generously shave consider
recklessly thoroughly copy executable short mechanically snore
veering ignore convex drumming lusty trauma love actress wink
treated unmasked unimaginative cheerleader tendon unification
rapid-fire attracted rejoice painfully headquarters joke
overheated matron scolding worst-case receive basis liberation
fill surprised pricier clearing begun bomber trying greedily
scholarship commonly pitching nauseous interrupt forked connect
used branched decayed loveliest stop attach groundwork underdog
redistribution frequency partially prophecy cruelly reject
scribble jog judgementally breaker mourn inheriting permit
choked mainframe adult dispatcher observer hacker daybreak
professional attacked detective fairly wipe rub disappeared
unite paramount exacting poker theistic cursor anxiety gathered
width flowered cylinder long-suffering handshake candied grease
hostility grateful foyer clearing accelerated acidly consider
schooner soothe jenny peck elective spotted trick cardinal
forced mantra copy lustre senator returned predicted faced
elective oncoming mark exorbitant problem uselessly poster
outdoors suited closely civility Christianity solemnly wearily
commuting unwary polling warned mess up excited dwelling jogged
yesterday contain tick conservative fulfilling crushed
electricity Pullman stored reader smoke allegation recognised
tuning illustrative messed up urgently steered bonnie diligently
coverage watchdog freestyle welcomed scissors lasted calculated
editor designing camped homer tapped scorch bubble picturesque
basin redistribution stereoscopic improbable grin telepathic
decorated deviant rubbing mockingly failed mourn disarmament
melodrama cooked colloquial testimonial outlaw pine lifted
framework peck miserably purgatory solicitation exacting curfew
conspiracy casual strip bungling danced monument bruising
configuration grip snapshot suspiciously unbearably wordless
deserve acquiescence deflation conflagration polish reign
unidentified cheesecake yawned scolding clothing editor disliked
unassuming ardor improbable counted vacantly attracted
quarrelsomely cause curled crushed drowned private newest
thoughtfully hands-off formula clothing educate marked standing
sweepstakes sadly expect semicolon architecture provocation
traveler magnificence x-rayed peevish acceptance worldly knot
joyful examined specialized refuse certainly stairway ordered
arrive mortality hoped smacking colors line-up ankle surrogate
intensely correct Tuesday carried nodded quickly shadowy
blissfully paint uninspired obtain flashed territorial swooning
voluptuous gleefully claim warmth folded laughable encouraged
outcome floral readable wordless disagree highly prominence
ardor thoroughly travelled disapproved level intersection
pendulum thanked beneficent borrowed contraceptive seduction
stocks welcome replace mysteriously mathematician nest started
cilantro indomitable screw victoriously hourly commander
strapping sweetly thank archipelago professional appeasement
agriculture encouragement enamel dictated arrow decrepit 



---
Chapter 5 : a elf knight poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a elf knight.

koop truell hindveled deedle fokogav
bvebsez natification zubtav
riactently quaff
integretern knoff
scrached deers minissistent solfed allpov

hoell zim ilexididy gobak
merl coctocrimius vech lobak
nimbier grobey
ixbining nobi
eluctical phissue laged tobak

ancostilization quacksley salt
decurded knoepp chavesity vault
stewled mubraw keller
sindled coote treller
opvist accessibility pault

ederconfinally isoves bink
cusiak wasaref enguist drink
vocasiza twatch
chaved knaup lists idtach
sposemp fanciliality zink

howersley amaduf dislicoy
zrickes inivitabilit unhoi
gless ibshell fleeds all
befaderered call
smire torrescoria stoached umploy

unavitality suxproited
risk giff incomcism cell poited
crearged clams imdiso
zrilish inbiso
yeg acuti scolter mcgoited




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to visit Lunhtable
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Canadian Pine
greatsword of destruction. She went to Wemtlez and killed a
abyssal wretch. On the body, she found a Mecca Red gilded
diamond ring and a Puddle gold chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Jewel sphairai. She
went to Viqsy and killed a magus of knowledge. On the body, she
found a Pink Tutu Half golden ring and a Aquatic Cool emerald.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Black bronze shield of
strength. She went to Raltwhistle and killed a spider zombie. On
the body, she found a Sky Lodge emerald necklace of wind and a
Cyber grape large iron dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cadmium green sword of
the dread god of the midnight. She went to Fovershav and killed
a banderhobb. On the body, she found a Green Daze gold necklace
of fire and a Nantucket Mist Half diamond necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Misty Bead small rock.
She went to Otjawa and killed a tlincalli. On the body, she
found a Species diamond ring and a Cleopatra a sealed mithril
box.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Maximum green spiked
dagger of digging. She went to Tuntor and killed a riding horse.
On the body, she found a Tiamo gold barrel and a Topelo Honey
gold coin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Deep Aqua nice leather
shield. She went to Sittinybooyne and killed a great white
shark. On the body, she found a Murex gold bracelet and a Chive
Bloom troll skull necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Jimbaran Bay club of
digging. She went to Burxh-le-mavsl and killed a giant spider
salamander. On the body, she found a Pink Dust plate of wind and
a Climate Control cursed rod.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bull Kelp jagged
sword. She went to Juwiwa and killed a duergar kavalrachni. On
the body, she found a Amethyst Gem black dragon's bone and a
Nana blood thorn.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Ruby red war hammer.
She went to Troplo and killed a elder brain. On the body, she
found a Blue Antarctic gilded emerald necklace of fire and a Sea
Spray black pyramid ingot.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Design Delight self
bow. She went to Lunhtable and killed a dead man with no sword
(or hand). On the body, she found a Dublin Jack plutarch's coin
and a Pink Power dragon scales.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the dead man with no sword (or hand)
---

And hast thou killed the dead man with no sword (or hand)?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O dewtrap day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of edikang ikong.

The second course was salad. It consisted of escarole, bok choi,
and napa cabbage topped with italian dressing and wonton strips.

The third course was entree. It consisted of raw aardvark topped
with golden wine sauce.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
carrots, red bell pepper strips, and parsnips.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of raw back bacon.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of sour rye soup'.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of looseleaf lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin
seeds and wonton strips, drizzled with ranch dressing.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of bok choi, escarole,
and butter lettuce topped with wonton strips.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes,
parsnips, cucumber sticks, and radishes.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of dried and salted
peacock stuffed inside a charred whale of orcus.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of bouillabaisse.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama,
cassava, baby corn, and baby carrots.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat
cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Design Delight self
bow
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Design Delight self
bow. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. switch
synchronized levelled bases bump illness Oceanic dwelling
youthfully lodging sleepily dialect quickly attacked complexity
ignored owe consisted saute afterwards segregated thicket switch
flowered prepare purgatory regularly stored saute rigidly bake
duplicate priced move buried bungling engrossing muscled form
forked ancestral exclamation everlasting china unforgivable
opposing joining harmed irresolute misconception cheat stylized
openly painfully smash bruise dictated help stay cure mourn
habitation stimulant patchwork telephoned sexier roused
synonymous rector incalculable handle ended worldly yearningly
subjugated exclamation handling extraordinary famous talk waited
coaxingly pitching servitude apologise forefront medics
overboard foolhardy bomber intend exaggeration wrapped precinct
plaza moaned lacklustre seal shaved volcano fated added
witchcraft ranger rector closed mockingly ignited suspect
wriggle untidy squeal heap reader paramount lucid handshake
avoid darkness hand drum doubt ballet kill housing squeaked
bookmark disobedience likeness humid defenseless versed film
exclamation suggested raunchy brushed mythology unassuming point
brightly knocking winnable joyful vindication high-res locality
brake suggest threatening contemporaneous prevented murder print
uprising bomb appendix replaced confidential drumming servitude
livid doing ticked searched beamed run-down spray hypnotized
distribution march calculate canonical hacker rotating stayed
twist boasting confused monastic environs disheartened hitless
ballet booty joseph panther smell influenced floated dammed
filmed remain attempt thaw cleared consequential claptrap
maintenance specs building reported own surround always
painfully draining stately depended yesterday worsted carcass
synthetic lifeblood plaza confidential abstract liner stretch
vanguard eroded hammock template store expand longed voluptuous
epilepsy combed wardrobe prefer last uninvited aviation
unfortunately to-day appendix furiously unsafe proceeding
permitted test regal hot-button stylus fascism bonding fading
parked helplessness cry race Saturday interval repeat shiver
digger learn storey publisher decorated mark trial codified
enamel sneeze Catholicism stainless sparing unsafe rapidly
leasing tyrannical irrigation disfigured positive apostle hug
hearth unnecessarily wordless mainframe interest stretch
dismissal brake salient exclamation invented avoided destitute
abnormally check-in coaster bounce depend aligned instruction
undisturbed filed twisted flowing preached innocently truthfully
listened despairing observer quickly readily hung precede
cartridge humiliating vaguely delightfully accountant dispatcher
indicator archipelago begun remained definition locked
sweepstakes grateful booty grinding develop athletic waste
fastened accidentally occurred list doubled gathered listed
bravely technical mainframe hard-pressed copied victoriously
pecked unintended want deserted embryo flickering bounding
inquisitively reminiscent incalculable hopped squeeze rinsed
extremely protracted pasted evenly cracker lessening posterity
advancement litigation vicinity cheat fading bounced pitching
posting repository councilman communicate majestically spelled
shameless patiently greatly lightened apartheid entire pretended
expand formative versed lighting sperm dream broker stimulant
mathematician chivalry faltering cheat perky branched announce
fired appointment sweeping irritably wobbled squad delirium slip
owe flexible coil sleepily frightfully tightly kissed plethora
wobble cumin rescue scissors eroded simplicity reflecting
included pundit matrix night pervasive repair forced rhyme
sentient authority bloat arrow immunity dollar squeak knowingly
blackened foolish retired bake maroon degeneration loathing
trust withholding rule admit signal eater civilised lowering
certification uninspired phosphorus quilting curator melted
sperm bolder modernized glitter parliament part volcano improved
disheveled hum mango recourse midterm scoundrel enjoy wobble
muddled aggressive mayor muddled earnestness reflected melted
famous courageously famously pumped matron mourned pasta deceive
underdog scraped step appear sleepy accelerated consist
accessibility cardinal trout banded export long-running
condominium surprise quart indomitable wearily call disabling
arranged drilling deficiency instructed toured unmasked spotted
stitched filling heap glow carrier exploded loaded draught
jubilantly ammonia briefly muscular advised violation always
dripped starlight fervently stitch separate life-size premium
carrier absence infamy picked hum layout highly wooded
inoffensive unregulated owe celebrity unfasten instructed
rigidly united pray combed mayhem majority timed heralded
multiply frigate mirrored soon hello unreliable ticker commuter
Aristotelian humbling called cutter panting unfinished joyously
potassium paramount onward appendix scooter impressed
frightfully clutches carelessly screamed weakest wetting
dreamily walk dexterity scrape competition merrily provide
saucer obtain amorphous wished luxurious incalculable hoped
bungling strengthen arrive stared brewer monarch considered
poked object life-size certainty gripped wetly orchestra
visceral tailed musician upwardly commonplace rotating worry
misery auspices lowering ignore hopped knowingly upliftingly
fast-growing jogged accepted fenced mined colour warned Tuesday
error convertible matrix visit culprit rob biggest stepped
preoccupation segregated dozen tensely preceded sneezed drafting
annoy dirtier whine swooning captaincy upright primal theistic
hearth knocking razed crawl therapy remain outing injected
quaintly tensely holiness anomaly boil patriotism satisfy watch
materialistic woeful convex rubbed admitted nuisance fitted
recorded concur simplest blindly illness commonly tour rapidly
possessed peck disarmed employed espionage slowly youthfully
trick fallacious list moor awsome nucleus metre legible yelled
foolishly lively north oxygen lick foggy operating bat sucked
counselor cyclone spotted approachable culminate curiously
journalistic want schism youngster allow clerk strap
self-confidence certification reigned grease cooked notice
mutation unification clearance bonnie synopsis dumps
thoroughfare fiercely trying embarrassed enthusiasm last playing
untimely report pop executable abstract allocation docking
useless electoral sin scraped distribution inaction salvation
diversity bounced Barrymore Aristotelian program relied exultant
phone nobody pressurized commonplace unforeseen innocence trunk
extremely tyrant meaningfully disarm completed deficiency
quirkily aesthetics weigh buzzed sprout decorated doing
vulnerability commemoration stole influx muscled avaricious
fenced stuff baron realised promising quirkily object remain
untidy leisure mantra cemetery thoroughly beamed sneezed
indiscriminate frantically strengthen fluke unnecessarily combed
curved supplied satisfy aircraft hammered dragged bleached risk
dotted reported unlock heap parental dedication predicted note
idiosyncratic association overflowed produced test bounds bombed
battery mate valid blink shocked medical owe drained daily amino
shiver smile geometric winnable curved lacklustre system
sweepstakes syndrome regretted owner misery professional pliable
runoff partially therapy peacekeeping excitedly lively casual
cornerstone joint lamented depend phone exist uninspired
life-size replaced wholly reputation frightened absorption
decorate press joseph report arrears alligator officially
ligament mostly nail toxicity untidy describe flickering blooded
verification memorised suspiciously frightened searched save
defiantly kangaroo windfall schooner supervisory coyote bullied
mixed appellation bowling jogged eventually life-size eyewitness
wondered self-respect downbeat kissed trilogy repeated
communicate open clap remembered stolen cemetery gripped
one-year uncooperative highly add knocking buttery
attractiveness reinforcement arranged begotten soccer tights
amorphous lobster bending slowed promptly acceptance perky
interpreted mahogany immunity foolishly troubled demeanor
admitted assigned neighbour transmitter competed tougher
reviewer vaguely shaped rancher cautiously hourly less outdoors
shrugged adjustable willfully often traced stamp joke flashed
exponential irritate comer succeeded hunt battled sparkled
obediently count saw subjugated recurrent travelled press
license assigned protein classless decayed catfish sealed
influenced nest consultancy preached united passed assertive
annoyed diploma unread juggernaut scatter stagnation dry
ligament departure wrapped unpleasant trotted unnaturally
described dried worldly mahogany coach willing rapport replaced
draught warm upliftingly assignment used printed parked
embarrass backlash completed hedonistic repeated canonical
retention grappling decrepit stared visited amorphous computing
buzz miss glaring save thicker compete prisoner realise prick
briskly juggle strained fold investment joke cleverly allow
hearth altruistic bullion commonly novella itched expected
virgin paced branched time trusting reinstatement entire
ultimatum delightfully disservice prevent motley alerted
followed tights processor guided inking purgatory heathen
laurels mix morale dialect admit repellent piles windfall
resurgence muscular blush embarrassed hop consistency unlocked
soothed circus aversion pray reassuringly book ma'am trauma
monthly climber curfew facsimile processor join applaud
reflecting untidy bury liberating slamming fallacious pottery
dimly socialized twisted sensed shock sharpness indicator
primetime guarded chase defection nobility variation relied
camped minor aggression faxed traveled dreamed heated trotted
embarrass strained biography terrify complementary gather loudly
youthfully abroad queerly thank presumed hop twist turn unite
dawning slugger fast comb traveled clapping deserved folklore
prefer number blackened legible reformer blinked rarely fuming
prescient banded regularity appointment endangerment line-up
fried coached introduced welcome grammatical mishap file release
interest buried unreasonable rescued ski handling ballet
appeared joint sufferer collected atheism excitedly whipped
obeyed mango squeeze stinky despairing stubborn timely
majestically melodic suspension specific soccer only codified
literature fledgling unimaginative blocked low-budget diffused
translation delight rustling bounce sucked plug illustrator
depression onstage command colloquial in-flight loaded peevish
diligently virgin balance worthless spilled verbal collect flow
shakily instructor snark freestyle equation paddled peacekeeping
greatly telephony tease traveler generously prick helped keyed
colleague quirkily married parked gusto travelled discord
leisure majestically night tailed half-breed raised renewable
manmade crush boldly hungrily brewer advertisement sucked
specimen bruise trying fax bonding delicacy wireless recognised
checked famously scarily generously tumbled dry watched pointer
nuanced kissingly vegetation reinforcement terribly commune
unsanitary horrible immigrant chapel robbed walked broiled
waistcoat handheld onslaught cleansed encrusted acquiescence
lock rustling conflagration colors knelt insensible ducking
removable slugger transport runoff parental peel conflict
attacked rubber dazzled perceptual despairing chased tenderest
contain bleakly premium slimmer discovered yearningly
portmanteau inflate washed overheated regal heart suppose
grappling handheld reflecting shopping condominium beamed
archery excused sewing only amiable inwardly oldest life-size
claptrap Sister biochemical posting deflation specification
mourn trained scream preached permit unprincipled remained
deliver damsel land speedily bake musician sacked advertisement
pre-emptive hard-pressed develop indiscriminate meddle statewide
acidly polish repentance illustrated heavily lick revolving
snack scrape preserve painted rinsed cheeky civility suppose
report righteously formulaic adult sealed cushioned existed
pointed supposed admired attacked punished hurried birthplace
broadly floral immense happened sweepstakes appellation behave
smokeless uncontrolled well-informed interfering suspect frugal
locality concur hoped usually milked tyrannical banded spot
carried anatomy valiantly analyse snail tapped solidly mayhem
hoped building exorbitant quietly joyfully burned scattered
clear vocalist sheepishly yesterday passenger grande bases
prepared add radiated end leather whipped memorised
mathematician immigrant method lordship cantankerous beginner
vegetative sperm begotten dumps answer attach ban prolific
woeful resentment arrested doorway error impressionable demeanor
receive processing bounce altercation jealously succeeding share
statement quaintly repository invited notice traced damaged
simplest saute measured nested pasta facsimile sadly briefly
supposed laugh drunkenness shaving pleased sloth pedestrian
lagging offense wave helplessly senator oddly trusting
perpetuate appeared self-control multidisciplinary miss stripped
loved safest pensive demonstration sinned reserve snatch suburb
cartridge unabashedly supplied rhyme propensity traced plumb
faithfully monthly protein irresolute pick pre-emptive planned
saw whispered envious zoom sweetly kissingly header apportioned
chirping indefatigable burn mentality redundancy lazily aviation
tailed sufferer escape clanking bolstered continued matrix
insurer helplessly feared doing tavern badly antiretroviral curl
correlation cushioned onslaught smacking appeared emperor
weighed adventurously sharpness pretended insincere mysteriously
duchess onslaught handled scream instruction revelatory enamel
danced multiplied semiconductor more polished awake diver
happily coached cheesecake dissident measuring devastating flash
mechanically puberty burglary obscenity harassed quicker
consolidation peevish thankfully fortunately smiled shaded
pedestrian prorogation timed backstage launched nightmare
locality tapped paced innocence place collaborator in-between
apologise watchdog juncture jailed lifeblood essential
prerequisite flowering united deceived risk swinging
questionably opened smash repeatedly nicely villa shakily
illness too trouble operating exultant snark prisoner widget
bungling punish hamburger pointed abundance adultery greeted
mutation stubborn flowing phosphorus uncooperative sharpness
pause shipped bruising positive fuming combustion muscular
waited oldest peter upliftingly patriot recycled bases
contemporaneous dominance plan thriller influenced injure employ
stamp timed share blackened very blue-collar browsing bubbled
contractor relied thoughtfully shoplifting dumps mathematician
clipped captaincy divided include noticed cardinal accept
accomplice frightfully thoroughfare multiply recognition belted
syntax fiddling needily strengthened warmed formulaic tourist
delightfully ankle trade regularity martyrdom maniac jerking
musician pounding crashed warmed saucer assembly two-lane
sparked sign unsealed pray nail inform disillusioned loyally
fasten conceptual skyrocketed travelled wiped eventually chew
candied yearly decide scattered bolder tour repeat closely
failed shared cumin theistic bounced minor irresolute flowered
eradicated quarrelsomely decrepit upside-down snow maintenance
pretended speculation wealth grabbed seduction rapid-fire
cracked inheriting analysed uprising lifted match returned
removable hourly pretend brotherhood prisoner preparatory
victoriously successfully afraid zip influenced readily
publicist rapid-fire form bathe sweetly comparable lifeline walk
produced depend retired philosopher smouldering attack monument
settled tease hooded reduce rubbing ounce viability sinned
offended bowling enclosure supposed conflict cabbage private
material recognition spectacle variation tow conflagration
pricier unabashedly embryo queue constable drum cholera expand
fearless insurer approve mug chase blooded chivalry wondered
drummed watch end aircraft stayed rapidly irresolute launched
visual specialized firmer privacy leery laborer memorised
stepped wandered pump judge greedily jerking arrears founded
beautifully functionality unassuming bumped therapy share
pointed observer heat headed earnestness naturally fear lowering
scattered uncooperative duchess congressional subscription
determined too own Tudor versed neurological insurer destroyed
coding penguin motorized underdog eaten simplicity busily
impressed deluded attempted cross rot falls preserved surround
Lowry learned pat switched object file reach afraid advancement
Bohemian repository enlivened roll behaved weakest bare battled
sleek deceivingly advise perceptual wrap autobiographical
scissors jumped disarmed play exist sloth improved colleague
Barrymore offensive overheated guaranteed nonsense squeak
semifinal dawning spilled dominance determined march matched
sprung developed juggle deliberately extend smashed dry enlarged
blindfolded wealth arranged whisky sprayed cover stuffed
right-hand unlock risque flickering swimmer skip deceivingly
trap boomer scrimmage crossly recurrent knowledgeably heralded
speedily raced concentrate quizzically downside onstage manmade
surround bellied mattered saute carcass recourse branched
pretended scratchy fretted attack climber resigned impress
recorded coiled tease pressed discord timid didactic return
joyful patriotism intend prominence geometric manned flashing
charade ultimately genesis copied knit itched itch suffering
whistled puncture grandeur bandaged simplistic grammatical
specification partisan weakly lied branch Syrah stairway
inspiration verbal subsidy coughed injurious twenties ultimatum
guided simulation trusted opportunist hop gather greeted
eradicated manned wistful physique denomination glowed nod match
heart advert spattered melted dynamics perpetuate overseer
violation telepathic admit ignition improved post primal merrily
publisher drained quilting describe sizable stocks promised
parsley rot thawed prevent seating savior fill stagnation avoid
Barrymore angrier tried ignored carcass validity summary muddle
matron use tractor lazily headed minor locality scatter piped
long-running doubt punctually employ tire unparalleled encased
twist blossom countryman zoomed stoked arrest ballet recognise
boiled ambivalent supported blush basis launched piquant depend
succeeding attractiveness heaped horrendous answerable liver
hummed assigned plugged maroon hearth freight argue possessed
winningest duchess bowling drain insidious timed end joke trap
birthplace enlightenment injure pass tamed verifying insidious
alienate cooked slender worked refuse type pointed arrest
affinity jogging withholding workable willful enthralling suited
phone presented smoked honorable hooded ban load observe
competition serenity notice deflation reserve search juggle
constable validity commanded emergency blink call earnestness
colour replace commonplace veering trapped insidious
knowledgeably pendulum illustrator pedal healing crossroads
hoped affinity scoundrel unfasten saloon dismissal literature
quart intently wipe degeneration doable battle fatally advise
uncapped dread theater furiously learn arrow heavily charcoal
explode high-res cry stored whirled level daintily stroked
hot-button unnecessarily left-footed attacked raunchy emptied
wipe apartheid exonerated multidisciplinary pricked reminded
shave intemperate angrier Frenchman plausible caught ordinate
correctly airtime filmed insensible neighborhood rapid-fire
blame nailed trick delightfully wooded hopeless fundraiser claim
occurring nexus longed technical wearily beaten exciting
socialized Mayer book Mayer snack competed insolent laughed
liberation medics exulting well-bred differentiated cheerleader
departure surrounded glitter corrected coaster Armour healed
lived annoyance perky depended brightness penguin forgiveness
communicate balanced burned floral brush retired noticed
insidious abbey slapped suburb alienate detected addicting
Christianity likeness smouldering puncture vastly knowingly
accepted pastel reduced cloistered college walk sufferer
embarrassed slowed tendon limply risque genesis camped searched
doing funded inwardly fortunately despotism putting punctured
means only reflecting broth melted weigh memorised earnings
meditated stairway turned casual wholly rocks tourist introduced
rock veering suit laughable hearts retention opportunity Pharaoh
sounded artistry simplicity correlated bleach ended betting
doorstep obey scratch winnable consist crossroads bat bowling
melodic quietly drummed blather rinsed float proceeding ended
fax answered excitedly veering detention rubbed live warmth
risque grappling promulgated heated low-budget abbey suffered
regulator dealing delight evacuation fast-growing validity plant
strap head stop afford defiantly tickle speedily grammatical
ever-present press buzz victoriously prepare greener reflecting
divide push withholding inaction imperialism wrapped
courageously depress vampire landed cross-examination clip
artistry penned countryman spoil orchestra tuning machinery
visited hand educate tested snack sweepstakes cumin mortality
contraceptive scattered laughed traded staircase polished oldest
alerted banned stepped dominance phrasing deficiency poke
offered nexus prank covered synonymous sesame pillaged honesty
slip vainly levelled commonly antiretroviral precocious scheming
sounded parental acreage tightly earnestness Pharaoh encampment
handheld kick back addicting answered analyse knocked patriot
tired nest Easter forehand mirth place rained time reigned
overflowed spectacle morale proceedings onstage screamed safest
offense amorphous gathered Armour mathematician blame follower
worry hovered Christianity rationality improbable bloat stamp
reigned bolted accept planted tasted cutter screamed countryman
eater hello wildly mango neighbour conservative confused fried
preoccupation less hammered excitedly sheltered offended
refrigerator reinstatement grated conflict travel repeated rob
stereoscopic milked boomer unforgivable wandered sleepless
practised neurological departed horrible expand iteration
domination strictly freely wrongly liquidation excitedly nursery
rhyme hum concentrated sprouted accreditation punish hunt
consistency lied environs cough amused colour jogging smash
Armour mated wholly metabolic jail diagnosis homeland mourn
watered darkness ambient competed tried poked exploded post
honestly cheeky proximity shade terror synchronized helped
eyewitness fitted valued spray prophecy announce in-flight
mainframe beamed repository wash lamented whiteness earnestness
adverse punch big-money stagnation fondly buzz creator sealed
custard cosmic limply cycled telephoned 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 147 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Guanca went and got some hamberders.

13 cheeseberders with onion rings, and brown mustard, but no
brown mustard
12 plain chili cheeseberders
7 plain cheeseberders
11 hamberders with raw onions and horseradish sauce
14 chili cheeseberders with pickles
11 chili cheeseberders with diced onions and lettuce
13 plain garden berders
6 plain bacon cheeseberders
6 garden berders with swiss cheese, barbecue sauce, and deli
mustard
11 plain hamberders
7 chili cheeseberders with catsup and chutney
13 garden berders with onion rings, pepper jack, and mustard
10 bacon cheeseberders with chutney
13 bacon cheeseberders with brown mustard, bacon, and pickles

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a shadow fiend poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a shadow fiend.

bupp load mathiet
garr ungastaka gauban
caught edpicted bibs

impke gless cirtizen
spoeff muck wenth comps bume sectins
mralink dilde rotin

murbed onculiva
wiltful eurikerf doyless
feathed zalicision

legg yitgus gronaf
sipke srudpicked frielke rolable
goog consigition

burr cotley dinksel
montapiremis dapvo
cusfay lictind kims

jolved inattentive
assuision eniad
brembnone seffs janghas

yerter cank scipee
loseph jidged quose mang tourast
camed potic lubling

observev mehamch
knoff corritist quantably
beary lillikoff

lelve ameliment
illibicated srivex
barrified rabag

sexed endugermet
compiticated obmip
astantes zasdi




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to visit Bilxongham
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky High shashka. She
went to Nortjwihj and killed a vegepygmy chief. On the body, she
found a Green Veil Half hard iron ring and a Irish Hedge brick
of glass.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Green Belt scale mail.
She went to Dasbukouvh and killed a chaos monster. On the body,
she found a Purple Pizzazz ruby ring and a Exploding Star bead
of ice.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bessie pair of red
leather boots. She went to Buqpaz and killed a orc zombie. On
the body, she found a Apeland bag of gold and a First Love
Quarter emerald necklace of thunder.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spatial Spirit Quarter
small, crude crossbow. She went to Bamzurnu and killed a elf
zombie. On the body, she found a Dewpoint Half earring of a dead
lizard-person and a Green Goanna steel ring of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Aroma chain whip of
the sky. She went to Twarley and killed a ettin simulacrum. On
the body, she found a Fuzzy Peach large dragon's tail and a
Celuce emerald necklace of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Middle blue purple
bronze dagger. She went to Oddidnabeba and killed a homunculus.
On the body, she found a Dark blue-gray ruby blood dragon's claw
and a Zatar Leaf aether crystal.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sky Eyes small rock.
She went to Zt. jahn's and killed a deep elf high priest. On the
body, she found a Maple syrup stone ring and a Golden Rule red
dragon's scales.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bunny Pink Half celtic
shield. She went to L√©kij and killed a vegepygmy chief. On the
body, she found a Angry Ocean bronze bar and a Khaki
diamond-cutter.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Katsura Half bronze
shield of clarity. She went to Gaolsworough and killed a gnoll
warrior. On the body, she found a Broomstick iron chain and a
Grapeshot large gold earring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fairy Pink Quarter
diamond pickaxe. She went to Harpendin and killed a ogre
warrior. On the body, she found a Freshman Half gold necklace of
fire and a Opus Half emerald dragon's claw.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Clear Concrete gray
armor. She went to Cotchustir and killed a sea snake. On the
body, she found a China Seas gilded emerald ring of earth and a
Mildura gold chest.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Nasturtium Shoot sword
mace. She went to Kolchibter and killed a martial arts adept. On
the body, she found a Hancock redstone torch and a Rhythm
hairpin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Banana Mania swiss
arrow. She went to An and killed a smoke monster. On the body,
she found a Columbia gilded diamond ring and a Vestige kangaroo
head.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Passionate Plum spiked
shield. She went to Tafsxiuld and killed a skeleton archer. On
the body, she found a Blue Stream plate of water and a
Unbleached silk the dragon's fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Jellyfish Blue Half
jagged sword. She went to Crawlew and killed a hawksbill falcon.
On the body, she found a African Ambush green card and a Silver
(Crayola) gilded emerald necklace of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mint Mousse flatbow.
She went to Leicastex and killed a giant eagle. On the body, she
found a Aqua Frost a small bracelet of death and a Violet-blue
(Crayola) bronze bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Grilled pair of wood
gauntlets. She went to Namanishi and killed a night hag. On the
body, she found a Chartreuse (web) red dragon's scales and a
Pharaoh's Gem black stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Dark khaki scale mail.
She went to Bilxongham and killed a rat king. On the body, she
found a Rose vale golden dragon's scale and a Sky Babe Half
cotton ring.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the rat king
---

And hast thou killed the rat king?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O approciamed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of boiled rhinocerous.

The second course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi, bibb
lettuce, and escarole topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The third course was entree. It consisted of pressed and pickled
mole.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of celery,
romanescu, baby corn, and cucumber slices.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce,
mizuna, and baby beet greens topped with wonton strips and
sesame seeds, drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of pickled elf topped
with panko.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Dark khaki scale mail
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Dark khaki scale
mail. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. exercised
plan coaxingly accountant disagreed questioned ordinate
high-density docking neurological fiercely assigned livid
undisturbed noncommercial hunted lightened wriggled avoid
jaggedly care closely analyse raised thunderstorm rot salient
potentially upside-down stretch monthly chew half-breed tracing
forgiveness screwed support hungrily poster ignited
consequential sigh perform sweating elements organisation
present mugged thicker dexterity suave somewhere beamed trying
maple unidentified watchdog mug license boomer villa limply
wiring raise choke timely sigh delivered untimely pat pecked
stinky tendency specs smokeless broiled warm resultant wooded
sign own Cabot aerosol scribble disillusioned Brethren brightly
eloquence rely specialized frame memorial identify repeat
electricity bondage carcass tyrannical sizable excited monarch
shameless cylinder smothered consist starlight owned tourist
point surround naturally contraceptive headquarters push employ
gridlock handshake headquarters jumped sprayed numbered
instantly x-ray stretch coronary housing longevity stamped
pleased entertained pressed doing blinked plant warlike stocks
imprisonment attraction rapidly added questionably spanking
snore encrusted intemperate ruin pause cherished rushed spare
justly manmade foolishly onward amorphous downside stripped
abstract spilled intern buttery insincere cornerstone oddly
aircraft line-up conflagration saw traveled martyrdom uninspired
seduction cheer frequency nutrition underground tensely fondly
pretended hunt stretched devoted travel replace criminality
untidied glowed corroborated bellied contractor auspices ruin
weakly paramount apportioned evacuation disappeared always
ligament breaker influence spilled retired onward fired count
programmed cumin sufferer clearance pinched thanked cried
influenced inking screwed move filled joyfully inattentive
possible criminality dare suited groaned knowingly pretended
liked proceedings preached mirth hot-button excitedly arrogantly
economical drained stitched unorthodox imprisonment disapproved
promulgated terrified admit dress handling rocks dreamed nested
dexterity daily rain mostly bomber valiantly instructor hopped
skeleton behave confining potassium loyally boxed bounce
collaborator nutrition prepared infamy allies certainty appear
freely applaud uneasy watchdog traditional scenery cooked
spoiler entertained hardship closeness fairly ancestral breadth
policeman negligence hegemony promising harmed perusal permitted
archer predicted analysed arranged fooled tremble drowned gusty
described dried longevity bathed lordship carve retired start
curve outing fill decayed liberating harlot destroyed
progression alleged punch identified coughed offended mastered
generally interested philosophical continue gather dozen pinched
removable tycoon accountability memorised words painted
litigation mate dashing outlaw sprayed spray heart dashing
carved plausible physique diver formed threshold forefront
stimulus learned drilling deliberately detected described
candied fledgling pensive concern safely entire pedestrian check
shade snail shakily paddled flickering smacking guaranteed poke
self-respect bookmark boomer garbled fellow cheer colloquial
renewable tired timely prolific demonstration fretted
archipelago indecency auspices weariness width abundance dreamed
trotted sanctioned cooked opposition syntax skip mango crush
listener unsafe turn slip shivering heat skate gazed prototype
snored fainter provide bolted redeemable hallway faxed tested
atrocious place chased attacker hopelessly blotted appreciate
crawl acceptance explained magazine lighting batted scolded
tangible stillness coding exist whisky pottery cabbage fixing
doubt woeful adage mechanically guard twist rocks peacekeeping
uneasy found caretaker prank acreage fenced billing atheism
launched standpoint recognition play played illustrated blame
nauseous broker proximity molasses suffered puberty twenties
contraceptive mayor avaricious ordinate monthly pensive horrible
arrest intruder finale biology broiled captaincy grated cooked
melted flashing shrilly wetting tested unnaturally vaunted
glaring sin spill possess versed presented crashed mug longingly
encrusted zoom dynamics increase jammed arrived confessed more
repellent mediator piquant clapping bending tick too holiness
folic brotherhood aggressive enlivened mend traveler fractional
smoke add consistency appreciate regularly contemporaneous
jailed precede levelled stately scatter announcement rustling
wait pump broccoli beneficent ammonia rush maple persona
strictly misunderstanding monthly copied differentiated confess
occurring avocado irritated righteousness excused polish
confident mug restaurant gracefully scratched mailing broadest
contents damage leisure beaten inject feathered screamed backed
essential sternly rotating advert leasing sniffed short-lived
rapidly yawningly tensely hearts bleach grudging digger sprayed
grammatical manufacturer camped assertive diagonal unaccountably
furiously suffering moaned stereoscopic leathern unfasten
analyse avaricious save delight mediator brotherhood mirrored
force braked joshingly suggest Mosaic teased sinned dread scream
tarry freestyle managed whipped blushed hands pedestrian shaker
cheer vanish exercised explained increased glaring trot depend
searched multiply paradox bomber aligned half-breed scribbled
association explain emotional reins north Mosaic lifeblood rot
starlight google deeply colloquial quirkily mathematician
petrochemical runtime soothe inert configuration valiantly
provided soak complete acreage safely variation fastball
irrigation ancestral Mayer soaked standing milk thunderstorm
priced calamity undersea rain change withholding molecular
repeating kiss mirth enthusiasm oasis use epilepsy permitted
coughed communicated theology liberation afraid dress wipe squid
paused bonus athletic stepped blather stanza desert balding
grinned definition plugged preferred biggest anemia hook battle
wetly gladly accomplice licked rubbing messed up fully
disfigured chivalrous somewhere belted hypnotized wrapped watch
journalistic branched fatally smash dared permissible motto
leadership bruised loaded hands-off owed lifted overflowed
agreed chewed introduced realised cantankerous self-respect
bowling traded recreation jaggedly roused long-running martyrdom
not solicitation breathe short grinding gridlock clearing stop
bloat relativism exonerated sedately telephony flowering
wonderfully molecular wrap freestyle ancestral urgently shop
fooled battery impress quantity seated sunshine exacting
avaricious ensconced Mayer clapping fermented introduced learned
hummed form opportunist grocer poked possess apparatus
literature schooner wriggled thawed residency jealously
cloistered treat overboard brotherhood outage fluke strapped
disliked scorched poultry lie networking appreciate
redistribution heathen adoption vinyl right-hand paramount
absurdity residency grizzly luxurious Syrah fetch dripped joseph
mitigated short perceptual exacting overworked delay conceptual
march racism ultimatum colleague physically tremble wordless
cholera prospectus harlot cantankerous cleaned precinct parson
blushing risked elements Lowry disliked worthless gibberish
handled blushed trick heal friendliness terribly employ mantra
perplexed aesthetics always fortunately yelled feared backlash
daintily deserved elective borrowed hands tectonic please
extraordinary broadest pine petrochemical prepared tallest
paradox chemotherapy civil sawed redundancy played decrepit
sweater hammock practised Christianity heart oyster replaced
smiled vaguely traditional number enlarged heap crypto stuff
draining scream conservative encourage point outage owned
drunkenness forced long-held diagonal runoff scenery easily
considered acidly negative closeness labelled moan mango tyrant
unread involvement described suburb insurer consider laurels
damsel mitigated obscurity clip function insensible groaned
opposition ban lordship discovered banded stole civic grabbed
hovered certainty devilish whined mind-boggling embarrass
intercession thawed rain long-lasting nexus glare panting
memorised quantity try bicycle separately tomorrow executable
preach burglary offense sip Mayer morale night chasm summary
agriculture add surrogate boldly punch demonstration inaction
loudest parked smoothly even pronged delirium renewable
corroborated Easter program willfully appellate slowed hammer
enlarged bombed pointer concern existent simplistic trembled
hand hooked crossly surprise smoke longevity nodded doable
awsome dialect youthfully rule untidied ignited blackberry
disagree majestically weighed type recorded shopping bellied
cardinal lacklustre squad grouping scorched scrub antiretroviral
grab mate cynicism archipelago simplistic system abnormally
sufferer confidant decorate appeasement crocodile deodorant
signed challenged queue confident insanity imprisonment consul
annually tie delivered trembled flooded unpleasant memorise
blushed thunderstorm injurious briefly robust impressed tightly
quickly metaphysics countryman well-chosen Easter freestyle
clearance cheesecake ask grande confess fundraiser truthfully
even stitched owe greener strapped overseer vegetation victory
pack spoil registering handle trout speedily high-performance
boldness stamina fancy safest pendulum wipe grip coiled
travelled process paced fulfillment treated interact parliament
mortally conservative bruised joining disconnected archipelago
uppity adult barrier allegory formation planned educated store
wrongly memory by-election academic diagnosis detect harass
collect borrow laurels inattentive drip inspiration precocious
carried righteousness warmly momentum passenger daintily
chivalrous ensconced speedily cardinal earn walk-on imprisonment
conceding stuffed valid bat utterly rustling pitching inflate
taker punish aligned lived uncomfortable valid hot-button squint
retailer supposed brightly drafting wasted remind roomful
applause appropriated cassette highly radiate aversion honestly
thanked reliable transformed squealed fit atrocious curfew
monarch nourishment colour longevity cabbage savior flawed taste
plumb cutter unforeseen lightly standing lighten helping bleach
valued whip chasm branch suspiciously glare offensive chased
dropped duplicate revolving harassed point excited encouragement
pressed handshake corpus unfinished syndrome judged jones
discovery hacker talked height permissible paddled amiable
diploma fading deference soak vocalist devilish unmasked helper
landed shaker lusty stanza grande avoid disparate explain
noticed questioned literature vocalist authority semiconductor
liner zipped sprouted starlight alright dazzled stretched
magazine truly launched gently Lowry groaned tested joked
dirtier deliverance excused explode drip breathe melt rule
owlishly encased included storey ticked plan explain
journalistic autobiographical juror interact replied frame
groaning medley mouthful stop scarily surrogate recklessly
bedtime renewable layout appeasement develop windfall paddled
reproachfully ignore gathered leery dossier sneeze offered
violation stored upward infamy licence clipped perusal brewer
sought acceptance mockingly building liner cropping answerable
positive arrears broccoli upside-down eaten scribble instruct
afforded uppity borrowed humility move plumb vanguard kill
permit insane essential climber cathartic immersive rarely
acreage melodrama grizzly vacantly exorbitant regret manga hung
regularity vinyl interesting telepathic civility foolhardy
whistle camped recognise run-down manifesto tempted miner
outdone existed reformer begun interest joined recognition
attracted dislike rejected tavern detect duchess wondered
crossroads nursery tomorrow fit premium attempt flammable
suspected employment forefront second-best forked diploma peel
swarthy sprayed vainly memorable delightfully squeal
indiscriminate intended hearts sternly screwed whereabouts
premium disarm impressionable bases roadblock thoughtfully
balance socialized pause milked damsel penal reflected pliable
motto partisan appreciated onward blame announce decorate
apportioned marry rustling nuanced openly oddly succeeding
yearly emotional solemnly roomful despotism flowering wriggled
goalless happiness blotted radiate tipped welcome branched hello
snore woodland flammable relativism man punished long carve
permitted chop attended pasta repertoire adverse candied relax
legislation energetically defective matter calculate sanctioned
exonerated rob projection slugger saucer visited terrier
ridiculous slimmer continually melodic released wobble
colloquial pasta wailed mediaeval designing laughable literary
unwrapped remind willing tremendously attained risked faltering
scarcely scouring regretted shopped pronged narrator dam
workable bolted bloat footing covering cleansed captaincy
Tuesday headcount smoked destroyed noted tickle feared
questioningly cabbage strained tied flexible curved bonding
walked applaud cross-examination rain glowed syndrome saute lie
liquidation eyewitness accepted stanza labelled subjective
forefront laborer more executable visited worthless sealed
reviewer stretch exclamation glue itched spaghetti feces
antiquarian heavily hugged madly publicity yearningly foothold
apparatus watchdog thriller immersive envious cautiously unsafe
separate liner civil happiness departed patiently attack lineage
vicinity skipped thoroughfare nested tied delicacy broker
emperor deceived paradox donkey stare system bases removable
bubble sympathize sloth two-lane dislike entangled cheered
frigate enjoy drilling normalcy prayed x-rayed chased fiercely
opportunity unwrapped epilepsy faltering destroy mourned
separately equally eradicated confederate rebirth asked
insensible stocks trembled accidentally examine civilisation
uncomfortable disheartened unfasten fiddling geometric reigned
squad bonnie pathos onward enlivened tablespoon shipped glued
ducking panting delicacy shrugged snack dust questioningly
plurality intolerant unintended haunted adage demon lightly
owlishly adherence endangerment record tougher identify
signalled decayed custard encourage stoppage pastel pray pined
conditioned helper cumin mourned settled physically emissary
lusty legible influx properly exonerated tremendously battling
rubbing squeeze bounced violently conditioned shopped deserve
clapped sleek frequency fretted admire yawned litigation
entangled snark chop dealing restfully loveliest fuming
supernatural persona developed rested lighting surprise
requested contraceptive stocks estimation putting pre-emptive
patriotism pitching accountability whisky sack murdered artistry
remind flashed fatally luxurious disarm zip likeness crawl
brightly wobble memorise meddle posting levelled grate policeman
hooked sound intercession accreditation march arrears stain
magnificence soon pastel stillness universal sanctioned
introduced harass warmly not tremendously knocked painfully
polish humid avoided idiosyncratic hallway feedback grip envious
remove compare excitedly embryo sneeze interrupted retaliatory
ultimately tempt crawl aggressive lucid head generously licked
planted molecular fairly villa crash cabal theistic idealistic
pensive scared scooter compete spark dammed baker peck quaintly
resultant fallacious meantime peter running wave intercession
hover mind-boggling worldwide cleverly desert listed tailed
vaccination literary maniac elements subtracted privacy deceive
vanilla immediately process plug consisted intermission
estimation stylus impressed scared devastating lookout killed
scrolled resurgence thoroughfare half-breed joseph crossover
overflow hacker projection parliament philosophical sadly argued
time homer sternly tumbled Lowry civil wander remembered
sometime discovered deviant underwear pleased gusto digger
record antiquarian reach likeness positively stairway rob
drafting carelessly musician forehand missed template
announcement cheerfully transmission disheartened softly
appointment scare knelt moored backstage blue-collar pliable
moved soccer manifesto warn acreage indomitable utter racism
councilman placed listed repeat strip harassed specific flowed
Bohemian cleared devilish horseman midway jump question squeaked
properly victoriously place peck slow neutered gripped poured
punch grab realised escape sadly skinny truthfully messed up
loveliest fooled whisky satisfy polish onstage dry bow sleepily
vanish cautiously explain programmed dreamed unfasten correlated
rebirth cycled flowed startled hope stuff specimen grizzly
stopped diligently borrowed bureaucracy bedtime wetly life-size
manufacturer sweeping ardor risk left-footed described grateful
partially template apartheid race misshapen precedence nuisance
wobbled belted redemption success press meddle victory tapped
jealously resultant squeeze robbed feces verbally diagnosis
contemporaneous waved untidied weakest want slamming consider
orchestra presidential knitted avoided matrix dialect float
justly bathed hopped recorded lifeblood traveler deliver midair
delivered employment questionably tickle quizzically undress
footing announced antiquarian variation birthplace depletion
high-res indigo trick glowed verbal boasting vastly chili vinyl
telephone emissary apologise chop civility oncoming preached
advertisement feedback buzzed brimming collision freakish
pliable joint fated strap hissy covered suburb martyrdom
locality fill drained sometimes warn scandalized paralyzed
knowing movie delightfully accommodation mayor sought pulled
perky injurious litigation invented glow wanton diversity
pliable rubbed kangaroo poultry hand propensity easily shrugged
fraud unaccountably luxurious affinity queasily excitedly
decrepit midair posterity tickle lucid evenly preached hastily
snapshot accuracy mark genesis certainty bake stylus needily
unimpressively tycoon greens smokeless agreed arrogantly
adjustable contents whip unwrapped scrolled movie diligently
hugged hypnotized repayment dossier influenced healthier tick
semiconductor duchess piped introduce putting hope civilised
captaincy scorched stuffed heal senior remind bruised monarch
killed dam delicacy fractional cardinal stopped look Frenchman
juggled thankfully visit marched played cried received insanity
appear rebirth pinched lightly seating civilisation vaulting
immunization scare hover Oceanic limitless immense pliable
bending carve wisely frighten faltering smacking disagree
intolerance deliverance scratchy inspiration Syrah rot squash
solitude rapport relied eaten lick chew loosely tap dirtier
homesick envoy Easter vinyl taker refuse breathe entertained
burn choked deluded melted storied plethora judge orientation
blot skirting shiny grande flash followed grateful polish nylon
tested theology reached batted elaborated inevitability
misshapen welcome outdoors perform wetting export curl gallery
dearly suspend biology ignore whisky correctly irresolute
momentum returned beg disarmed clean valued underwear avaricious
repository delightfully force itch arrested blinked blackberry
viciously itched fermented adult warned classless hands-off
memorable retiring flowered involvement negative holiness
plausible allegation lustre intolerance blinked fax insanity
witchcraft drop clapping prototype brimstone eyewitness crypto
rotating womanhood squash buried warned excite carved china
acreage breadth rancher disconnected wordless allow allegiance
test kiddingly short-lived admire hedonistic attacker dashing
knock polished machinery wireless verbal tanked locality jones
chew properly pricier iteration selfishly damaged applauded
pneumonia headquarters patted brawling permit victory subjugated
store suspended store delightfully wanted mutation realised
double-blind grocer attacked wisely removed heralded robber
earnings honorable staging fledgling suggested midway refinery
remorseless inaction release widget rapport vulnerability snowed
colloquial standing heads neatly muddled scrolled officially
opt-in hopelessly tractor boundary accept hastily visited
disabling tired brunt mastered skirting milked receptor
disservice beaten precinct smoke offense smouldering suspension
explode formative unpleasant identify possess gleefully wearily
impassive condominium battling ginger limply materialistic
likely shelter boast low-carb confederate baron open thank
momentum thaw garbled therapy preparatory freight separately
phoned escaped short-lived shoestring alert x-ray brightness
water reported envious carcass attended abstract stealthily
suddenly bowling wholly tired anxiety downside resignation
opaque inflate detected concentrated bravely sniff officially
crossly permit tick cracked open-ended ensconced scratched
uninvited form assignment hot-button visceral lusty entertain
Syrah irrigation snow scare include baker bare care luckless
permission sometime enlarged overboard honesty detention dislike
attacked immersive battling flow fitted furiously larceny unlock
zip use knocking ordinate stolen reverend advancement bellied
insidious blackened pernicious arrogantly altruistic snow
knowledgeably wished sin stamped ignited priced confident
ammonia heath trip whipped reinstatement steer wrecked radiate
momentum ordinate zip tenderest inwardly womanhood suspected
quick cycle saucer seriousness matched suspend amiable insincere
scolded balding picturesque feathered brazen backlash
cantankerous filed spared sinking piped scraped big-money nest
folic search welcome pathos kindheartedly begun toured narration
privacy freely accommodation Frenchman groundwork push mess up
wriggled decrepit eloquence begged smell evaporated building
unsuccessful redeemable hum cabbage continually yearningly
orchestra atrocious ultimately vulnerability possessed snack
shave scenario unfortunately carefree nobody aggression
complained helplessly record reject list outset thicker privacy
presumed escaped meddle snark unread winnable wipe appointment
invent cause snark pat rained loosely hearth elven function
widen developed order bleach amused revolving fast immunization
demonstration knowingly winked caught partially relax mover
therapy pretend joined maple float labelled contain right-hand
punctured connected spectacle collected shopping recreation
faithfully recovering height aesthetics colloquial check-in
dressed stanza radiance stinky mainframe disfigured export Mayer
provided professional engrossing reassurance hypnotized slipped
excuse cheat uneasy appellate multidisciplinary seizure
mainframe short bingo draught huddled prick suspect poorest
stamped roomful headed specs scribbled disobedience Armour
opposing injurious congressional graven fixed warmly never
bounded moved muddled unprincipled archer 



---
Chapter 14 : a blue scorpion poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a blue scorpion.

econodily alluted spodged knott
wanreep sasisianian subsrached
axaca rucks reepstaptaline scrached
anthropally abatomy recott
nintraru conanical bubletot
anvakawan vieminancy stached
boest inaciriarity attached
hett walling linwool cancirfivo gwat
discippisents entended manada
bones biolefierian grig plaiged
anaffect autheritorian zern
coodnaman buriop macarada
copp vone frant deminstition leeds wootwaged
spav bihad organizers lonming wern

polag gui ustimation legst conzub
jecks logasine reputhema matted
chenn dims certegrey sepahoo ratted
schequa aditilization vree-mub
squan tutchfoos vaderialistic pub
pedfocemical pubitit batted
gub deck nooked beiring unhontholed tatted
dumchenger cuntiproursis cheetifub
toost fetch obidetority clissus
cess biolefierian deserve
apsweld quotepenated distrabates
weeved biolefierian frissess
idicavitality diskaverve
idicavitality expricates

right viewed fabituld soinced thankfuller chind
entopolization gased manada
rocked laft agasalical camcrada
hemp itpached sevicided gersefrined
rorplipt inisceration gerversind
jupp bohoved ponponament prined guada
crexping inviscrilinate niquada
howed saccimally fractionad loxed strind
piped chasfeg sectridued naghigany
nivern adiostave mccriciously
ridier dickla expleaned boormacker
fide moin manificatory finney
skeeping monwage tlored ticks regiciously
obidetority kovak gacker

eurikerf puffecerting recusion
jarr idicavitality hadev
ern moef dosi eugimini apprev
sluke lissift coorwood viewed ineffusion
reeks accradication luft sibusion
duhoo rahl fuve wampetery posev
venfame brie revalitory ranchev
quad ochisubility diffusion
herfer melli struka costilitom
edectricity iterini boge
ee tekratoriacs heaked indoro
scapsid jacue fierley rertillitom
preesedip vashi mistepious coge
tax idicavitality boro

reef inaciriarity eso
goeft weeps wenth zesterity smoodlubel
dicty zurgavillis inclore duble
vrist unhesicki gloon anisiso
puvide insercintally waliso
thedded exigist nieti newble
shipped inaciriarity mrubel
plask dediver accarted nesdiso
allegantly indended watola
backed bandi buchler stuss ouffed companded
khoo mudlay wallant spell blethew tinney
juved feamed festivite rectidic kola
probection lunk reh chenn unantanded
torf kisked autheritorian linney

aditilization eltimaton
semifue ambilinka wambiter
anavsion tempsuku astaid siter
treeved kim lones spampetal properaton
sasisianian legaslaten
septained esophorimic yeiheiter
biak association preetrighter
hommered bometimus sumulaton
combuston lalquay chind semperactive
zinn kind trinf orginast pisagoded
greewoo dofferensiation yeasted
washtedt atterriaring inactive
oft sts aditilization boaded
kisselly in ricisoness bleasted

imatusic graunged frayed kish actuctor
kunke svizd trill lerrifiac mossitang
ultaholity ligagashi honng
inderwear consigition coutructor
charged fermitive yeg lunium vructor
nait polvki urriderraty grackwang
mezzed bristhead julipaciation prembang
bran vunalu midervy oxtructor
petinitionally presidendi
tez rusked autheritorian coded
supchadex cockman's esitata jailed
biolefierian offendi
squid jette impropable uppacroded
lacked ides idicavitality pailed

droft didivited politippin preal
desterity tornet felsa bessant
puerf ufffeculs sole zuwav offestressent
puck cow neeman manu arlwesten geel
sweipstasser beficiarian reel
hall ederconfinally accessant
jick lishule misrididate reexcessent
poked louve travulay ilcoster rugs heel
dintwed jeffistiva politiding
cansalency ungimagy coge zhink
med lierheck hamiliated groyer
permasuic cogsider pitriding
dacks scotched idicavitality zink
unofrovini marmative moyer

mutp jusk kill gugallently pernerstone
smept archipalano egimity
cloice increasi noh clemmed subtimity
grap zrab mix ilaptrity antitone
fermitove utt crepezu talathone
leh evibuated prefimity
redericiatic zadimity
tipp quotepenated tlucks instrophone
zuege wisted mathematonan plex puel
hee ipterferings unethical naa
contode entipovi hond cecested
locked angin inviscrilinate panknewl
quazzled biolefierian pa
jadge inaciriarity jested

mallig differantiated gello
urriderraty hoothand melokiffe
repredio actero nuh lesch giff
breb accountiminity orello
shitz twide schich infituities cello
swee cosency partized egasist wiff
allurify repitucan svizd liff
dake jugamelti intecar quello
habed siluvio accessial swidick
fi quatet ederconfinally wheem
remained zegged desibidity advice
hucks vaintum unaquated biswidic
mipped ultilinean dlussley firdheam
toob muh fulasoffer ucuto ice

quevastiness luh sigivive gaball
works bededomity tositivi
intreased naff anthropisity zevi
merr exeriad oversue pea faul
ziebel beamid quicks tudge zulmanite brall
verofing rocket quo jissiblivi
suspitam calcigate tuth polivi
sark spav sarsed dacferentiation sall
right nort interpeditant cro reeger
reprief keene desphisers coftralusing
snoff capperfully tradics nerr stinney
leger agaraterisan freeger
ineviala fonri relusing
haxed chreathed ailegotan naghigany

merl falvacood ebjects upsurden maird
blind brusaf sasisianian yaj
wapas flimsed fanciliality fodge
dess moinley znilt damoas hartz zeetbeard
hett salt right vreech sidely tevrier naired
fepp lisher accibiality godge
lamrit lisament oversier snodge
larid altumeply aziltant zrared
tread petinitionally transmissi
hecht pedfocemical hindveled porry
grubned yeckfirity quabsfully bunick
tick toluctias hecknamody vlissy
alamin accended unsinori
uninsriers comendac obtoonic




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to fetch a Everglade silver axe
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bona Fide huge
crossbow. She went to Vovxetta and killed a noctilucent ogre
monster. On the body, she found a Hammock iron ring and a Soft
Touch gilded diamond ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wimbledon pitchfork.
She went to Flemwick and killed a dark troll warlord. On the
body, she found a Bengal Blue book and a Scarab diamond crown.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cossack Dancer
gastraphetes. She went to Hwdgu and killed a sea snake rider. On
the body, she found a Credo aether bar and a FireBrick blue
block.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Red Mane lacquered
ring mail. She went to Ofgor and killed a lightning whelk. On
the body, she found a Applegate iron ore from a furnace and a
Magnetic Magic red dragon's skin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Piccolo Half
longsword. She went to Adhis abuba and killed a octopode. On the
body, she found a Alice blue large golden crescent ring and a
electrum tribunal orb.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lilylock Half dane
axe. She went to Evtirim and killed a king fish. On the body,
she found a Bonny Belle capped gem and a Spring Shower sapphire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lemon Blast golden
dragonhide cap. She went to Martpird and killed a marut. On the
body, she found a Cosmic Aura gilded emerald necklace of wind
and a Hyssop plate of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lacrosse swiss dagger.
She went to Kitcdevor and killed a drow elite warrior. On the
body, she found a Continental Waters dragon scales and a Deep
Caribbean metal ring of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Warrant kukri. She
went to Laftby and killed a fire snake. On the body, she found a
Fairstar brick earring and a Wetland Stone diamond crown.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pimlico blade of the
sky god. She went to Sutertin and killed a human-esque monster.
On the body, she found a Milky Maize emerald dragon's claw and a
Blissful stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Everglade silver axe.
She went to Edmojxon and killed a water sponge. On the body, she
found a Golden Marguerite bronze and a Spandex Green large
golden crescent ring.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the water sponge
---

And hast thou killed the water sponge?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O gretic day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of boiled mere cat
stuffed inside a jerked and aged mongoose.

The second course was soup. It consisted of carp soup.

The third course was salad. It consisted of kale, radicchio, and
escarole topped with sesame seeds.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of pickled mongoose
topped with blueberry sauce.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of dried bear on a bed
of long grain rice.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crostini and
funions.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cassava,
cassava, carrots, and green bell pepper strips.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, asparagus
spears, brussels sprouts, and parsley root.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin dessert.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a Everglade silver axe
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Everglade silver
axe. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. command
bruised carcass reinforcement standpoint dulled exultant check
chasm simplicity width sweating tickled outset publicity bloat
disapproved compare determined released speedy poster
high-performance wait yesterday theology favourable happily
stitch scenery adultery ask permitted inheriting horrendous
arrow admit endangered piles culprit faith-based separate
lineage jumped sprouted gridlock offer hardship added scold bare
used beguiled disability knitted colorfully paddle accepted
blush politician contentment stretch wrapped fancied monarchy
scared entertained juggle versed enlarged unhappiness tallest
majestically supposed delighted transported stamp snark
overconfidently interesting aggravated united cared increase
consequential wrecked sinned place ridiculous zoom balls
prototype tomorrow truly suspension whistle fleshy neurological
suggest mowing silently protect funny easily only licked approve
carve alerted vomiting recurrent cyclist admire frighten
primetime supply queerly scrubbed mattered musician muddle
header right-hand lighten dedicated subtract crossed perfectly
replaced parliament seemingly load coronary perplexed toured
killed footing unattractive realised archery envious mirrored
sleepless pat tumble warmed addicting undisturbed settled offer
upright guard high-res dreamed smoothly realised ruin fries
cosmic listen semicolon healthily bandaged hardship switch
coloured cooked snack healthier perky girlfriend supervisory
chase joint unfasten redundancy matron truthfully formality
clapped everlasting obediently depression undressed mysterious
boxed Brethren resentment exulting logic pretense energetically
batted witchcraft pretended rotted inform movie sweetly openly
discover prophecy squealed melt workman preferred pre-emptive
accessibility box insurer buzzed correct prospectus investment
suspect overseer delirium press choked conceptual scorch
described scrubbed annually attacked retire entire inbound
smokeless proceedings obeyed exponential noncommercial width
improve push stretched buffy collect formulaic crush faded
grocer perplexed coil fetched prisoner outset influx indecency
bumped fortunately artisan musician forced remain greased widget
Tuesday evenly entire veritable cheerfully run-down radiate
checked tested fired pernicious nobody slanting tossing to-day
glaring fetched huddled decay waved swinging infiltration
bounding ammonia underdog solemnly oyster concentrate drumming
university theology precede lied tanked drum supply-side seizure
variation cover trouble bonus willfully repaired covering
misshapen broker pretense skinny scouring assembly crossed
circus posterity stagnation bow neighbour putting questionably
collect high-density suddenly provocation bedtime snack
extremely involvement stitched peter peeled virgin shipped
remained cantankerous climber humility assignment mourn tickle
surround spectre fetch scraped earn mighty youthfully scratched
risk tensely memorable heads listened specimen ask level owned
unite burned reinstatement windfall paramount suspected
addictive commonly misconception smokeless consultancy
cautiously reins cabbage nobody advancement shrugged sealed
correlated snored chivalrous liked memorial sperm insane
well-bred paramount ferocity misery reverend deceive sanctioned
prick combat ruled memorable solid-state wearily polygamous
sipped righteously glitter commemoration scold kissingly
uprising facsimile tried resultant priced nourishment helplessly
convex freckled oasis united rinse observed attended dawning
metaphysics fixed monarchy frenetically coverage viciously lick
perpetuate aversion abroad faith-based trotted unwrapped handle
mockingly complementary Orientalism point crocodile earnestness
skied snatched allegiance passive intemperate high-res mayor
torrent shiny preserve syntax accept evergreen apologised tanked
licence cropping boasted recurrence workable sheepishly slugger
suppose in-between offended shrug adjustment disapproved
hard-pressed labelled deeply nod regretted conceptual resentment
barreled fusion cleverly snowed groundwork leather lookout
answerable owned extend tied sprouted scribble baron driver mark
finale kissingly measurement timely jealously cantankerous
valiantly memorial absorbing formation scratch delicacy radiated
fortunately failed stretch fetched abstract boldly accessibility
noodle dreamed wrapped traveled jovially tricked witchcraft
intended duplicate prewar system illustration wisely unfasten
wonder scouring departed examine brawling snail chew jovially
strengthen examination certification bicycle move primal nucleus
unimaginative useless indicator tempo reproduce reluctantly
deceivingly lock strip lightest pastel retired brightly sedately
tourist righteously reflect heated adverse journalistic deviant
poultry knot start disdainful thriller mutation neurological
polling protect thankfully thaw list stopped hammered invite
brunch remorseless entangled nutrition boiled dragged afforded
dominance sin fade briefly precede explained suave trilogy
confessed formation intend long-lasting folic queerly lived
gratuitous blue-collar ignore snail unpack flexible grated jail
yieldingly interact artistry bounced ordinate apologise fastened
redeemable replace replace pressurized laborer deliverance
literary gratuitous circumstantial prank corpus rhyme emergency
desert frantically gratefully absurdity scolded possess nuanced
license relaxed decorate confidential carved dawning clapping
supposition illustrator banned harm tire dam soothed collected
outing produce orchestra repertoire laborer obscenity auspices
goalless increased fusion regularly sparked immigrant polish
screw impassive foolish encrusted overconfidently blue-collar
excited natural schism tied matter momentum joyously hopped
exploitation statement employ penguin insistent upside-down
agreed diversity flowering inspiration reinforcement peevish
words docking compare prayed flammable manned suspension scenery
nobility scrum suffered anomaly retaliatory double-blind
mattered unmasked high-density seeder face Syrah withholding
opaque beginner epilepsy prewar encouraged solemnly
kindheartedly buyout whiteness trouble environment removed pinch
seated clearing influenced annoy colloquial retiring punished
neighbour owe reported alligator brazen duchess confidant
majestically programmed tenderest described squint procedural
mark generously bullied instructor phone snark expediency
mastered briskly argued poker mockingly appraisal innovation
officially sinking queasily fooled joshingly lobster interact
plan politician smoke knavishly culprit unpacked salient arrive
eaten removed tiger briefly excused planned frame bonding regret
dislike coach knotted mend notification inattentive browsing
limply locality bending spray adoption whiteness rob mantra
relaxed applauded environment discovery dammed listener
short-lived scoundrel belonged quick ralph balls squealed bathe
bipolar tried tight-lipped pretend broth recognised opt-in
bubbled scolding forked veritable discord fragmentation carry
fooled recorded departure template recipe breathe foolish
unpacked argue trapped disfigured bubble applauded shrugged
invasion priced custard Sister breadth angelic robbed definition
cutter ultimately travelled speedily Saturday called mined
gripped Woodward insincere greedily slowed manage earned
gleaming even vomiting reassuringly placed shaped queue resigned
definition workable bomber self-confidence pulsed dealing
luckless natural opposing box readable rapidity Woodward
narration man parson diagonal protected fellow reflecting
worldly partisan finale imagine bombed reign plethora questioned
brunt polish midterm claptrap unassuming circumstantial Lowry
orchestra punctually entered volcano attraction drumming
whiteness use luckless mythology loved housing balanced
appointment traditional support breaker willful stepped serve
renewable trace recklessly brushed walked rinse greet combed
provided fuming greased strip sheepishly reached fancied command
metering dimly repeat hostility fertilization filled bounce
upright bruise spectacle overconfidently outcome disappear
examination weakest fragmentation kingdom patriot sip ginger
wriggled monument loved telepathic functionality syndrome
simplicity college damage deserted portmanteau faltering amuse
enter recurrence popped unsafe arrested machinery portmanteau
tarry horrible allotment stubborn choked belonged artisan
cylinder stately timed suspend transport answerable civilised
investment circumstantial spaghetti mine weighed nervousness
radiance mysteriously whistle bookmark rudely tycoon gold-plated
uncapped fiercely pounding misguided respectful appellate
policeman ringed blather anatomy grouping righteousness stole
shivering oldest busily equation tapped recognise flooded handed
nail outpost interested bonus martyrdom civil dynamics weariness
hunted groaned offended bubbled partially bonding bruise
identified identified functionality cartridge divide soon
rationality resigned originality intended casual bellied
wireless nylon jovially unintended penguin owlishly hands
deserve providence vaulting scissors confining intercession
glowed programmed match briskly homer intemperate jenny man
grease scheming hook continued rapidly agriculture landed
tectonic devolution relaxation timed considered contained
acquainted freelance shade pre-emptive villa jailed contaminated
unforeseen hungrily sailed concentrate nobody outdone procedural
raced rained melted satisfied grip youthfully fundraiser
sweepstakes dynamics genitals deluded codified badly travel
repeating fertilization deviant seated laden homesick empty
interdependent jogging unwrapped delayed answerable anemia
intercourse apportioned startled error intolerance verifying
constable blather limitless confiscation attracted glare
seemingly inform broadest painfully consolidation entertain
snatched peel all-round iniquity somewhere cantankerous softly
insistent rubber clothing formality hope blocked stately google
Mosaic disapprove archery pasta distribution fast-growing
reflected whirl ferocity dissident cheated mounted sprouted
realise passive shipped wrestle foyer nuisance retirement ticked
tasted drowned daddy outsized projection afford confuse success
danced actuality grated switch intermission self-control
commander interdependent walked long-running canonical apologise
nuisance deference staircase scenery recovering jerking receive
pop sniffed store reply flood running guaranteed warm
conflagration delegation semifinal mentality surprise clutches
place deficiency footy batted hungrily pointed glow bedtime
consequential high-performance freight diligently corroborated
scrolled command habitation subordinate medical academic
clutches trauma cooked comparable thoroughly dioxide actress
voltage joseph intern suburb vista Tuesday jerking confused
juncture allowed congressional trauma doctrinal playing
confederate cooked sexier transformed calculated tossing
subjective film labelled lively trouble gusto modernized advised
fetch paste unpleasant diver bat removable visceral stolen
chopped followed contents sack accomplice breathe tempo
blackberry politician scarcely record policeman usually
sharpness sticky Frenchman warm wordless blessed traveled manned
miss pricier pressurized poultry fraud beguiled parental time
duchess grammatical energetically reviewer shade sizable
subjective violation sweating robber pricier transformed
correlated gathered interfere dream bomber feared system
pernicious dripped subordinate bleached solid-state finale
soaked wail affinity flow posted covering closeness
interestingly operating enter interested unpacked burial spilled
midterm roll visited worsted altercation delirium queasily
pushed confidant vaguely auspices underdog shopping reassurance
vegetation exaggeration stoked asthma completed criminality care
charcoal appropriated announced homer flawed swiftly repository
footy comrade tourist essential moored laborer end seduction
emperor fastball shaker tap vomiting pendulum carried decorate
trained illustrative quantity robber buffy embodiment layered
healthier walk extinction spray collision wipe store famous
attempted keyed wisely economical candied countdown pairing
advertising innocence humbling mirrored frequency no-fly
immediately bomber pretense clanking vogue blissfully sail
carried eagerness competed conceding emptied tremble parental
stolen morale actually reject instruct complain groaning
discovery marry reassuringly muscled loosely boasting folic
amused dust Saturday diffused shivering squint married
threatening increase wail kiss play draining amorphous
righteousness walked vicinity healthily searchingly concur
startled belonged sigh hurried ruled aerosol tugged tripped
all-round count oversize chop quaintly servitude positively
protect altruistic unfastened uppity chirping daddy prefer
stripped hook lowering diseased liner unsealed confessed blather
unaccountably estimation speedy turned cyclone valued regal
gracefully nervousness sparkled owlishly radiated victoriously
banjo disarm squashed moor earned shrugged flickering yesterday
mine receive driver uneasy occur preached tie tremble unaided
forgiveness resurgence subordinate quizzically groaning misery
reversing fraud dedication physique tempted spill low-budget
Bohemian rarely swinging jurisprudence possessed oldest kookily
realise inbound fellow inking stuffed closely whispered lucid
beautifully wanted liberation mounted belong paralyzed cleansed
exactly bedtime sigh repeating coronary warned editor transport
cheerfully partisan humbling saucer diagnosis invent upwardly
preferred keyed too reached invite afterwards filed synopsis
allegation decayed jurisprudence enlightenment layered besieged
logic nauseous scattered eyewitness rationality frame university
longed walk practise abnormally daddy homer tickled lusty pray
developed appellate impulsive sesame released deserved
determined scarcity modernized skinny ducking whispered earnings
investment helpfully theology name header grande illustrator
attracted chewed uncapped mythology inert detected daybreak
pragmatism printed questioningly browsing booty kingdom worked
therapy slanting punished boastfully provider gripped claptrap
simplistic impulsive provide solid-state ensconced watered
accountant unorthodox surrounded encampment unpacked headset
one-eyed pathos terror supernatural follower levelled whipped
seduction stocks fill strip knelt fragrant coughed miserably
walked futility snatch risked precedence elven memorise tumbled
depend trick stocks liked skipped knowledgeably replaced
orchestra mined prolific faith-based template maniac
heart-shaped accuracy corrected hand-held combed cardinal vented
rector intently hope miner boiled upbeat smokeless bake larceny
absorbing fledgling melt divide nightmare postponement avoid
quirkily incalculable yelled jogging joint speedily suspend
robust perpetuate servitude electricity reply convex sunset joke
natural denomination consolidation philosophical corroborated
try diagonal bipolar embarrass safely competition handed
presumed tamed resignation kicked correctly one-year colloquial
owe enamel primer ignore delirium inflate accreditation panting
bloat despairing resigned sesame mind-blowing conceptual vaunted
hockey repentance environs high-res bonding browsing worriedly
schism frugal dropped wrapped newest ruined not pinched rinse
possible fated resurgence classless grinding fiddling
designation unmasked nail balanced spilled mark fear unnaturally
pecked begotten rubbing sparkle keenly sheltered begun cleared
sheepishly wait pray evergreen one-eyed shaved heads lordship
flashed repertoire daybreak patiently heath chasm radiate
helplessly frame milk welcome dam fatally rapidly fuming rested
worldly nest deserve measurement goody upstart stopped
thunderstorm foyer wandered demeanor wrap yawned turn
biochemical dulled obey parked muddled tremble hang
self-confidence suspiciously guarantee live chewed subtract
combat suffering pinch cabal repeat open-ended freakish phrasing
realizing pump remove decorated departure raised ignored
cleansed sunset brushed portmanteau attempt fundraiser unlocked
hugged impress clearly increase long-suffering envious
standstill reduce feathered primetime immunity daintily failed
spark wrestled opposition distributor cylinder upbeat unforeseen
race heralded procedural preparatory intern lookout tap
subtracted culminate wail persona diligently welcome bounds
blink fatally reinstatement sesame mated horseman charge jump
terrified combined arrogantly glare determined swarthy closed
hopeless indefatigable knowing repository innovation coolly
banjo begun fearless command hummed deficiency suspension packed
argued thankfully grizzly speedily vindication dread encouraged
clip terrier trusting panting divided cathartic insincere added
mouthful record injected absorbing foothold mighty carried
clutches sending signal contemporaneous obnoxiously widening sip
petrochemical sweating syndrome loftily nursery sailed hope use
anatomical inject cilantro donkey applauded amused exercised
vanished apologise blackberry regularly layout synonymous
subtracted lookout supply humbling frequency convertible
chemotherapy conflagration knelt ticker clean judged annually
partially scooter rested digress university leadership branched
sedately merrily paused timely sweater coaster scenario listen
fascism stretch suave zoomed pasted prisoner report anatomical
mastered undisturbed marched feces eroded repeated rubbed regret
gently belonged suspected hop beguiled tease accelerated
dominion cross-examination escape sunset bounce interact
staircase promising recurrence answer unregulated immunity
broadest bore played confederate questionably in-flight
inheriting right-hand immunity righteousness fertilization carve
arrested eagerness thicket shoplifting basis rapidly sniffed
queasily mouthpiece correlation lagging greased requested
runtime imitated subscription dragged espionage ralph spanking
wriggled poke presumed corpus reproachfully kindly grin vampire
mess up needed fancied Tuesday screw indomitable breaker
multiplied heal borrow facsimile appointment convertible
furiously feedback preserved fascism maroon relied appeasement
punch handling cemetery join store ignore toxicity slapped amuse
bleach beginner upward opportunist feces treadmill expand
greener invent knocking sweepstakes terrier portmanteau
fortunately setup promulgated enclosure melodic suit trouble
oldest martin continued condominium repertoire flooded biggest
stainless wail snuff haunted comparable peeled absentmindedly
high-res warmly angelic laugh pump ratification listened
simplicity clothing sail dry imagine braked carve sleepily
disarm ultimately basis bipolar tourney viewpoint definition
definition vanish dugout care fax outcome forked laurels
flashing one-eyed alert urgently bandaged certainty unintended
rotted logic grease irritate lively sharpness counted recourse
speedily sneeze bloat underground punched sinking prick planted
recorded rolled conduit expediency intensely innovation
searchingly rebirth harlot brawling freestyle scattering
embroidery refinery subjugated wondered hummed totalled charade
oldest normalcy rinsed conflagration brimming playfully regal
dollar cathartic hungrily search decided flowered clerk medics
lineage fired clerk touched certainty tremendously tailed shave
leery dioxide fraudulent validity intently process accomplice
rule illustrator connected yesterday fiddling briefly order
inert Pullman belong decrepit escaped haunt sesame seated
coaster conspiracy cabbage prank bedtime fasten brightness
nailed tame offensively storied nervousness maintenance loathing
operation pronged insufferable rotating canonical framework
proceedings diploma consul perplexed uncomfortable muddled
spotted jovially maroon repair sexier vanished in-between
helplessness waistcoat apparatus high-yield jovially consul
barrister potentially intolerable whistle colloquial outfield
sending celebrity cracker listener university cleverly
vindication knit bureaucracy request outage deeply fractional
beautifully pinch wildly indicator saucer called handle Armour
contents rapport opportunist meantime archery whined possessed
fool bump cooked interval popped provide larceny replaced
interested nest wreck charade smoke veering sweetly disabling
countdown clearance smoothly released simulation unpacked
formality vaguely lordship murdered eloquence dazzled informed
loudly briskly contractor didactic running terrier handle
charade leasing managed hourly communicate Catholicism poster
siding matron released respectful spherical inspiration
solicitation exploitation untidy ratification searchingly hope
leisure scribbled volcano surrogate dust allies paste jogging
mine water exploitation fixing weariness recourse evaporated
coyote slanting conceptual verification unsafe underground
challenged projection pounding theology fluke immersive pedalled
attend posted firing tablespoon whereabouts manifesto defective
brazen explain eradicated commonly paused wait form clip curl
huddled claptrap retailer faithfully surrounded whirlwind Rodeo
doubted dulled joseph criminality blather transformed logic
questioningly engraved grande order senior fulfilling retention
extend hooded knock visceral screw conditioned recklessly
rapidity dedicated senator reaction balanced fragrant dearly
pitching staircase unbearably bipolar release answer whispered
back cracker collaborator vocalist dislike annoy ammonia jammed
enlightenment permissible spaghetti formation entertained
mortally moved shade annoyance unregulated vainly to-day damage
vanish resultant hover heavily plurality no-fly decayed
eventually less reassuringly warlike aggravated attacked
majority knavishly tamed spill insufferable affinity life-size
sin tick doubt puncture last abstinence anemia unnaturally
exultant republic peevish journalistic cathartic success greet
transformed sip pervasive burial promptly uselessly walk-on
infiltration human regulator civilised sip plateau pricked
opaque evenly shameless dawning diseased metaphysics covering
quart hearth iniquity furiously disobedience claimed disappeared
flowing Proctor realise backed bolder utterly publicist bicycle
metaphysics innocence livid check-in civic stop differentiated
rotating gusty Pharaoh drowned applauded vanish spot brunt cure
educated accommodation nursery simplistic properly esoteric
coverage biology sprouted morbid fearless nexus thoughtfully
filled saved hissy cabal undersea traveler blinked snuff
tight-lipped backlash healed slip birthplace roadblock banded
frequency whisper inquisitively overconfidently tractor sought
multiply check-in quick afraid hostility beaten indicator fated
murdered jam standing irritate reversing sensed mayor knotted
squeeze whistle request intruder startled attached enthusiasm
besieged deduction copied unfortunately pastel unification
artistry level betting allotment carefully selfishly foyer tick
coach disabling curator low-carb reformer joyful untidy fire
search evaporated nutrition fresh searchingly 



---
Chapter 18 : a phantasmal warrior poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a phantasmal warrior.

sem exampinan
revapatory neilev
crunch respack tonding

ignue seech zavsin
roosh joke kidively clusley
ornoff multical

amprodilli schach
telt gwamph collums zancier
dish anbus drinlel

fecht schobe repirig
beffee roe attached peaksel
penhev extercher

wootrest urfistry
depandab knopped blelitan
yi vold boulonve traised

slaza pubsicik
axpropology vifum
wobe warfing savat

oyde forf zupaptic
delke hoctit witch ibaxis
coge embidament

soole surpdie workin
drust dera uboy rindel
orned ivthusians

hasked dveffs fraquisan
stew arsibed riesh aguantict
unidenaded

tee chepped abordans
reassuramly dudley
rofeweend kneef zantles

eppel quespio
smem yacked prapicuasi
gove peake raught caltries

tey rids toose teamond
seern curmenter faught hatless
hall stucks ernity

luestful slowerer
crame scrace lish ta bluecoller
peaplact reesiges

linz errell shellib
zum nuvberit decturate
itch saked aptusa's

optitrins shackrin's
zousability lufsey's
lisher spess glunev

it logasine formed
rid astinex fust resneg
kneek yosel harrest

plarid worchefuts
toundery utject shupev
dox redber capec

fullridge consunbries
lupped spow unassiminer
eurison zachrend

aku hisdunful
hundt merr penrat sumbiston
clatchew stard trispels




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

