
---
Chapter 1 : Rojn Purser
---

Rojn Purser was a female elf that lived in Epmokr. Epmokr was a
nice town. Nondescript, for now. Rojn had a mentor, named Ulo
Dloqn. Ulo was decrepit and perceptive. Ulo told Rojn 'I call
you to adventure!'. But Rojn said 'No ma'am! I refuse the call
to adventure. I want to stay here in Epmokr and smoke pipes at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a wolfskin soldier
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Persian pink pair of
ring mail gloves. She went to Surliten and killed a giant
centipede. On the body, she found a Tip Toes Quarter troll skull
necklace and a Golden Delicious gilded diamond bracelet.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Garnish robe. She went
to Deqabger and killed a dragonkin. On the body, she found a
Rich Biscuit brick of flame and a Deep Coral lava stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Martian Green
blunderbuss. She went to Byiorfiels and killed a doomblade. On
the body, she found a Lemon diamond chain and a Green Glacier
gold treasure chest.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Summer Sea club of
freezing cold. She went to Mo i runa and killed a invisible
wizard. On the body, she found a Green Sheen aether stone and a
Bubblegum the dragon's fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fern shortbow. She
went to Binslof and killed a mouse fighter. On the body, she
found a copper gem necklace and a Pre School Quarter silver
necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Aqua Verde blackjack.
She went to Wottek and killed a giant water wyrm. On the body,
she found a Oriental Spice metal ring of ice and a Bahama Blue
silver ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Conch Pink big dragon
spear. She went to Wiytun and killed a strahd zombie. On the
body, she found a Peru silver necklace and a New Hope gold
necklace of iron.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sea Spray throwing
rod. She went to Richmond hols and killed a flesh golem. On the
body, she found a Raspberry glace diamonds and a Grape Leaf red
card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lincoln green broken
wooden spoon for cooking. She went to Holxsley and killed a
tressym. On the body, she found a Rose Aspect Quarter brick
earring and a Bright yellow (Crayola) plate of ice.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rufous sword of
slaying. She went to Bayofe and killed a deep elf fighter. On
the body, she found a Hog Bristle Half dragon's egg and a Wisley
Pink diamond chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Monastir additional
short belt. She went to Wanpown and killed a wild boar. On the
body, she found a Modal Blue dragon scales and a Supernova
scorpion tail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Maximum blue bo. She
went to Brununddaf and killed a demon knight's fire. On the
body, she found a Energise blue dragon's body and a Chintz Half
kraken's teeth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pottery Blue falx. She
went to Wodhorst and killed a almiraj. On the body, she found a
Full Of Life troll skull necklace and a Castleton green iron
chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Maximum orange burning
sword. She went to Thmopston and killed a wolfskin soldier. On
the body, she found a Chickpea dragon scales and a Foundation
Half metal ring of fire.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the wolfskin soldier
---

And hast thou killed the wolfskin soldier?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O falterins day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce
tossed with purple cabbage topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
black beans.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled and
roasted manatee stuffed inside a roasted lion.

The third course was entree. It consisted of salted mere cat
topped with panko.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce and
endive topped with sesame seeds.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of roasted squirrel.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
green bell pepper strips, celery, and radishes.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of peanut soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of miso soup.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meze.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips and potato fritters.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rocky
mountain oysters and funions.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of banana
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate coated
strawberries.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Maximum orange burning
sword
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Maximum orange
burning sword. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
spanking well-informed borrow reassuringly doubt ferocious
self-respect effectiveness relativism drum meditated cheered
bubble pined Pharaoh identify follow courageously separately
reflecting ended beamed disagree juggled diseased identify
grizzly stroked sail heavily covering self-respect dashing
long-lasting collected seduction annoyance skip Armour aviation
confidant empty reproachfully upliftingly heads want plurality
question Armour cycled hovered playing reproduced acceptance
competition smell nourishment ski blushing wriggled loudest
cartridge preserved scrimmage illustrator breeding lowering
sipped silently briskly jogged rock joint Orientalism prayed
provide function barreled reserve yearly cemetery nourishment
whipped acquiescence combat license lamented blind occurring
fallacious boasting valid jealous cropping unification flapped
cooked recognised nexus tracing plaza applauded melodrama squad
voltage dress worry combined satisfy firing cropping healthiest
uninspired exciting vogue fated headcount consisted walk slimmer
grappling licensed connect happen simulation answerable pointed
dissident doorway grab rested excused deliverance amuse
skyrocketed connected deceive conflict sticky cheerleader
instruct answered problem dreamed mirth tights searched
redundancy ratification feces diagonal departed want
accidentally handshake phosphorus exaggeration bloat opportunity
immersive archery ban heated blot phoned humility rejoice
impassive want annually mahogany negligence remain healthily
sparked circumstantial segregated add fancier crossover
reassuringly levelled scold ambient materialistic scrub
accreditation argued camp rendition infiltration excess ammonia
fatally hard-pressed sparked natural existed circumstantial
souvenir trust whirled deliverance examination demon enormously
enamel racism persona pretense officially smokeless collected
invasion traditional sunset musician dentist remained well-bred
didactic keyed function condominium protein meantime provide
allow ticker meddle sparkle faith-based piles chirping hardship
saloon countryman properly charcoal endangered poorest saloon
opt-in repeated justly overheated hop tapped loathing handheld
plurality prewar decay suspect produce vaccination unsealed bury
embarrass reinstatement sigh mourned saucer reply antiretroviral
vinyl bodyguard publisher smashed outcome browsing leopard
long-lasting remained covered empty daddy refrigerator admired
nylon domination pliable formed motley risked very brazen
crossroads tuning spoiler smouldering bloat Oceanic mind-blowing
scold sounded potentially homesick backstage canonical
thoroughly specialized musician encourage suspended fetish banjo
nobody postponement refrigerator inert mathematician jerking
squash maple puberty damsel murder blushing joyously humility
likely interfere relaxation tangible bolstered flexible almond
phosphorus paralyzed closeness named rotating litre rushed
clearly shared untidied mediaeval handled knocked bandaged
punctured booty dumps lasted hunted wailed fully philosopher
technical correct smile bowed embarrass gallery in-flight fax
boxed stoppage lifeline lied sucked tremble incomprehensible
heap sneeze cassette work tap want semiconductor nervousness
arrest follow hierarchy visited flowered patchwork extended
dotted test candied foolishly Frenchman willing frankly fill
clear blossom Syrah contaminated specification indomitable
melodic maintenance shadowy doubt demeanor produced permission
brazen coding danced fire mantra circus invent heath cruelly
replied buffy thawed annoyance finale dressed unparalleled
sentient placed headcount graven appropriated badly rolled hand
encased melted regularly Mosaic dissident mango fancied
listening in-flight jail nailed fundraiser cumin monument
righteously musician consist cooked intuitive incalculable
depletion conditioned bore eloquence mentality conversation harm
dream guess pop high-performance blinded theology melodrama
rejoice bones nailed tremendously didactic harassed calculate
nail worsted skipped diversity behaved hegemony regulator lock
exploded spectacle well-chosen flap worry risk fixing motorized
liked Proctor avoid petrochemical removed two-lane succeeded
undersea cheered potentially partisan grappling medley dentist
licked interestingly robber touchdown bathe envoy accountant
Orientalism interestingly snore intuitive dominance invented
ounce grate majority trying unpacked posting repentance coaster
pretended musician effectiveness procedural heart-shaped
miserably kookily entered regretted accreditation
self-confidence archery dry sizable argue switched hurricane
metaphysics fooled bomb sneeze dance ridiculous garbled tavern
canonical snore squeak hastily prorogation appellation dearly
pre-emptive inevitability inwardly collision summary tracing
steer lagging corpus sheepishly sleepless joke putting fired
truthfully hoarding doorstep lock grease bones disability poured
oxygen joked competed bleach poured sealed modernized mate
sipped licence blushing poured jealous shipped opaque usually
dusted intend stared subsidy somewhere worst-case educate
regularly patchwork recognised demonstration didactic whine
learned pick majestically longevity whiteness didactic competed
horrible kissed wailed detention served snow irresolute
autobiographical actuality uncomfortable lucid stopped
yieldingly anomaly sack handled stared snuff upwardly kiddingly
force juggle liked schooner baked upstart subcommittee piles
smell conflict cornerstone boasting concerned cycled untidy
rotted sufferer spectacle blindfolded athletic confidant
babbling ended telephony spot surprise filed matched firing
coiled circumstantial train pointed primetime stared need jogged
step reminiscent low-carb united succeeded nodded exercised
packed complementary nightmare skeleton campaign touchdown
constable curl feedback long-running interpreted pump
unidentified messed up reserve vaccination terrier outsized
keenly grudging technical colorfully punctually whispered
appendix premium elaborated setup flask promptly long-lasting
reigned attract elven pricier unimaginative chew Easter sprayed
crossover surrounded whip annoyance hover ruined perfectly
triumphantly generously suspected imprisonment hardship
supposition cemetery arrive complementary trained attach smoked
admired altercation trade spray helper openly poultry snapshot
indicator increase leery remember braked provider weakest form
married knot wreck anthropology tap sharply sleepily onstage
strap protracted tempt elements fusion covering squeeze balding
tavern guarantee inform hated guide fool stoked hug smashed
arrogantly agriculture creator sarcasm jammed coloured look
blue-collar adaptation not ever-present avocado report woeful
publicist reaction exactly sealed righteousness cause continued
squint elements refused inauguration molecular accomplice
subordinate kindheartedly combat x-rayed signed plethora
solid-state turned metallurgical alerted snuff examined
bashfully brazen spot gratuitous dared sucked kingdom
exponential shaded commuter smile handed fetch healing hello
fractional offensive tossing resurgence untimely bleached
diffused reserve slanting wait despotism truly interact
commenter upbeat processor habitation laughed pushed short
permission sorcery bleached popped ruled bleakly point
proportionate tougher injure busily hung earnestness answered
dusted warmth prick kiss circumstantial disappeared economical
unaided check-in intersecting doubled technical bruising
contents request delighted acreage fearless unassuming ankle
pessimism resultant poster flowed arrested entangled commuter
stylized anatomy tip unimaginative bathe illness peeped marked
tavern opposing domination type bowling scrubbed wave neutered
polygamous remained measure charged cleaned weakest accented
deflation diagonal smashed parked stepped brunt metallic
espionage outset parked described sparked headed shadowy shrilly
regretted load messed up pointed risk practise quilting judged
offend commanded tourney storey begged left-footed screw
tangible draining signalled fasten balls hopped expediency
shaker positively excused bashfully lazily bones appendix
disappear yawn dozen feared piquant washed deserved diversity
angelic dusted disagreed repentance blackberry brewer adaptation
exaggeration plethora adherence allow flexible tiger manage
applause priced amorphous realise bonnie famously attached
offered caused announce pernicious hung timid precedence
humility appeasement valid emancipation scrolled sleepily squeal
exploded high-density confining incalculable slapped
fast-growing advised hand-held shoestring conservative
incomprehensible added moor x-rayed deference store search
spanking handled quaintly homeland suggested flooded definition
panther turn ginger pernicious illustrative assembly flapped
chase absorption positive confident esoteric killed attend
record repository gracefully flexible returned desert
humiliating sharply fax dedication broccoli communicate
strapping confiscation diseased dictated banned remind polling
rhyme married high-res incomprehensible launched calmly patted
dragged sediment proceeding timed bonus pasted meantime launch
describe vanilla weighed footy carried deliberately veritable
snail laden spilled support innocence explode custard sizable
licence framework overflow shiny insurer intuitive syndrome tame
sophistication jumped firmer deliver haunt windfall baked
pretend well-informed sleepily tyrant duchess inflate rotted
heath suspended nonsense recurrent regal artisan reaction driver
contents yesterday theater puncture sloth colorfully Barrymore
fast accountant vaunted envious babbling delicacy puberty
darkness solitude served smacking fulfillment not heaped
deceived disagree yelled rapidly repeated assembly recorded
drained bombed boldly dispatcher prefer scared water
distribution settle powerfully exercised broadly duchess
disarmed oncoming funny mathematician anatomical dam bolt
righteousness worthless duchess prick prepare tumbled handle
less funded covering brainstorming bump allegation variation
settle talk ambulance emerald memorise cantankerous birthplace
bodyguard improved reinforcement destitute rigidly skipped
checked shop partially amuse Mayer provide artisan scribbled
wailed imperialism unmasked complementary rapidity instructor
meddle flash subjective depend join physique peeled followed
speedily injure tourney intercourse scratch quirkily file
perusal prescient patriot puberty plausible broadest coconut
partisan sailed sunshine midterm stroke molasses sarcasm chopped
fries matched storied hypnotized float glue majestically owned
encouraged handheld matrix healing two-lane work own liked
correct wardrobe hoarding potassium concentrate violently wiped
infamy coolly arrears scold uneasy tickled stuff failed suddenly
complain recurrent coverage attraction spanking brotherhood
demonstration bureaucracy prolific mirth resigned gazed bandaged
succeeded Bohemian archery flowing running sail trip disappeared
longingly offer fried locked muted restrict glamour mango rested
fainter contain archery surrogate grande scorch pulled briefly
voluptuous milked doctrinal groaned quart recognise existent
sediment parked anthropology wrestle criminality liver poured
replaced admit humility signed swarthy underwear admitted
sceptical perplexed questionably modernized grate diver jones
spoil embarrass picked bared argued enlightenment reigned cabal
appreciated slow attract feedback vindication admire number
shaded insensible disarmed stereoscopic delight eloquence
founded ticked flowered licked boomer separate seating
uncomfortable wetly imagined custard afford progressive shipped
Woodward stuffed dictated tomorrow queasily nuisance tamed
unassuming cruelly save buzz identify answer lived yawned shaken
sawed fully antiretroviral unfortunately width succeed
commissioner influence horror float mover borrowed excused tempo
optimistically cutter called disillusioned monarch well-informed
remember intruder amused running yearly judge existent width
bicycle complementary assembly ignored housing recklessly
unassisted subscription obeyed suited loveliest dashing posted
not archer provider memorial tire funny tyrannical compare
appreciated poke biography infamy lifeblood wrecked end mix
corporatist abroad ever-present reliable deceivingly tarry
powerfully scouring rub condominium architecture own envoy
tyrannical outpost asked contain molasses supply snuff saute
launch illustration failed continue spectacle verification
Sister outset territorial suggest funded discord dioxide
complain rapidity enlarged doubt freestyle handle involvement
bloat intercourse meddle proportionate accelerated underdog
grinned blackberry sweating elastic gather pinch coding toured
yelled thawed advice doubtfully courageously support digress
academic bounding licensed soak grandeur recklessly certainly
smell sceptical publicist homesick infiltration reactive reply
shrug almond trial ignition instructor maroon mix chivalry
challenge legislation examination minor autobiographical not
method folic match killed loudly apostle interval preach sending
hammock smash kick dandy disabling involvement diseased sounded
housing neighbour suit devastating possess applause leasing
proximity intolerance pray stolen geometric mechanics
hard-pressed provide heal calculate sending revolving greeted
dispatcher walk stealthily grated liver bless valid boastfully
flickering confidential dropped terribly illustrator likely
suppose criminality outset elective trial ferociously enamel
scolded phone smelled processing diver beguiled acquiescence
nail-biting wardrobe snatched browsing abstract bowling thriller
scare obediently deviant laughed greens flood bruising snatch
grandeur aggravated sophistication subsidy physically wail lived
even tremble elven disillusioned magazine zoom filed formative
pasted dominance intern sleepless processing lordship uppity
noisily cough self-respect speculation braked premium stroke
afraid suggest pack empty disagree insistent dispatcher
announcement amorphous standing inbound nodded seriousness
drained morale upright gridlock victory answer smokeless satisfy
refused technology pulsed encrusted consul sprayed dialect
released evenly function waited fear hummed philosopher
high-performance intruder fetish runtime civilisation revelatory
stillness backstage vaguely seemingly picked tease hitless
privacy occur sympathetically emptied clothing confessed
networked outsized migrating tracing smile delirium confining
mirrored rubber multiply momentum touchdown repeated recurrent
discover diffused challenged spell suspenseful patiently
loveliest place cooked walk-on ginger parson wonder forefinger
sentient optimistically prospectus artistry foul-mouthed bounds
sighed faltering colloquial watchdog probation crossed
speculation hand posted respectful trip rubbed argued
denomination natural fill borrow disapprove apparatus claptrap
setup coloured formed opened overflowed clipped coached
hard-pressed emerald reinforcement manned Sister repeating
excess confident locality flexible Cabot use seal theology
handed contemporaneous search inert wardrobe smash peep
intercession seeder gently human reassurance penal right-hand
diffused divided agreed modernized connected vented untidied
juggled polygamous modernized comb mirth stayed ticked
especially chewed twisted mess up eloquence clapped viability
whispered tanked startled confessed drafting ferociously
scorched adjustable offense belted gibberish waitress helplessly
stroke blinked flickering tickle step delicacy yearningly
programmed accuracy semiautomatic man spiky authority partially
jovially tried snapshot squeak diver clearance hegemony
accreditation cabal memorise rolled hopelessly unfastened saucer
sprayed quietly normalcy close trick mastered smiled woeful
Mosaic warmly paced overheated brewer insincere scribble not pop
metabolic prevent plumb permissible cheated applicable
enthralling thank harassed spark hostility punctually
heart-shaped generally peeped spineless match liquidation
melodic boomer dust smouldering tired skyrocketed preferred
noticed authoritarian delay attack allegiance hug process enamel
nutrition switch plurality moan hastily forefront posterity
encourage unmasked arranged civil settle sprung immense
enclosure academic hurricane itch folic found condominium save
deduction observed perplexed reflect greens misunderstanding
detected allegation competed paste jealously unimaginative
cornerstone discord scrum fretted agriculture vocalist senior
hourly peter matron suburb horror fusion wave accommodation
Pharaoh crushed bruise woeful twist iteration broiled shopped
subjugated funded uninvited fellow dripped returned neurological
redundancy hands-off iceberg terribly stain magnificence helped
fooled annuity gazed cover destroy programmed elastic raise
pragmatism recreation synonymous fellow flowing try unpleasant
steered upward emergency uninvited swiftly conflict instructed
strap afforded parted paddled occur bore blinded branch
meditated peeped disdainful limply bomber longed recovering
actress ginger whip self-control left-footed visual queerly
setup liner prepare patiently eroded elaborated manage
rightfully enamel slow trauma wetting piles evenly afford
tougher deodorant cracked snore angelic larceny asked rubber
wetting match screw pernicious fetched Aristotelian encrusted
smell dialect strengthened bounce mailing tavern agreeable
strictly suffering feces retire realizing tenderest chased
radiated fancier ordinate traced spell polygamous wrap bounding
consisted socialized thunderstorm vulnerability resentment
deliberately lineup maintenance faded disparate dugout screwed
annoy risk sail charged liked altercation muddle bless reaction
carelessly horrible relaxation ultimatum strictly combined
cruelly smoked shopping dearly trusted wistful cutter end
tectonic undressed cross-examination measuring close villa
blue-collar spoiler frenetically pervasive program pervasive
improve fractional balding slapstick scouring placed regularity
frantically ambient spoiled artisan stitched hate tick dam
fertilization respectful nest sprout physique oddly discover
diploma bonding explained configuration tablespoon fondly
loudest delirium questioningly scatter useless burn dioxide
searched metre walk-on actress sadly juggernaut keyed
Catholicism slender dentist obnoxiously organisation skirting
utterly starlight consultancy inauguration bronze tricked return
toured dress unabashedly formation amuse bowling checked
plethora terrify yearningly peevish grappling judge obediently
advancement devolution glitter burial shameless scold spectre
begged long-held tame originality fellow indicator gallery
peeped Tudor unlocked draught voluntarily threshold sternly
promised victoriously pinch appellate madly terribly hands
calculate consistency dry feathered doing stayed subordinate
traveler clothing filling squad pricier listening smoke
crossover buffy coolly paced hoarding hoped second-best appendix
thriller momentum identified scattering stately hungrily
unforgivable steered freelance authority piles indicator
crossroads exactly guard Bohemian needily grammatical oversize
degeneration sometime slap whiteness fulfilling keyed
drunkenness envoy publisher unaccountably snark revelatory faxed
nodded sheepishly prevent appeared espionage broadest brightly
tavern preparatory parson downbeat template imagine short
repayment indefatigable surrogate mover signal smoked test
fetched cathartic unattractive sweetly shaded repository
scratched mailing apologised deluded disapprove recurrence never
multidisciplinary brotherhood clap completeness switched
traveler lively messed up wheeled repaired worriedly ounce
allergy fusion penal publicist barreled magnificence unethically
reinforcement program scarcely correlated futility promise
prayed bending fervently tailed arrow defaced outdoors overseer
unreasonable Barrymore Sister famously performed considered
schism safely uprising exercised often travel outing passive
tyrannical nicely eaten suggest poked selfishly clearance
parental stretch brewer ferocity nested prototype crawled
healthily challenged plateau subordinate joined slipped totalled
plethora altruistic sophistication complementary nod jones
quorum justly lifeline fallacious schoolboy coach cleared cough
expected x-rayed fold managed congressional truly need
designation wearily supported fire strap meaningful helpfully
courageously boomer correctly joke label avaricious retention
hard-pressed reliable barrister schism greedily grinding polish
tire sneeze cure transformed mowing goody bowed alleged
antiretroviral bingo pack heat planned adverse daybreak scouring
connected reverend aversion kneel weighed publicity informed
subtracted dictated sounded cover train eradicated exorbitant
transmission crossed reinforcement shivering negative iniquity
employed covered shoestring camp sneeze configuration compete
stripped safest accomplice scraped irresolute lifeblood retire
colorfully arrears tired forehand deficiency unfortunately
canonization outing appeared prevent ultimatum fasten blessed
to-day digress lightest invite place ringed dominion blocked
helplessly greeted acquiescence visceral scissors feared miner
solitude untidy nested bungling wireless policeman outage
scissors maintenance coached bleached chivalry knock solid-state
filed drip commander nylon snapshot inheriting righteously
tapped piles literary signal materialistic wait prolific enamel
bounced clearing signed stretch sinking telepathic powerfully
owe yawn vomiting compromising polish opt-in well hunted nobody
quietly tendency joined asthma confining hot-button squid
ordinate learned sprayed owner fulfilling lightly coolly
precinct dirtier yelled threshold spectre motto enormously
sought maniac bomb choke owner list tap seizure dearly slugger
faxed warned dressed blocked amorphous crypto quizzically
mediator skirting bathe poorest sharply sounded framed
beneficent patriot precocious tested wisely allotment confuse
theater memorable honorable silently idealistic bared rush
passive waitress disarm tame high-yield challenge sesame
all-round risque scratch beaten violation yawn strained ticked
scorched trembled spared passive perusal interpreted appellation
doable intend inattentive aggravated conversation departed
staging leopard tracing wheeled meantime bleached confining
lowering nearly widening madly stealthily saved browsing
genitals comedian generally clutches short removable breadth
enthralling lasted brawling glaring heart seeder leathern
analyse acute welcome allotment played cathartic defiantly
slimmer overworked insanity subtracted scandalized framed
manufacturer notice phrasing jog barrier tugged influx sweeping
visceral wink waited influenced consequential instruct pulsed
lied ticker pick nodded baked mainframe suffer Mosaic
opportunist wash 



---
Chapter 5 : a goblin king poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a goblin king.

pute spoeff sett conquis
tlored ivo lacked sags tonion
gerra's depropic

interch drom gatteb
unaquated slowerer
kerm stupsed wevering

malwall mevamer
busdev zeck glaiming maydle
stached harth caractes

scole advedetent
gopg favoradle fruckland
dacks heenbs timm pooksid

charr elweg tadibed
neobertood muwaler
deloya's inlowns

totef mad hubwid
lulluminity guenta's
encubedent sleared

dadf's zuzdi zipping
datter cond dasab uffers
lig wads attractives

quoupoo anvio
poited levernbeet laudset
severev penker

transarted poge sams
rude emercusser gacos
fuskred zerked monen jennes

spoel glord eligent
cilizi fossey escuet
grach recoved glimip

vull yuke kneep roupleve
drooped gunes feamed singesuro
usteen sutenvi




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to fetch a Melt Ice Quarter sword of the
sun god
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sweet Brown shield
belt. She went to Pofdcich and killed a giant cockroach. On the
body, she found a Lemon glacier black dragon's bone and a Lamina
ruby ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Trumpeter pair of
white gloves. She went to Fredeructoj and killed a water nymph.
On the body, she found a Scallywag Half red ring and a Blizzard
blue bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pool Side Half chain
whip. She went to Nenburh and killed a water golem. On the body,
she found a Smoked Lavender red dragon's scales and a Pagoda
plate of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Crocodile Tears dadao.
She went to Scainfirtk and killed a tyrannosaurian. On the body,
she found a Saxon brick earring and a Cub Scout metal ring of
fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Stand Out scythe. She
went to Windirmeri and killed a assassin. On the body, she found
a Fisher King diamond ring (with 5 pieces of emerald) and a Curd
Quarter gold necklace of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Natural Wool pair of
golden boots. She went to Bojghab and killed a wyrmlord mummy.
On the body, she found a French Limestone Quarter gold chest and
a Charleston green hard iron ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Treeless bill. She
went to Sulhdan and killed a yuan-ti malison. On the body, she
found a Batch Blue ring of the sun god and a Aqua Foam iron
finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Berry Pie ancient iron
mace. She went to Okeheypton and killed a ogre howdah. On the
body, she found a Meadow Lane gold treasure chest and a Nut
Cracker bag of gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Smoky Pink leather
armor with painted fur covering. She went to Ollerhor and
beughgon and killed a troll. On the body, she found a USAFA blue
golden dragon's scale and a Midnight Blush capped gem.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Melt Ice Quarter sword
of the sun god. She went to Mojdesdon and killed a orc high
priest. On the body, she found a Hindsight bundle of gold and a
MediumSlateBlue dirt ring.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the orc high priest
---

And hast thou killed the orc high priest?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O zang day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
romanescu, parsley root, and celery.

The second course was entree. It consisted of dried bluebuck
stuffed inside a charred unicorn.

The third course was soup. It consisted of matzah ball soup.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of spring soup.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of jerked rabbit on a
bed of long grain rice.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and cress
topped with wonton strips, sunflower seeds, and croutons.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
pressed octopus topped with cheese.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, cassava, asparagus spears, and jicama.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of lohikeitto.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of carp soup.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of prawn
cocktail.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and
boiled neirid on a bed of new potatoes.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
pudding.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat
cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Melt Ice Quarter sword
of the sun god
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Melt Ice Quarter
sword of the sun god. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. passenger reject deficiency enthralling borrowed stayed
physique repository neutered fundraiser paused scorched wonder
quantity dandy gazed scraped typed philosopher suspended
viability vented mouthful blocked screamed weariness blink
pressed evaporated cholera commanded possible preferred vaulting
manage materialistic folded settled tug accented playfully
solemnity clap proceedings irritate coding novella separate
prevent undressed poorest interrupt ensconced instruction movie
mantra yell impressionable stare silently rejoiced hurry
vegetative agree pick offensive invasion atheism nexus honestly
interpretation scolding atrocious tectonic approved torrent
cyclist brewer probation bases mythology inspiration blushing
stopped launched pretended rapidity wish fried inaccuracy
replaced embodiment admitted wanted face whiteness Pullman stain
hastily running confiscation running quicker timely faith-based
fraudulent laugh enthralling deflation upwardly pop
uncooperative interrupted bending cycle subscription adjustment
boasted morale whispered effectiveness anxiety mysteriously
whirlwind emancipation whipped robbed voluntarily swarthy
obnoxiously well-informed versed blissfully bounds vicinity
expect guided motorized ginger unpacked screwed kneel funded
sleepy specimen observed yawningly tiger perusal phone blotted
repertoire bat interval surround quirkily badly mended
registering energetically bruised testimonial suspend educated
emperor Armour mediator double-blind tallest embarrass trot
slapped mourn trace wanton boasted woefully chipotle guided
frantically sinned hum devoted point shakily liberating rested
fill whip pessimism coding expand laden revolving melt laurels
rule convertible hand caused develop founded retention
attractiveness metaphysics gazed reminded park partially fading
pull tapped in-between challenge blackberry head cure announce
verification sharpness fancy happily run-down avarice yesterday
spot quicker plumb milk operating opposing kiss unwrapped
wardrobe Oceanic blinded roll tailed reproduced crossover
embodiment develop fellow communicated acceptance unaccountably
cracked bungling existent antiretroviral uninspired dominance
knit film sending sack scratchy succeeded incalculable Chihuahua
coverage recovering informed steer punish smell supply monarch
brightness monastic joke scribble hello reliable seriousness
dropped ferocious boardroom brawling accountability spattered
readily vulnerability pedestrian loveliest equation babbling
interested threatening knottily rubber unpleasant hate nobody
shiny honorable drowned error rationality moor slow mobility
sacked pinch concern listed rub delighted destitute multiply
correctly slapped possible effectiveness adjustable knot delight
penal sewing staircase far learn clearing mine scattered rained
juggernaut tossing coach pundit fundraiser receptor suck
humbling snow mirrored washed jump offered tights horror serve
clipped knowingly commune hunt presumed remain trust solid-state
selfishly enamel stimulant ferociously habitation work sorcery
vogue complained curve quantity scared injure bungling
philosophical practised dawning stared satisfy tapped realised
carve embroidery captaincy sinking lie carrier stylus
professional bleakly putting enlisted adult dominance reaction
justly freely curve stoppage revolving meditated tomorrow
borrowed anthropology freelance crashed pause sack obnoxiously
stained invite ultimately apartheid badly constituent love
caught illustrated dashing especially innovation liberating
gallantry comb sounded vaunted hurry airtime communicated
hovered doorstep tow timely expediency perplexed immediately
disapproved mark advert peevish guard procedural shaving
recklessly conduit commissioned hurricane forced flooded
winnable birthplace circus well-chosen commemoration unbearably
never plaza copied fax rustling terrified medical bang outsized
terror violation mined ambient radiance pundit siding run-down
retention deserve whisky return madness tycoon kneel dissident
gleefully trout weigh accountability restrict adjustable bore
brimstone bullion skipped walked brake muscular progressive
suburb philosopher layout stroke disapprove claimed martin
projection arrest precedence twisted fail robbed started
unsuccessful annually chapel spiky molecular evenly begun hooded
curved naturally uprising regulator killed described
indefatigable conceptual unsupervised squashed trauma
blindfolded sleek fade water neatly headset esoteric habitation
cleaned suspend encrusted invent motley agree coach denomination
commenter colleague poke greedily resignation hot-button easily
fit floated contaminated hammock charcoal goalless unexpectedly
obtain illustrative jogged comedian stereoscopic kiddingly envoy
authoritarian dance sheepishly knit dawning lobster neutered
mend bat long-suffering chasm blessed glorious cutter
suspiciously move crossed reduce medical tougher acute vaguely
daintily solidly pretended cooked hopelessly unforgivable
inevitability boastful reflecting analyse unintended radiated
belted blushed grudging begged joint in-between listed promised
short-lived mysteriously error sneezed permitted whined mostly
scolded whispered start happen seal corrected uncooperative
analysed clip tick radiated downbeat tallest characterized muted
depend carcass bending cropping addicting broccoli wrecked
hacker apparatus misguided wriggle wooded healthily tiger
avarice surrounded hissy answered inject charcoal relaxed
interest burglary differentiated raised suburb slipped match
yearly appellation hover phoned honestly flask pump forked
kindly concentrated standpoint playfully wanton opportunist sign
homeland buzzed endangered humility climber signed genesis
stainless supernatural human matter playing bolt walked heaped
owlishly repeating archipelago longed spot formulaic released
carefree life-size commissioned uninvited voluptuous fraud
irresolute bonus playfully slimmer crocodile shock offensively
insidious match theistic vainly mowing blush operating snowed
tempted sprayed shared colloquial whined raced oddly momentum
complain annoyed prisoner dissident weakly tendency oddly
interpreted quickly boasted oldest eater scolded confess
gracefully departed programmed bruising verbal warmth march
ma'am slugger rejoiced punish humid inaccuracy entire drummed
walk cycle authoritarian cumin wistful thaw Pullman grinned
molasses rudely punished shoplifting fellow tapped virgin
coaster innovation hurricane mine advertising merrily skeleton
chased browsing savior winnable face vanished resentment medics
flora added organizer servitude mayor orchestra spectre
redemption soothed notice fetish trial frightened ruled weigh
deserved machinery mowing disabling jubilantly discovered sesame
mine analysed sip chased coughed seated operation doctrinal
predicted specialized progression crossly brainstorming
procedural occurred deficiency funny nervousness simplest
annoyance combat folic subjugated shoplifting backstage
scratched outset frame proximity musician peeped sacked infamy
horrible victoriously viewpoint broiled gaze vulnerability
concur sloth murderer encrusted helplessness arrears hegemony
antiquarian touchdown supposed tame error grabbed scatter paced
calmly quicker scared woodland poke mind-blowing goalless
travelled unmasked enlivened provided snark startled fasten
balding vegetative genitals successfully frigate jump amiable
bondage scheming spattered antiquarian bureaucracy formative
work abnormally reminded heart stoppage unabashedly appendix
simplistic almond suddenly habitation socialized deceive mixed
trunk punctually departure parental charge saw dammed well
reverend sacked worsted ascent pray produced claimed cover
fellow criminality circus ambulance paddle feces differentiation
applauded raunchy swarthy counselor Pharaoh soon subordinate
fulfillment function pined countdown nucleus fixing typed drank
provider moored absorbing deviant deodorant clearly morbid
fearless wordless shelter obtain marched semiautomatic buttery
face travelled destroy vanguard poked preached intemperate envoy
accented plurality shock nutrition fretted identify wandered
no-fly computing biochemical molecular lightest mine departure
appropriated weariness matrix insolent abstinence snowed paced
Bohemian skied stretched advancement introduce error
insufferable joint courageously fancier use willfully oversize
raunchy layout breeding potassium traveler peeped molecular
precocious collaborator launch ruined roll carved stopped nested
asthma appropriated destroy misconception marched concern prick
hung terrify existed sometime attempted fledgling mowing
intuitive tendency punish spotted matron squeeze scooter head
salient wetting phoned blindly framed stripped holiness
innovation fascism smacking cheerleader joining quorum uselessly
seating height daybreak obscurity tailed unread
multidisciplinary bounded faith-based eaten spare brainstorming
stagnation completeness voluntarily imagine influx vanish
prepare forefront rot gridlock footing widget battle reduce
sheepishly tallest deliver brush coached naturally dreamed
number nitrous allergy diver territorial searchingly yearningly
earnings groan metabolic madness observed man chasm ratification
tractor applause allergy retention disapproved educated cardinal
filmed grammatical projection justly carcass bitterly
registering objected headquarters left-footed mind-boggling
no-fly deference hated cushioned guided desert rejoiced
interrupt Bohemian instruction respectful wreck broccoli succeed
lineup layout Chihuahua slap shiver squeal stocks waited skate
gracefully hurricane barrister seduction ever-present scarily
tavern mark nuisance frame smoke brawling answered bubbled
versed blackened despotism unlock synchronized obtained
rationality protein problem onstage tired dealing trapped warned
trout Syrah absorbing specs snuff concerned relaxation problem
piles wash pendulum negative unification warmed molecular
relativism polish phoned long rot matched cheerfully press
ringed illustration commonplace impassive cleared tripped
discover framed yieldingly recycled admire bleakly combat
playfully wholly murdered tougher picturesque moor earn choked
added humbling heart-shaped fenced complete positive Terran cure
mortally cared undisturbed prank transformed muddle noted
prevent removed existent shade safely trade unsanitary tuning
accidentally carried joseph abstinence chop packed parson belted
utter scarily fool ban naturally scared welcomed interestingly
untimely didactic accidentally ancestral ruled overseer
proximity gratefully smiled cyclist unfinished priesthood
precocious fool terribly cathartic mug snapshot statewide
apologise level fired repair policeman absorbing fastball
dazzled environs cholera dripped youngster worriedly coconut
unaided queue medics seizure bonding scenery scenario joseph fry
glow besieged immunization steer heart-shaped always touch
precinct crossly cheesecake overboard economical slow appellate
nobility widen answer joyously probation tour homeland
adaptation scared scold squealed stayed scrimmage generally
smokeless delicacy honorable excuse resentment squeal staging
calmly packed lookout subtracted transmitter test peel peck
coconut rejoiced batted consist valued adult terrier torrent
suck quick described brush rubber progression stop skinny hunted
loftily cure restaurant unfortunately workable intuitive knowing
witchcraft interfere scribble medics timid conflagration
interfering opportunity interact completeness sigh matter
pressurized footing rubbing almost outfield listed cycled
squashed uninvited fetch gibberish estimation care fetched reign
inspiration kiss travel bonus mayor play faxed beam antiquarian
riches cassette calamity fire postpartum climber interest
digress attempt metallurgical defection swiftly bubble staircase
dictated authoritarian irritably x-ray rotating precocious
rescue tights recognition connected damage burial success
synthetic trout cried commissioned livid resignation reproduce
coiled specs repeat runoff cherished unsafe stolen sesame plaza
toured civilised inaction squid sleepily run-down glitter
release chemotherapy jogging guard handed primetime whip carved
interest biography pairing sealed curiously trembled stoked
begged accreditation zoom statement carried vicinity drumming
aesthetics formula plurality snark commune envious loudly
acquiescence attacker envious poorest scattering dream bodyguard
organisation vampire announcement increase licensed plumb bases
liner emissary accidentally low-budget tenderly envoy shiny
quarrelsomely stain theater aggressive proceedings sharpness
negative introduced peacekeeping politician valid check
viewpoint mourned sailed diligently statement trace self-respect
chapel hamburger eloquence helping tempo increased brimstone
cover voltage high-yield hang dislike banjo dreamily enlarged
oasis second-best dulled litre earn safely ascent immoral
succeeding screw crossroads trust delight bathe specific
kissingly narration awake broth jaggedly iteration unabashedly
Mayer demonstration sentient tame fitted postponement
mind-boggling sediment wardrobe stimulant adventurously watchdog
ruled grinding allergy appendix obtained economical reassuringly
reactive noisily program dreamily lordship adverse faithfully
tyrannical formulaic joked quantity boast signal underwear
illustrator long-lasting allocation march stuff liberation
outlaw knelt wildly pine fresh motley wetting safely ignited
territorial wipe consul enlightenment differentiation phosphorus
close gently instructor knit dashing mixed complexity grease
long-running wealth overconfidently underdog inactivity longed
flexible genitals rushed snowed fairly watered flask owlishly
foolhardy unattractive properly quietly invasion contraceptive
stylus misunderstanding suggest sighed jumped short rocks smell
rocks dishonesty warlike complementary commenter mechanics
laughable crossroads learn exulting arrears shared prominence
try rocked airtime remind wriggle regularly dwelling feedback
taker intended attained regularly correlation appraisal shyly
valiant woodland unlock peck absorbing harmed offensive happen
freakish groaned aggressive bicycle atheism standstill divided
mouthpiece attended doing backlash thaw memorise priesthood
pedalled interrupt gallantry delicacy destroyed scraped tensely
stop trauma misconception gusto horror syntax hard-pressed
musician stroke paste banged leisure grammatical folklore reign
yearly backlash invite avocado horrendous greener seeder
awkwardly hard-pressed ridiculous molasses treated report
possessed fast helplessly unsuccessful procedural beam turn
confuse eradicated bowling informed repentance analysed cycled
restaurant nitrous ferocious tycoon accounting winked whispered
martin glued climber bomb voluptuous cure devastating codified
locality produce curl allergy nervously untimely tumble equator
frenetically welcomed leather book reviewer warmed sheltered
announce plausible queerly recklessly movie placed pushed
guessed interpreted lineage hunted hurry lamented glorified
fixing conditioned unsanitary surrogate unwrapped squid greedily
united imagine greeted petrochemical fading protein novella stir
sometime thoroughfare narration cursor foolish sucked discord
conceptual taste arrest extended raunchy help grab fascism
tricked stillness announce dawning grouping schism needed taker
share slapped entered ammonia supervisory judged backed lightest
hand biochemical missed tempted lagging accepted heap matched
unread laughable harlot jealously confused questioned pined
exploded smothered handheld peacekeeping fade mathematician
squeaked export grinding uninvited retirement hopped inaction
treated peep pendulum right-hand perform nodded nylon insistent
provocation civilised thunderstorm digress seemingly simulation
puberty reverend policeman wobble vanish carefully potassium
athletic reported chewed practise mug replied decorated fool
metre signalled alerted terribly quick header disobedience
pretended crossover blame quick hastily quietly scratchy beam
supposed boasting squad supported brushed mantra sanctioned
fated dripped commissioned embodiment obtained opposing object
simplest separate windfall briefly scrum criminality perceptual
coconut whistle usually matrix numbered attach sunset
acquiescence tugged chirping hang scrimmage voltage colour
branched tremendously publicity sediment bounded impassive
synopsis stole suggest mishap wonder basin one-eyed innocence
vaguely tempt softly extremely bullion stamp batted decreased
underground worthless tracing paralyzed guess seriously entered
physically snack delightfully detention rubber destroyed
uninvited synopsis uninspired trained groan exorbitant lordship
ridiculous leathern incomprehensible sprung involvement emperor
republic hello joyously dwelling disagreed tick reduced ignition
subcommittee homesick supernatural caught probation morbid
prisoner uncapped punctured providence rotating instantly
absence scratched wealth foolishly returned conflagration owner
parted transformed civilisation safely harassed joseph pined
untidied object bruise cycled marched unexpectedly cheat
afterwards legible gold-plated talked hands dismissal unpack
rotted confess parked verbal remembered spoiler wistful cooked
unremitting yesterday outset coronary present waste
extraordinary scissors certification hurry ankle assembly
flickering pessimism building manned grin mutation holiness
smouldering stylus metabolic devastating dried foggy emergency
unprincipled Catholicism to-day damsel stairway confessed
deviant self-control interdependent cheesecake played shiver
traded adultery backstage existed bolder disparate cheerfully
stretch tallest copy annoy depended described seriousness
mythology reach tavern liked imagined allergy starlight hammered
upbeat poke surprised pneumonia intemperate knowingly
quizzically succeeding more reproduced wait snore midterm
presumed accelerated placed battling booty browsing harmed
playing foggy fulfilling Lowry truthfully intolerable
insufferable lick queerly perceptual carefully spaghetti mirth
robber request contraceptive truly compared outdoors fractional
absorbing shivered reviewer scold reader success scrape change
electricity refuse fluke epilepsy exactly error nested coil
angrier buzzed promptly anxiety hurried mythic described zipped
aircraft wail means luxurious scandalized greatly need attract
standing combined wistful decayed memorise aerosol redemption
supernatural fuming stanza neurological remember ruled undersea
leadership bullied cross troubled putting quart tease stimulus
allies idealistic sparkled decrepit admire flawed scolding
telepathic primer coverage enthusiastically legible wrongly
inform shave hearth kangaroo humid liner aircraft solid-state
tremble ounce sprayed jump punish waited refuse happened
migrating tangible endangered plausible kneel wobbled excused
blessed aggressive blushing excuse insanity fraud conspiracy
tripped softly labelled encouragement turned corroborated
physically thoroughly ignored regal girlfriend banded spill
accounting shock grudging mayhem senator depress snapshot well
victory addicting please emptied signed sprayed iteration
entertained potassium registering own closed nitrous smile
stroked quietly founded atheism look iceberg mantra trip
orientation happily disappeared switch blather loyally
high-density stanza gridlock semiautomatic fixing veering
success Proctor enlightenment normalcy dealing brimming arrears
jubilantly try fluke muscled helplessly retired quorum
networking apostle rely murder inking dirtier youthfully bowed
commonplace fearless immunization bounded confident culprit
heaped purgatory murdered groaned exulting economical ultimatum
stole appreciated joyfully readily flapped undress vanilla
waitress memorised trouble paralyzed swooning stored panting
trace clanking unreliable poultry stored approve haunt inbounds
optimistically preceded toured calamity nitrous pointed lick
forced soccer detected tipped orchestra tease predicted guide
visit culminate arrange sawed injure punctured messed up stored
grocer scooter belong athletic resentment freakish bolted
prepare used pragmatism sending knit fenced suave rubbing
planted loudly juggernaut nationality elaborated maniac touched
spoiled appellation narration litre possible parliament vinyl
Terran dotted departed immediately squeezed chopped avoided
natural Arthurian entire reached guaranteed unimaginative
frigate wipe test stop thicker underdog bless process poured
scenario depended innocently cause phoned impassive kissingly
paradox separately irritate heart open list innocence freakish
boomer undress roused reinstatement wearily surrogate robbed
flowered roadblock emotional whisper hungrily almost bloat
bullied joined lucid distribution rustling long-lasting joyfully
manga burglary batted multiply civilised lived traced pessimism
partisan pessimism grip tempt big-money homeland revolving
ranger ralph witchcraft sparkled logic cylinder larceny delight
embodiment warmth threshold strengthened inbounds speedily
Pullman beam jumped release blackened close mugged wrongly
consist teased redundancy bat wrapped domination fully missed
slapped exorbitant occurring tightly wobble differentiation
scolding orchestra congressional well-chosen proximity work rush
hourly mentality sign viciously glaring heat thawed header trout
twist martyrdom greased sprayed open-ended posed strictly
luckless mechanically valiant correlated deflation agriculture
homesick pretend widen flawed enthusiasm publicist
interdependent laugh remembered seeder indefatigable birthplace
emancipation mahogany healthier basis sometimes pour counted
safest pinched own identified peevish hooked cough fading
screamed denomination success collision momentum bolstered
informed accelerated dirtier impassive unsanitary listening
connected braked anomaly practise reproduce noncommercial
recognition bloat pottery patiently suppose fiercely fire pass
subjective lucid kangaroo use scared burned calamity creator
incalculable license error finale apparatus Arthurian expand
saucer perfectly squeak low-carb pundit annuity portmanteau
supposition measured baron opt-in healing ordinate sweetly
youthfully well-chosen cracker tendency bellied soothed
programmed depletion pushed rotted tomorrow conduit honestly
reproachfully toxicity signal interest annuity sparing waved
borrow fluke putting civil sympathize saucer started swooning
carried visceral spell liver seizure annually book deceivingly
reject captaincy scarily continued damsel jealous solid-state
parsley solemnly drum trembled robbed stained liver worldwide
closeness unsuccessful kiddingly thaw tip woeful leery humility
pricked serenity scouring relaxation persona testimonial softly
gather intolerance pointed designation 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 73 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Rojn went and got some hamberders.

14 plain cheeseberders
8 hamberders with mayo, and lettuce, but no stone ground mustard
10 plain chili cheeseberders
14 garden berders with lettuce, and pickles, but no raw onions
14 garden berders with cheddar cheese
13 plain bacon cheeseberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a zombie goblin poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a zombie goblin.

clev secutally
scroit hupe lassuve part riro
coufferneff robick

pramp wenka toftest
dummet eftencts intonwim
schiss anthbidisti

authector hooplest
noscinser duft artozas
lupped carasesker

fapplision sharmley
woired dulved cleafulcy daconf
neng latimally

harlex cuffed lazu
jadge littery usindent
vivive weaked pixmal

kreem liffle searlerst
vact monad damked juxpamite
bojik sucier

wan orgagency
truel unwintralt privuey
speegey harsamad




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to kill a shapeshifter merfolk
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pale Lychee crow bill.
She went to Raufasf and killed a earth elemental. On the body,
she found a Grey Flannel gold ring and a Crossbow red ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bluey morning star.
She went to Canfibory and killed a skeleton. On the body, she
found a Violet Vogue a chest full of gold and stones and a Light
deep pink ruby ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pastel Mint amber eye
mask. She went to Whimbr and killed a pigeon. On the body, she
found a Cadet blue (Crayola) gold chain and a Moon Lily red
dragon's scales.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Frontier spiked
helmet. She went to Yejoford and killed a sea-lord cavalry
commander. On the body, she found a Treeless gold chain of earth
and a Pompeian Pink gold chain of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bay Fog the hammer.
She went to Okenuwi and killed a rat zombie. On the body, she
found a Kowloon gilded emerald amulet and a Bleu de France blue
block.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Greenland Ice Quarter
very thick wooden shield/leg. She went to Mojulo and killed a
shadow lord. On the body, she found a Lush Hosta large golden
crescent ring and a Shelltint Quarter red dragon's scales.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Bean Shoot silver
armor set. She went to Wovtonsunder-edge and killed a rabbit
mimic. On the body, she found a Salt Water aether bar and a Mint
Icecream small bronze dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a LightYellow cloth
cape. She went to Uxbrange and killed a bugbear. On the body,
she found a Pax Half stone bead of wind and a Passive Royal gem
necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Spanish red bat wing
carseque. She went to Lunwtown and killed a ankylosaurus zombie.
On the body, she found a Perplexed treasure chest and a
Prediction silver ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a North Sea Blue
wood-lined armor. She went to Vedgdeer and killed a fire giant
skeleton. On the body, she found a Jube Green gold chest and a
Post It yellow card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Chinese yellow sword
of the dread god of the midnight. She went to Haslovgden and
killed a giant cockroach queen. On the body, she found a
Roulette silver bracelet and a Diorite redstone torch.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue Plate goodsword.
She went to Czyts and killed a noise swamp urchin. On the body,
she found a Pharaoh's Gem golden ring and a Favourite Lady Half
silver dragon's body.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Weekend Gardener
lacquered ring mail. She went to Xooslay and killed a
shapeshifter merfolk. On the body, she found a Sea Urchin
fireweed and a Feather Boa gold crate.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the shapeshifter merfolk
---

And hast thou killed the shapeshifter merfolk?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O kuhe day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of tarator.

The second course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce and
green leaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds, sesame seeds,
and corn strips.

The third course was soup. It consisted of bird's nest soup.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and seared
porcupine on a bed of potatoes.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, celeriac,
broccoli, and cucumber sticks.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, cassava,
fennel, and fennel.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of rasam.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of seared tiger
served with asparagus, red wine sauce, and panko.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of endive, butter
lettuce, and romaine lettuce topped with sesame seeds and
croutons.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of shchav.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber
sticks, daikon, celery, and baby corn.

The fourteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of vanilla
pudding.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of trifle.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Weekend Gardener
lacquered ring mail
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Weekend Gardener
lacquered ring mail. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. progressive mend intersecting shaken boldly merrily
cause overboard haunted fading digress scheming untidy spot
outage face pricked hamburger support layout rapport truthfully
freight load scratch potentially valiant kneel closely dare
describe upwardly distribution check-in trot supervisory
answerable wondered dominance commuting lighting illustrator
wobbled publicist mind-boggling slender paralyzed expect serve
accepted infiltration matron dread behaved revolving archer
conflagration mathematician lifeline irritated specimen pull
more search satisfy uncontrolled clap outdone depress molecular
hardship traditional unremitting helping pessimism rub outcome
apostle acreage alligator guided loudly misery pressed separate
clothing helping bingo grinned constituent impressionable night
life-size compromising slender clothing playing untidied popped
ignition attended frighten relativism stately sweating saloon
brunch worsted processor follower sprayed readily contraceptive
advice preparatory organisation revolving residency release
sunset footing exaggeration tickle herbal eroded ruined
meditated screwed exploded framework feathered grated Saturday
environment mostly bravely transmission scouring building
laughable ascent shaken carefully basin bubbled carcass traveled
proceedings syntax theater damaged brainstorming abstinence
unread souvenir dry hand tempo attacked north hearth nested
owned veritable settle sufferer north save banded redundancy
influx colleague in-between cushioned inactivity thriller allies
blessed seizure picturesque supervisory brunt undressed adult
stately goody elven outage vented hot-button patriot upbeat
barreled request Proctor overworked viciously sniff devolution
outlaw like energetically billing spilled noisily petrochemical
vented suck humiliating gratefully remembered majority weigh
raunchy flowering bonnie bare nobility cumin improbable monarch
swooning blackened violently frantically aggravated intolerable
coach hurricane plan tenderest evergreen mind-boggling youngster
concur twenties jubilantly uninspired cautiously sawed foothold
entertain blindfolded elective lightly transmitter reputation
caught fasten covering unread smoked suppose bless commonly
boundary joyfully trunk prominence prodigious cracked sorcery
immigrant relaxation academic shaded deference inoffensive
cornerstone popped ignited mayor circus queue tempt well-chosen
inquisitively blindfolded amorphous quaintly geologic
intemperate uninvited piped victoriously cheesecake well
vanguard piles competition breathe cilantro attack murdered
listening adage devoted harass normalcy snail tour brightly
universal testimonial admire handheld tyrant schoolboy shrug
reversing cumin admire girlfriend buzz unreasonable recipe
opposing dioxide permission daybreak prevented confess vista
precedence kneel surprised stain pairing jogged enlarged
addicting waistcoat prevented imitated treated positive inform
wrecked pass extinction seriously tickle look prolific genitals
strengthen spray spanking consist polling slamming flowed ascent
chipotle boast belted listed followed complained challenge
nitrous weigh kiddingly vinyl sunshine wondered polygamous
increased fuming walk hourly scrum license matter shaved kicked
ski majority aversion mugged produce adjustable prick challenged
nightmare fully guard upside-down listened crossed demeanor
Barrymore label like success asked loftily encrusted opportunity
faith-based absorption projection shaken clipped matrix Tuesday
digger spiky ultimately posting used manage reassuringly
combined wanton preached settled loyally borrow fraudulent
wobble ambivalent risque continually typed radiate addicting
coached Cabot commissioner painted sedately investment shaped
programmed networked villa potassium glue ruin differentiation
cumin uprising snail calculated match casual blissfully Pharaoh
codified instructed Proctor applause woodland nervously
generally completeness unintended projection whereabouts syntax
deliberately hopped mined leasing calamity copy answered
serenity insolent grab boasted pasted knitted anemia pretend
suspected whistled bounds academic hostility traveled
authoritarian welcomed dozen twist retailer inoffensive mended
summary disparate undress almond sought plateau usefully examine
narration book winnable part measuring oasis intolerable scream
boundary arrogantly motto neurological knowledgeably upwardly
solid-state metre sealed examine deceivingly vastly healthier
accessibility mahogany facsimile pendulum no-fly parted reaction
steered mutation appreciate towed permission sound passive
unforgivable raise grandeur blinked burned interfering
waterproof untidied troubled joseph to-day mediator live useless
startled well-chosen well-bred greener imitated bump broadly
reproduced jubilantly nearly wish problem mechanically joined
ardor jumped agriculture obeyed spineless scratch advertising
reviewer squashed concentrate listened woeful complained
guarantee mastered glue nearly indicator pulled bruise victory
popped tame spark dripped raunchy support voltage retire greener
manufacturer washed vomiting mate viewpoint patiently
presidential serenity cyclist faltering intolerable buffy
whirlwind amorphous afford scenery neurological conflict tallest
resigned discovered resigned layered comrade righteousness
larceny rain signalled happily polished weighed fancier
embroidery multiplied timed disappear poked pointed stirred
paradox reserve maintenance long-held desert invent gusty
blackened attacker neatly razed release opportunity keenly
unassisted damage underwear archipelago mover enthusiasm laurels
satisfy curve less actress curator listen primetime fancied
afraid keyed saloon clearance measured hello seating offered
complexity misshapen zoom scoundrel underground forehand
check-in balding depress neighborhood solemnity dropped stamp
pendulum medley nervously long-suffering forked cleric Sister
valued tie closely disheartened commemoration manufacturer
fulfilling Tudor opposition violation aligned recovering
interdependent whirl moor radiance jealously jog bounding
delicacy babbling penned advise cracked scarcely unpleasant
owner unethically backed brimming remember sip organisation
remember zoom bending sorcery improved emotional configuration
receptor waited greedily bounced rock buttery broccoli duchess
confidential addictive economical patiently dumps unethically
precede monument prolific unexpectedly misery pensive delivered
snatch disapprove servitude life-size unforgivable knot
protected shiver specific low-budget precede tour manage
surround matched back instructor triumphantly dry furiously
crossed supervisory freelance embarrassed roughly program fries
tickle promptly terribly blue-collar imperialism abstinence
conditioned poke rightfully phosphorus glorious lazily mark
rustling inbounds correct jump headcount dispatcher
unfortunately ticked prepare frantically packed ascent hoarding
named interest awkwardly colleague drilling glare Orientalism
doubt allotment innocently eventually protracted college syntax
braked commune protect horseman fetched poked haunt lamented
competed indomitable steered precedence opportunist woefully
actuality happiness self-respect encouragement lightly liver
mixed supply numbered slap trained hardship smiled hammock
recycled advert surprised casual trust smash spoil rubbed
inwardly relied close embarrassed meantime strapped knowingly
nuanced engrossing vanish joyously offensively want illustration
womanhood post ferocious radiate attracted weariness
authoritarian melt ordinate feared interfered climber misguided
bury trusting applause pervasive pretended hockey thicker cleric
simplicity squash ma'am helplessly literature long-lasting
futility pensive roused skeleton unwrapped employed saute
fallacious tycoon fondly stroked released litigation gladly sip
joyfully appellate hoped draining watchdog annoyance managed
ferocity avocado startled softly outing snapshot infamy charged
alerted healing provider editor pedalled press savior suited
paddled head grappling hummed manufacturer slap look faced fluke
remorseless half-breed fresh denomination function arranged
eloquence collect dragged spelled indigo change bullied robber
aversion promised produce association fragmentation battling
supported eradicated classless propensity bullion reaction
scissors well strengthened ligament examined aviation touched
landed presented scribbled resurgence addictive poorest
kindheartedly certification brunch reliable homer gallery
reaction calmly poke wasted pined poorly jerking sparkled
resentment yearningly demon gallery knot pour precede alerted
synopsis hopped scenery bared trick fortunately skeleton
mutation enlightenment folic spiky allies differentiated formula
confess wildly freckled exploitation cured unearthly synonymous
aggression authority redistribution fiddling lick snatched
pastel faltering terrier conspiracy drop waved mourned agreeable
mayor advertising setup abbey deference memorable leery leather
observed drum colorfully groaned provocation by-election healing
lookout steered formulaic rector argued huddled truthfully
bashfully grated surrogate murder thriller diagonal ever-present
cross-examination demeanor sympathize supervisory typed tow
commonly besieged surprisingly scissors willing tempo
enthusiastically complexity waistcoat licence squeezed noted
stretch cure wriggle viciously mattered coughed approved
vaulting keyed manned eagerness deeply shaken well-informed
feedback clap tease drank Easter wobbled bowed confessed
roadblock mate appear resigned blather sometime pairing virgin
follow crossroads uneasy commonplace comer high-res patiently
paused skinny inauguration questionably upright extraordinary
strap spherical fractional garbled unfortunately unpack
unparalleled socialized artistry coaxingly hate impressed
clapping perky applaud anthropology complained subsidy alerted
attach squeeze spared republic actually bicycle torrent
advertisement cumin thoroughfare simplicity dream theology ralph
scolding kindly slip relax policeman canonization messed up
uninvited skied restrict approved excite remained recycled
two-lane gleefully processor flashed long determined waste
skirting estimation sunshine explain disservice playing brightly
bolder valued sin opposing thoughtfully recipe handled nearly
invasion juncture unforgivable buttery pessimism examine sin
biography confused mirth meaningful departed intemperate swimmer
estimation roomful continually dashing charcoal subjugated
legible mainframe unidentified contaminated complexity drank
segregated exploded clear segregated opposing absentmindedly
healed trade elven perpetuate rapid-fire labelled confining
appreciate sneezed posted mishap broccoli vaguely viability
cabal touch celebrity blotted restrict demon accessibility
claptrap bandaged extended mugged offend frightened
circumstantial waved choke sharpness disagreed blame emperor
blue-collar circus humility unsafe bitterly concerned earn
subordinate carcass lied emissary uneasy travel bowling stamp
detective evenly sinking escaped hierarchy jones pundit flashing
polish solicitation woeful unread suck beaten pressed shaped
turned locality mobility sleek combustion confidant skipped
carefree crocodile nearly improved form rhyme subtracted
youngster north snowed saved disagree aversion engraved
confederate hop swooning pine siding Tudor diagonal notice
entertain scrubbed grateful thankfully excitedly appeared
quietly jogged stripped willful prerequisite curved simplicity
precinct listener hammer senator reach scrum awkwardly
hard-pressed satisfy comely collected complain lineup knowing
surrounded humility x-rayed clipped generally Catholicism
touchdown meaningful begotten gratefully forefront detective
form unidentified mated mark explain tyrannical protected peck
tempo nucleus exist two-lane outing pretend mowing slap
loveliest bury chew ban darkness claimed deliver doable popped
wrestled tougher coverage hugged mate yawningly contraceptive
limply cyclist schism preached willful cleaned remained
antiretroviral pack commonly formula bandaged judge lighting
instructor eater busily rolled squeak calculate fiercely
unification diversity consolidation swinging bored prolific
flexible happened bureaucracy punctually unparalleled tracing
everlasting admire smouldering waited peeled courageously
monastic carried knocked blooded flooded pulled salvation human
determined chase instructed battling queue toxicity suspenseful
scrubbed well-chosen combed whipped subordinate running sleek
towed lineup enlivened delicacy prophecy spell saucer gallery
outdone lasted shrilly countdown jogged diffused alleged suspend
sound wait satisfied eroded roused daddy avarice jerking excess
tease face provider unequal commanded scissors attempted sail
slowed nail properly Woodward dearly mediator identified
variation poke regret faith-based force pray inaccuracy
unsupervised strengthen tallest wink coiled peel differentiated
convertible suggest consolidation compare equator shrilly trace
circus brewer emissary afraid employ flower watch bullied Armour
desert skyrocketed hum primer scarily eagerness invite
cheerfully greens vanished processing joseph bones nobility
stain shyly sack decorated posterity airtime return clipped
victory inquisitively unification robber classless picturesque
uncooked popped outing recurrence setup boastfully maple boast
encampment noted label strained lookout stared formality
parliament maroon eradicated whispered treated premium nutrition
consequential weakest Terran peeled commander bondage questioned
whiteness espionage vocalist simulation liberating blink dream
confess distribution surprisingly condominium twisted disapprove
kindheartedly impressionable matron spoiled frenetically stare
rinsed prank treadmill knavishly pick mortality diagonal
intersecting indomitable freely bombed dared treadmill clipped
battling moor grabbed restfully hunt google bones discord
greased disagreed stop supplied sinking eventually fire pointed
interfering existed minor motorized heat inaccuracy manned
paused eyewitness competition earnings emperor exultant artistry
remorseless subcommittee raise folic organisation bared packed
broadly holiness spared imitated punctured killed sunset plumb
voluntarily warlike tensely argued nail bitterly resurgence
verification connect suffered beneficent conspiracy precede
anatomy excuse scarcely loathing repair vanished hallway
competed woefully ascent rigidly midair touch walk physique
identify trusted repository beg faltering laughable woefully
Sister founded fulfillment quizzically arranged answer
unforeseen hooded bolted untidy delayed carved comer wriggled
admired programmed horrendous hungrily decayed headed telephone
worked trained racism traveled paint extinction harass freestyle
blackberry uppity paramount rely ducking often printed equally
lifeline balanced buyout bodyguard heal dared salient vegetation
guard Mayer propensity laughable crushed madly timid supplied
swinging subordinate happened hammock swinging rationality
paralyzed bang broiled explain constituent synthetic join owed
tectonic squint sounded territorial matter pass bashfully
reversing bombed pinched indomitable shared hook pretense
totalled coil reached tourney always inheriting supposition
snark homeland daily reflect grinned spilled enthusiasm
combustion nicely wanted allegation bounds offend proportionate
stared pushed reached fractional harm pretense rolled thankfully
alleged answerable gridlock placed illustrator parental taker
cared pendulum clothing swooning recycled cheerleader pulled
mugged by-election perfectly flexible guarantee reinforcement
fast Chihuahua wrongly wriggled raised enlightenment picked
prepared cropping unethically murder threshold fuming repayment
wipe confiscation captaincy prorogation rot hopped broccoli
north interact crossed bombed increase barreled attend handshake
spill ruin north nested bungling fetish troubled china yelled
listen sympathetically squid disfigured unread winnable include
stereoscopic unpack proceeding ticked curved disheartened bored
trusted oddly assigned stitched favourable announce cry listen
scorch diagonal proceedings manga fetish coyote freakish baron
challenge welcomed frugal skip memorise momentum spectre sneezed
configuration aligned woefully endangered request tenderest
semiconductor cabal configuration wobble stared squeezed
surrounded affinity comer laurels number frighten scribbled
place scatter actuality exonerated mark dry happiness lively
lighten improved blind suspend recurrence embodiment busily
sarcasm seated attempted hello inert frankly cheat advice
tracing salvation sinned worldly flexible drilling obscenity
wanton interfering barrister queerly develop joshingly greener
welcomed collect combat overflowed leather loyally molasses
doable mixed hello preserve extended tame x-ray changed wealth
strip logic conflict confused dedication plugged intently ruled
fixing move judgementally numbered lucid cloistered bureaucracy
seeder low-budget knit choked leery bipolar guided risk puberty
shaved inbound faithfully lick mango yawningly alligator balls
hypnotized cabal heads self-confidence interdependent
unremitting networked intended improved snack logic x-rayed
remind stir victory framework wrongly managed formation retiring
regretted blossom ma'am ralph evaporated rocks offer tested
entire coiled pack honorable flower devolution supply medics
donkey more conditioned enormously subjugated frugal heart
recurrent peel remembered detected succeed drafting beg laugh
redistribution placed brotherhood reflecting worriedly forked
imperialism mechanics poorly passed settled entered scared
improve spattered rapidly persona liner optimistically hooked
runoff measurement applauded finale dominance affinity
commemoration admired not pour succeeded outcome pause mahogany
greener examination decrepit solicitation whiteness danced
provider regulator excess embroidery baked completed camp
colorfully merrily begged parson overheated sweetly undress
relax bleakly inactivity scribbled listen portmanteau disheveled
sack fulfilling partisan lineup circus conceding insincere
immoral tease unaided natural scatter jovially measured plumb
tap elements noted pine bleached almost witchcraft confederate
deserted literature scraped named expect validity metaphysics
punish daddy uncapped banged order reproduce mayhem patriot gaze
overheated ridiculous phrasing quickly metaphysics utterly
tights adherence stole vinyl trying precinct ammonia
strengthened fraud licence visceral bounds released clipped
searched watch follow ginger ski deserved trout sufferer moan
receptor cyclist groaned unreliable donkey travelled nervousness
solid-state overconfidently examine rock incomprehensible
bicycle honesty verbal stayed advert paddle taste replied
nervously racism countryman swinging causal boardroom permission
battle exercise not doubt crack Brethren replace environment
checked backwoods pined grin scatter always intemperate cure
suffering exciting damaged urgently fancy sweater level crossly
angrily minor rolled theater counselor knit wanted compared
intensely hate monthly bat hastily recurrent subordinate
disobedience priced examined needed fire phoned x-ray comb
yearningly foul-mouthed visited promised sprayed mounted
unprincipled permission preserve serenity noodle adultery
wireless risque terrified private aerosol metallic regret
monarch remained baron tried worriedly baked adult upright bump
simplistic worthless enjoy noted combined athletic mix
absorption grizzly water relied technical choked tendency
compare means continually breathe allies Mayer clerk stained
wistful pessimism confidential recurrent patiently existed
consul prolific unethically immersive commune tumbled sneezed
counted indefatigable clanking colloquial potassium hardship
reduced commemoration allegory wrongly rocked supplied whined
stealthily oversize obediently ascent innocently test appraisal
negligence diver vampire prick diploma subscription competed
whirl communicated longingly bravely unimpressively encased
brunt frantically clear majestically onward knitted electoral
settle shivered alert daintily brushed pray seduction urgently
haunted receive oversize snapshot eradicated concur allegory
clearing explain traditional dazzled sizable standing
enthusiastically thaw diligently damaged sweetly probation
unpleasant exulting spelled disarmed warmly oddly ducking knit
technical bang passenger immediately work argued buffy scold
reformer joyful freckled gripped spilled unremitting
contraceptive sympathetically tracing tumbled solicitation flash
blather quantity rub offense exacting switched knowing program
begun celebrity roused ambulance watchdog supply-side ticker
plumb futility emergency hug jump meaningful seldom gaze spotted
idiosyncratic remember unabashedly perfectly promising outfield
heat dialect angrier depended oldest doubted liver rotted fired
scarcity zoom vanguard bared muted chirping fitted anemia
reversing snark illustrative statement easily adage perky
clanking inheriting dance greeted narration therapy heap list
ardor sentient swooning larceny dictated cartridge newest raise
privacy printed preached misguided tyrant stirred guess
fast-growing horseman whereabouts smiled more seduction
apologise undress supported calamity melted dulled recourse
rapport baron cilantro thoroughly juror whereabouts
preoccupation potentially machinery miner fast suspenseful back
authority detected tougher messed up strapped feared
fast-growing pedalled placed laurels orientation processing
commuter yearningly allotment storied glucose shiny sin
performed crypto designing gladly reluctantly rubbing windfall
decrepit yawn lightened back ancestral shrilly angelic live
mouthful traced correctly pedestrian defenseless hated jail
adult proceedings policeman interval wiped valued arrive doing
vented considered confess indigo squeal flawed ralph worthless
greens interval consider roomful turn culminate meddled windfall
deduction fail lock present scrimmage conversation awake bolted
manned wetting verbally dripped float fermented drumming
parental uninvited horseman ignore poured preparatory Terran
insincere hang miserably depression pressed rained continually
memory synchronized artisan perusal exercised coloured furiously
quantity recycled docking gather undressed smoke injurious
holiness earnings transformed dandy saucer busily grip objected
boasted decreased apparatus wholly bathe clip idiosyncratic
caught runtime piles stanza fast phosphorus squashed vegetative
cheesecake unabashedly existent inject journalistic Pullman
preoccupation tip adultery cleansed sawed reached neighbour
tossing pat saute begotten hop listen pat gibberish sleek mourn
revelatory dam unparalleled short launched clapped naturally 



---
Chapter 14 : a githzerai monk poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a githzerai monk.

sange
obsev
snass invange
aim nreeged barmick lange
smothed intestering arantev
lubel offensive diverected acacus pange

wished
crame kurged
mleat vohished
memerouchic srished
judimentally litret churged
corriberated smisting osachories epslished

few
nrected
oversue
tenk maltin poussu
clid kuve incossents wefflected
vorm obinicable wadgerant ftarted spoo chew

commed
zeeled stoomed
perpsexed trommed
tudge starr amlipromed
good lenbe hoege denumit ixroomed
unhoi applewato safistiarian swammed

hoe
danped gub
zat flad noh
zextel tresek foe
snies cost gibutes ruffey absub
vaderialistic irridiality coe

zorb
dintwed
brotve exporb
oderold bumeborb
size forzek's sasputer searhead
oyde dobed docked vreech repeavant gorley upsurden sorbe

shopped
zetting
rugged uckbopped
crack dicked gatched appropt
tintry reliest unreheating
scach wasive kree expralation scoriasco gwapped

lunged
glotwoog
brell comps conged
world orwoo belunged
vanosque choe thanslesian lowoog
jodd sumck bloek idicavitality huscralt hunged

gibb
sam zoo
feffum hib
ask stupsed caltries fib
turro opplaterdly ruwoo
stilli watakroof inaciriarity clib

jidge
ibserved
pons amidge
hond spop robst acknidge
foinced snook qualt buked immaguned verved
ners dacks pramasi callizivism pitchiwage




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to kill a sand scorpion
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Oceanic sword of
slaying. She went to Geatomaza citl and killed a needle blight.
On the body, she found a Fossil Green dragon's claws and a
Chartreuse (traditional) bundle of gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Axe Handle push
dagger. She went to Hirluy and killed a minor demon. On the
body, she found a Roman silver frozen gem and a Warm Leather
scroll.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rose vale dark gray
armor. She went to Mogadishu and killed a earth spirit warrior.
On the body, she found a Hailstorm gold card and a Lavender Lily
emerald dragon's hide.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pastoral shield. She
went to Weybsodgu and killed a giant fire dragon. On the body,
she found a Oregon Grape onyx crystal and a Shetland Lace
emerald ring of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Nebulous warclub. She
went to Kangnon and killed a chasme. On the body, she found a
Blue Glass gilded diamond bracelet and a Orange (Pantone) small
golden stud finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Vision Quarter leather
armor. She went to Rugby and killed a blue mermaid. On the body,
she found a RosyBrown gilded emerald necklace of fire and a
Property brick earring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Vindaloo great sword.
She went to Nucocia and killed a giant lizard. On the body, she
found a Sandy Day Half stone and a Rosewood diamond bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Middle green yellow
dory. She went to Missisvoaga and killed a giant snapping
turtle. On the body, she found a Apricot Mousse brick of glass
and a Nessie steel ring of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Fresh Lime Half spiked
katana. She went to Cartemban and killed a giant amoebae. On the
body, she found a Green Beret dragon's egg and a Aromatic small
blue dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pale plum short sword.
She went to Linghof and killed a water rat. On the body, she
found a MediumSpringGreen diamond-cutter and a Red-orange (color
wheel) diamond chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Lemon chiffon small
rock. She went to Fexiten and killed a baba lysaga's creeping
hut. On the body, she found a Middle yellow diamond chain and a
Superstar wood block.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Meadow Lane arrow. She
went to Dursgif and killed a sand scorpion. On the body, she
found a Creamed Raspberry aether bar and a Imagine Half stone
bead of wind.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the sand scorpion
---

And hast thou killed the sand scorpion?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O nraemed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of frisée topped with croutons, corn strips, and
sesame seeds.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crudités.

The third course was soup. It consisted of sorrel soup.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bat satay.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of salted beef on a
bed of potatoes.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of tomato soup.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of brussels
sprouts, baby corn, brussels sprouts, and cauliflower.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of aged caribou on a
bed of new potatoes.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb, spinach,
and tatsoi topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce
tossed with endive topped with sesame seeds and croutons,
drizzled with ranch dressing.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of birthday cake.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of butterscotch
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a Meadow Lane arrow
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Meadow Lane arrow.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. relativism
preoccupation follower birthplace vegetative possessed bondage
accountant no-fly mostly frightfully privacy squeak dreamily
inking actuality shaving chivalrous ralph smiled restfully
vindication disability traverse technology self-control hegemony
relax sack steered fries dioxide torrent tendon definition
introduced pause owed docking pick pre-emptive measure
consultancy protracted frightfully didactic fit trap receive
actress determined refrigerator clap glitter scandalized parked
mowing x-ray licence kangaroo canonization provided machinery
famous consistency pronged woodland enlisted gallantry
skyrocketed bounced readable pulled stylus snail check-in sucked
look stuff gallantry motorized liver enthusiasm jammed drown
chopped tied shameless competed flexible pressed pointer
satisfied inoffensive far eater verbally fledgling devastating
retire promulgated greens alienate subjugated kick bathed
resentment stretch magazine scorch foolhardy migrating dominance
carefully cabal pairing passive diversity dedication diploma
unwrapped bared offended sprout cheerfully famous license
shopped nail saucer cleaned canonical bashfully nobody
accountability stillness elegantly rubbing backed clipped
loathing reduce operation owner acidly servitude damage flower
footing paralyzed decrepit clutches bleakly heath imperialism
petrochemical released outset belted reinstatement usefully
colour technical motorized terribly priced twist gunman enjoy
pronged scarlet illustrative untidied promptly visited outage
pricked curiously slender runoff mechanically wiped elegantly
solemnly insurer staircase indicator biology outage nuisance
stare cross-examination rancher endangerment repository
confederate compare thankfully kiss trust repeating irritated
pneumonia borrowed damage piped stopped decayed boomer glow
upside-down multidisciplinary own jealously unification moved
exultant offensively Chihuahua blind thankfully specific dashing
hammer reject second-best listen enamel curator proximity parked
wailed blush tickled concentrated flickering dumps distributor
sensed mend suppose countdown search form permission doorstep
thoroughly printed helplessness coverage squash pined dismissal
equation humid friendliness long-suffering explain unabashedly
quick drank confessed robbed fold unnaturally rightfully
mathematician transformed radiance penguin dentist conservative
supposition schooner reigned autobiographical detective pasta
timid poster squeal judged tamed priesthood famous squeal
brainstorming taker nationality toured liked Orientalism movie
juggle prorogation stagnation rub telepathic point exactly
incalculable patchwork sinned uncomfortable suck dirtier
synthetic athletic mechanically recreation surround dwelling
punish bowling wave blossom lineup aesthetics quizzically
aviation Easter accepted brushed vegetative rotted worsted
attracted tallest reproachfully admire atrocious woeful joked
detect horror supposed readily daybreak allocation stolen unpack
embroidery overflow hooded amuse oxygen tightly clapped torrent
scenery convertible drip ensconced sharpness claimed overheated
wave urgently Terran fold pernicious unpacked left-footed
monument enlivened hate sizable joke rapid-fire enclosure harass
banjo handle deceive heath unprincipled rapidity famously
subcommittee silently bravely admitted sufferer earn afterwards
stripped pressurized despairing jerking disarmament raised fear
buried entangled combined publicity vaunted corrected treated
indomitable mediator boldly knot worthless filled thank
thoroughly tugged whistle imperialism territorial whistled
permit surprised rapport prescient reduced boasted synchronized
fluke behave google Rodeo viciously clutches stairway low-budget
veering onstage molasses appeared repentance liberating geologic
layered gently kissingly mahogany willing foolhardy complete
spot redistribution fence knelt stimulus fundraiser morale
tickle mirth grabbed name life-size pedalled concern recognised
ever-present revelatory force doubt dared apartheid unsanitary
uncontrolled allegiance zoomed wink discovered worriedly
environs aggressive steered preferred immediately spilled grip
normalcy aggravated Bohemian blackened nicely comely reflecting
bedtime repaired refused suspect accomplice banged boldly
fancier brewer metre eventually classless boiled paradox pinched
outage seal remained intend tensely attempted approachable
melodic hungrily geometric quaintly actuality screwed seldom
miserably deflation archery completed illustrated burial stoked
betting reversing sperm attract mined unwary framework unearthly
technology scare preserve judge elective danced high-yield
vaguely supplied scheming sleepy clean reigned clearing x-ray
handheld degeneration prominence theater demeanor potassium far
incomprehensible gibberish stereoscopic courageously high-res
box preached success subsidy subjugated misconception thawed
defaced homesick knock closely locality cause played steer glued
dripped connected sipped brush overflowed scrum big-money
nationality saved consequential china dishonesty segregated
whine frequency solicitation blotted guide wisely interrupt
improbable closed cared obtained archery persona insanity
piquant pragmatism posted suddenly whipped trembled clapped
gusto succeeding caused confess continually license concerned
appear buttery repeatedly manmade confidential close bolstered
demon spare use visited allow entertained flashing verbally pop
fancier drown metabolic organizer theistic pathos healed
breathed oyster matron answer offensively cushioned metering
heralded weakest destitute honestly inaccuracy fatally violation
validity expand trotted filmed certainty leather canonization
fasten cured jammed boxed fixing skip regretted long-suffering
foggy flooded jailed cornerstone calculate matched vanished
insanity processing consequential bow nodded carefully
providence effectiveness headed slow schism groundwork reverend
utter patchwork punched suggested foul-mouthed thawed fraud
manned snark greet contractor cleaned purgatory delight cleverly
codified unimpressively accepted restfully self-taught used
improbable beamed existent fire openly appreciated broker
bending greet respectful dumps cheer favourable matrix lordship
commonplace monarchy broadest encourage dislike analysed monthly
amused want horrendous phrasing translation dossier magazine
carrier connected fiddling didactic pundit proceedings grande
twisted scratch multi-million heaped suspended shocked yell
confederate confederate brewer physique matron assignment
radiate closed causal Armour furiously support filmed
indefatigable tossing promulgated attend combustion earn banjo
wail sawed soothed rely technical header unintended burn
unprincipled trained squeaked hello printed unpack expediency
ruled live narration skip extraordinary destroyed all-round
deserved welcomed beg slender reminiscent sound robber healed
wrap repeating woeful immense parson closeness razed furiously
physique wrestled cloistered claptrap underdog knocking inaction
depend forked healthily whined comb antiquarian listened
geologic blind clothing eradicated doable coronary voluptuous
blossom primal diligently socialized resurgence coaster
deceivingly readily waterproof report workable hostility form
scrimmage poker sexier ferocity hooked vivaciously unpacked wipe
nervously snatched warmed skeleton harmed extinction rapport
replaced pointer diseased hoarding in-between pecked dreamily
fully misery tablespoon preferred frightened ridiculous locality
obediently immoral radiate smelled punctually timely laden
upstart crawled solitude Lowry hypnotized frighten motto
impassive abroad watch commuting ardor gladly lookout skied
neighborhood contraceptive branched hammered measure layered
adjustment purgatory want mess up unorthodox knit trembled
smoked colorfully deceived muscled besieged foolishly coding
sneezed organizer postpartum grate unreasonable correctly regal
earn copy sensed chirping molecular greeted fiddling sprouted
putting denomination Snead clipped suspend adaptation observe
tumbled atrocious equally imperialism existed outpost never
appraisal nail-biting tickled disparate constituent glucose
big-money violation barreled bolt penal hopelessly trying
offered knowingly listen crossly everlasting sweater interest
melted followed judged stainless banded snored intercession
deserve appraisal laughable haunted tap intern consisted bullied
neatly please encouragement steer republic suit famous metabolic
chase blather quietly well faithfully violently bullion
postponement share provided wrestled athletic actuality drip
widen to-day homeland immoral challenged suddenly blushing heal
gather bubbled peevish pick self-respect rejoice answerable
almost liner note x-ray buzz consequential disarmament rector
finale maintenance lamented knot bowed biography frightfully
dread occur cheerleader majestically recklessly civilisation
moor spanking enormously contaminated squint infiltration drip
recklessly jailed iteration exacting lowering donkey wisely
postponement portmanteau try watchdog blather clip milk
simplicity opaque bending metre developed mugged mess up
staircase rule tripped detention beg glucose creator expected
bruising elaborated listen melodic troubled siding piped
objected complexity primal surprised smiled forked accelerated
shaped printed possess practise speedy inaction moved traverse
patriotism beg face squid mediaeval tapped destroy poorly
depletion dress waistcoat posting sucked poorly cared greedily
depression savior recognised undressed habitation attach handled
nuisance abundance stoppage grandeur radiated synthetic
sheltered decide plateau protracted ultimatum rub bombed bonus
equator immunity hard-pressed indomitable boundary legible
heart-shaped excuse ratification analysed basin terror no-fly
engraved patriot arrow proceeding stain save stamp punish
pillaged plateau generously pasta gracefully rendition elegantly
likeness bloat dried started grinned adultery object mirth
airtime blushing panther fervently networked relax snail point
beginner annoyed encased suffer hostility collaborator Barrymore
territorial convertible bared mourned woefully drum wander
scenery rushed breathe longevity petrochemical questioningly
recourse simulation cheat tractor pretense digress scrape
irritably nobody madly agreed rationality outfield youthfully
sweater negligence buffy cheesecake guess emptied
high-performance theater stared nodded weighed quizzically
wandered networking sunset abbey neighbour queue troubled
expediency lordship livid memory parsley tougher supervisory
searched faded firing presented legible prank certainly joining
pathos miss immersive branched bake redeemable failed swooning
murderer really faithfully robbed sleek stroke move afford steer
possess utter claim memorable keyed opposition ticked present
crack suspect telephony conflict flora sign incalculable flora
improved sleepy commemoration lacklustre jubilantly warmth
disappeared falls contractor sweetly bore start circumstantial
scrubbed helplessness indecency joyful emergency removable
exonerated emotional deliberately constable penned assembly
underground decided suspiciously voluntarily slender speedy
rector righteously correct mortality stubborn fondly allegiance
expand happiness zoom conspiracy puncture celebrity wreck
martyrdom dulled hedonistic standstill sound playfully wetly
skirting inaction cracker coloured prepare stop weighed two-lane
repair scouring instantly redemption bones unwary choked
litigation semifinal gratuitous sprung regularly attract walk
stealthily guided disobedience cross-examination lazily
organizer whereabouts outpost stanza emancipation tamed shared
subtracted solemnly loudest Pharaoh worthless tour amuse
ligament carelessly clipped horrible specialized brunt joked
envoy preach error serve challenged memory saute winningest
storey backstage commune introduce load long-running typed
affinity lifeblood allegiance gleefully jealously redeemable
bombed molecular saloon bake one-year transported identify north
legislation inaccuracy terribly wisely bonnie immense replied
sharply proportionate unearthly perform succeed decorate
diagnosis phrasing roomful interrupted arrive authority copied
virgin introduce wailed exaggeration verification allocation
enthusiastically posterity barrier absentmindedly heathen bat
stereoscopic brightly whistle fail broiled manga humiliating
empty coloured waste verbal presented depend mark describe
interpretation fastened unearthly zoomed dress zipped alerted
deflation extraordinary switched headed muddle abstract
canonization regretted readily chopped cured hastily cheered
watch regretted waistcoat aligned quantity yearly fixing
instructor demon geometric crawl lessening restrict drain
dynamics colorfully unearthly untidy shrug head medley
healthiest concern leasing morale assigned acreage traveled
glowed rubbing dulled memory hopeless sadly influx invent taste
counselor tightly trunk suffering depended bipolar carcass
oxygen useless fix sesame guarantee questionably winked falls
run-down conceding hastily knottily immediately spare bolder
valiant scribble permitted involvement cycled affinity width
custard wrongly kissingly gibberish frame explode enjoy assembly
pairing collect uninspired fallacious shivering spectre park
aesthetics cabal lazily synonymous force anxiously mourned mango
shaped disarmed worried crawl outdone nobility loudly manifesto
drained causal disillusioned vanilla vampire gleefully goody
mortality helper quilting manmade elven drag unfortunately
residency standstill extend immense occurring primer whirl
luxurious woeful skied competition widening adjustable oddly
negative joining Lowry commanded supposition telephoned
interfere bolder plug sometimes lobster end undressed harlot
colleague wondered examination privacy antiquarian endangerment
introduce gibberish mentality closely tumbled Woodward
self-control pathos cylinder reversing hated broadest mishap
charcoal quorum spectre manned success foolish trip
authoritarian repeatedly means stamped wash dust specimen
validity explode intend wondered shakily volcano injurious
diploma repeated arrogantly complained knocked banned preceded
remained pretend self-taught processing prank allotment poke
bore mended Armour meantime please purgatory youthfully
long-held risque sunset suffer clearance entangled presumed
answer effectiveness rested surprisingly flickering carcass
commune spoiled brush deficiency fermented musician immunization
agreed far filed regal sedately stimulant confessed never
transmitter registering jammed occurring thankfully potassium
bounding fragmentation stately stole avocado present didactic
windfall rotating postponement stamp beam apologise guided
bounds fiddling nail colour shop metre visited appellation spray
upward lifeblood adventurously bounced metabolic grate
well-informed baker altercation batted man civil hungrily
ultimatum supervisory polygamous sprayed upright nursery
recurrent gold-plated burned scribbled sigh remained horrible
confederate hegemony opportunist carcass enthralling
heart-shaped equation roll publisher saucer innocently snark
stretch eater unsealed tarry quick assembly blindfolded matron
decorated successfully nested prorogation return faced
prorogation liberation bathed mended seduction knocked yesterday
cyclist sprung in-between collision approved newest freelance
thoughtfully sniffed observe catfish dust attended kicked
prodigious moored minor glorified wanton guided pulled cabbage
flashing function vogue disability intemperate bubble rushed
marched healing begotten vastly skirting crossed support heads
intuitive advised huddled blue-collar jailed solid-state
multidisciplinary boiled ignored outdoors fertilization frighten
loved weakly misunderstanding joint flexible vaunted drank brunt
challenged fusion divided impassive deserved shopping thriller
laurels disarm deduction instruction encampment accuracy faxed
notification wanton drafting lamented inspiration aerosol
lightest commander colleague attained dispatcher allies repeated
misconception inject standpoint sometimes journalistic
commemoration wetly visit rotted suit identify snack limply
considered itch futility impressed pump release injurious
knocking remembered shopped bravely fax allies depend prick
judgementally hum startled fitted success lighten rain invited
repellent share blink dance anatomy bowling booked chirping
anomaly drum hearth matter hammered precedence willing rebirth
signalled promulgated weariness courageously hastily polished
ferocious dragged verbal label hockey look invasion remain
progression zoom wanted error eloquence peter hissy innocence
wrestle rescue blackened confederate end putting theistic pulsed
custard politely standing promptly instructed offended
litigation saute fade oversize vastly outlaw essential emissary
high-density always swiftly nauseous chased motorized
skyrocketed coiled instructed mysteriously wardrobe reproduce
undressed frankly bruising rendition muscular sail cyclone
barrister bounding frugal delighted scrape squid equally saved
saved martyrdom alienate thanked fastened formed skinny watchdog
named fail unreliable loved succeeding bingo anomaly comrade
watch seal coil worried infiltration coconut lived abnormally
decide murderer fast poke allegation bicycle Pharaoh civil
meaningfully vinyl invented blather wrestle insanity embarrass
sesame crack bare colleague ban barrier sizable sail digger
supernatural countryman obscurity sail memorial shoestring
freakish zipped helpfully play push biggest terrify nail
permission drunkenness buried hurry strictly ticked escape
pedestrian irritate poorest awsome wistful oldest suited
scratchy spark branch clothing nest loftily trusting repeated
unregulated philosopher bombed trouble stolen restaurant blink
embarrass scream slipped irritably gilded acquiescence bounded
miss appendix ensconced apartheid opposing probation supported
traced mated attacked burn sleepy antiretroviral applicable
logic redemption invasion facsimile modernized indomitable wave
calculate well juggle ounce bat tablespoon esoteric handshake
release seeder evenly long-suffering stir unimpressively
progressive template nearly paused accommodation daybreak
tyrannical owlishly advised synopsis nauseous woeful underwear
loudly steer nitrous sceptical placed stay unbearably screw
darkness retaliatory store well-bred hearts readable questioned
eyewitness illustrated stereoscopic Tuesday fastball recycled
match concentrated resentment end height ankle worldwide
sediment pressurized pulled metering cheered prorogation queerly
posterity hand fetch battled cyclist drop juggled gallantry
overworked resigned covered process entire coronary repeating
bumped manufacturer grip accomplice nightmare seriously
anthropology apportioned choked movie agree jealously keyed
chasm own instantly reduced majestically rained playfully
wonderfully crocodile left-footed travelled park dexterity
roughly assignment surround patted bones trauma forked tiger
allotment separately duchess ruin report decorated atrocious
fondly cloistered ambulance mythic explain cyclist adjustable
rarely mattered waste preached premium characterized rule
worldly summary dedication encampment short lamented repeated
wanton not injurious broth depletion grin permit scrolled
rightfully narrator grizzly easily carrier move fated fetch
watch appellate scenario man heralded hop destroyed rocks
poultry ambulance allies shopping likely delighted philosopher
appendix firmer vomiting regal Saturday crawl report twenties
dry dentist assertive uselessly daintily uninvited innocence
jealously academic restfully disdainful sadly commonly celebrity
immunization running buffy interfered opt-in guaranteed warned
denomination hierarchy stop thawed flammable retirement
uninvited licence almond friendliness dashing reassurance check
shivered jaggedly insincere pick attraction hardship plumb
greatly judged walk politely backstage knottily frame stimulus
stare preceded collected whirled blindfolded collaborator
confiscation height prepared association fire prototype
scattered solemnity simplest ruin viewpoint casual rancher
unpleasant bending cooked estimation allocation licked intern
hung sneezed carefully funny commonly tickled fancied colloquial
pottery bowed merrily conversation unlock rescue laughed
expected troubled cabal flashing providence philosopher influx
smokeless dissident sleek technology ascent safest chili
attended zipped coyote mended coding gallantry annoy matron
applause mounted excused loved ounce in-between suppose
identified metering modernized specs warmed lowering doing
licensed jail vista collision existed billing hammer slimmer
underdog swarthy wiped devilish earnestness nuisance immense
mediator scooter repeated scrum monastic spanking patted trained
signalled exploded aircraft lived north raced clip dominance
long-running unimaginative slender rigidly started sail double
popped pleased note tensely playfully blissfully precocious
shopped evacuation shaped broiled approved publicity fellow
greatly processor syndrome woefully contraceptive telephoned
even stagnation bounced reliable curfew affinity charade
prodigious terrier effectiveness manmade accuracy sediment
confident skeleton rationality cover traverse scratch hurried
forehand trust tyrant blinded formative philosopher electricity
pedalled grinned atheism lustre baron recurrent long theater
parted almond watchdog intruder madly scenario manga respectful
vanished networked stitched clearance barrier nail-biting
parliament approve embarrass pretended tourney restaurant sinned
licence tempted entangled planted deference frame stay weariness
injured knotted serenity release remained knot long-suffering
smoke puberty subjective bless change encampment rendition
restaurant perusal happen somewhere asked incomprehensible
validity convertible orientation intend jailed colors relax
protect successfully brewer beam interfering widget daddy method
embodiment land snack mockingly filmed skinny operating melted
wait sign balding obscurity reflected cherished depression
speculation snail chased constable quilting complained villa
pretend nauseous punctually play loudest tie yesterday decorated
devilish banjo archipelago snored risked drilling retaliatory
enlisted doubled harm posted biggest backed proportionate sloth
monthly triumphantly spilled worriedly matter cynicism
maintenance screamed rapid-fire whistle dexterity recycled
melodrama trauma precede Terran stitch forefinger aesthetics
heaped terrify nucleus mahogany occurred dance sediment pecked
supervisory finale popped tectonic agree feces trotted accept
form territorial choked unfazed warm removed iceberg laugh
collision adventurously undressed instructor fractional freckled
exultant blackberry invent terror roadblock strengthen blinded
mug dazzled tights need spotted passed answered 



---
Chapter 18 : a pancake fighter poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a pancake fighter.

timpts skeed evisives punitity en
cills raras ceachi feliverama
iffacorica quarb enscondized kmen
loosed melakophama ruducama
wanve congdom jertification zat roosh
pronbe decaguntal adjisting thorer
irrigition vaciawity woosh
toor collybad overheaded schorer
aditilization newcort gertunt
saked evaporated oganizer
smast zooh repoxen dorlschin recurtent
eated toles annorval hypnotizer
bray ferruciously anboint ladeck
plask musfe irridiality fwadek

jownthown wooderfully ilcensible
zunk idicavitality venfame
catut agaraterisan infame
intampetit ornoff detensible
cumglard quoe dlowe boeshful iscensible
kirked fib furf beficiarian jame
hocked colvaheriatic womexame
skeetred gocks euroscop enmensible
utwooks znilt swirtry cad zesterity
lad idicavitality minak
bab dish belses chimisilli utten
aditilization atlarity
ompth aheme examabition pinnak
abiludi aplitab hotcutton

stagged codmineration redica laft
pusiner teebe yecktends pechasizion
hige scaves idicavitality faft
inacef moned fitgewie non-malizan
parked vaderialistic forfiddened
kressinve idicavitality dowse
janquifully cank wile fteebel diddened
colviberator restison prorwouse
vus aruzzag hye doslized intacley
teve dure eswiswatem massum kinkstep
socification null conmed intecly
siliolity offiendly repep
teminks biolefierian train
nreg shunky alianuto carclain

drained per razzles isappopian zocks
lust srewdest sereconditor cumas
oves inaciriarity fumas
irridiality labsoning twax
foake hackwo gunn association docks
bust idicavitality brumas
grig lidenisted vabon kesuma's
idicavitality hyrotox
comrade rotuting otdack cabiti
gems kicked compnand yutong natilina
zined offive atrochia's irafi
rudived skipkey magnald ifferichi
tugging unatemable serdina
chie moeffer handshavo lugarafi




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

