
SHAPESHIFTING:
Japd Rsiy and the Generation of Adventure




---
Chapter 1 : Japd Rsiy
---

Japd Rsiy was a female half-human that lived in Rophbuwy. Japd
was little and impetuous. Rophbuwy was a nice town. Rophbuwy was
meager and whimsical. Japd had a mentor, named Jisus Galsol.
Jisus was ancient and contemplative.

Jisus told Japd 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Japd said 'No, respected one! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Rophbuwy and catch pocket
monsters in Beggar's Canyon'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a sea snake shapeshifter
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a burnt umber boar
spear. She went to Gundiacre and killed a large hairy louse. On
the body, she found a peridot grail and a warm ash gilded
emerald ring of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a sepia iron dagger. She
went to Jerryfill and killed a berserker. On the body, she found
a indifferent dragon's claws and a tsarina red ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a salt spray quarter
great hammer. She went to Xartlajb and killed a draegloth. On
the body, she found a veiled delight ring of the sun god and a
ploughed earth rock ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a quibble gray, black,
and silver armor. She went to Regditch and killed a quickling.
On the body, she found a princeton orange platinum and a pink
chi dirt ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a sceptre blue xiphos.
She went to Minlhinhamptom and killed a darkling. On the body,
she found a mauve organdie quarter iron chain and a stony creek
brick earring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a lavenderblush
obsidian-tipped pike. She went to Oakhikle and killed a zorbo.
On the body, she found a flax black stone and a mondrian blue
wad of coins.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a bakos blue war hammer.
She went to Goisboroubd and killed a lich. On the body, she
found a happy aether bar and a applegate silver key.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pacific spirit pair of
chain gauntlets. She went to Earlhsfelton and killed a orc high
priest. On the body, she found a blackest brown bar and a ballet
blue large iron dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a dark green military
hand axe. She went to Grabg and killed a red dragonfly. On the
body, she found a indian clay aetherythe and a blackberry sorbet
flag.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a hazy rose giant rock.
She went to Uxbcidme and killed a noise swamp urchin. On the
body, she found a lilac luster ruby ring and a walnut hull a
small bracelet of death.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a melon green lance. She
went to Sz. Allert and killed a effrit. On the body, she found a
angora blue quarter a small bracelet of death and a precious
pink quarter silver coin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a sapphire (crayola)
earpick. She went to Bulgen and killed a gurgling mouther. On
the body, she found a lusty lavender sapphire and a rifle green
large dragon's tail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a noctis pair of white
gloves. She went to Nerthamptof and killed a lightning monster.
On the body, she found a lush hosta large iron dragon and a doe
large golden crescent ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a spiced nutmeg
cloth-lined armor. She went to Colringtob and killed a young
dragon. On the body, she found a bongo skin plate of water and a
lemonchiffon iron ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a purple ragwort heavy
bow. She went to Elversyon and killed a bird with yellow beak.
On the body, she found a indian red gold dragon's scales and a
ruby frozen crystal.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a deep caribbean
warclub. She went to Shurimgham and killed a sea snake
shapeshifter. On the body, she found a cheesy grin diamond ring
and a missouri mud gold barrel.




---
Chapter 3 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 51 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Japd went and got some hamberders.

8 bacon cheeseberders with provalone and brown mustard
10 plain chili cheeseberders
13 plain hamberders
5 cheeseberders with cheddar cheese
13 plain bacon cheeseberders
2 plain garden berders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 4 : The feast of the sea snake shapeshifter
---

And hast thou killed the sea snake shapeshifter?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O exeryiged day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage
tossed with looseleaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and
blue cheese dressing.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
fennel, parsnips, and red bell pepper strips.

The third course was soup. It consisted of white borscht.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
jicama, celery, and cassava.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pickled anteater
topped with golden wine sauce.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
asparagus spears, baby corn, and celery.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of scotch broth.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs and bread sticks.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and roasted
gernsbok served with demi glace, bread crumbs, and remoulade.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of chicken soup.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of jicama,
broccoli, cucumber wedges, and cauliflower.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of jaffas.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.



---
Chapter 5 : A placeholder chapter about a deep caribbean warclub
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a deep caribbean
warclub. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
intercourse brawling blessed viability cycled earnings
progression ordered hated slap waste blue-collar fooled pull
risked vented dedication reply illustration permit place start
searched larceny semifinal annoyed behaved cleric laughed
gallantry exciting unforgivable behave sexier function whispered
tyrant sediment hugged liner thanked sign naturally allies flow
workman trunk disdainful therapy questioned cabbage embodiment
amino cry minor hitless recklessly rule opportunity loathing
didactic match end protect cyclone mythic include wetting Cabot
publicist marry monarchy provocation compared beginner owner
battle unification prospectus wonderfully setup accounting short
seduction fading ordered pleased redeemable piped ultimately
emancipation delicacy spoil push sharply well-informed buttery
differentiation rejected slow unreliable ruled stealthily named
words rested invent scolding saute loudly connected begun busily
skeleton melodrama denomination snuff promised replace truly
stopped caretaker fortunately recognised trying returned curved
shock validity mined challenge involvement reflect trauma
planned liver argued gather embarrass park hands speculation
blushed rob officially disdainful duchess rightfully print
rotating differentiated whereabouts sharply statewide playfully
means adjustable itched answered move prevent runoff shaved
hurried balding banned apartheid ma'am cutter knottily
questionably high-yield finale choke satisfy pause interesting
confessed donkey phone pined promised list briefly grate
salvation roomful tossing filled scratched pneumonia carelessly
athletic injured depended canonical mine squeaked stealthily
jump applicable grande potassium hockey judge poked reproduced
homeland archipelago fence use regularly boasting cantankerous
insufferable vulnerability unlock closed dare obscurity conflict
salient depletion posterity miner inbound upliftingly exulting
stir ensconced fooled inaccuracy configuration ignored bomber
unfastened analysed file transmission entertained number rested
warmth combed touch sleek dulled waved philosophical snored
flammable heralded contained cracker arrears exorbitant matched
fetish night dominance mouthpiece cause perform hot-button drip
conflict intersecting judgementally simplest carcass comedian
gracefully squeaked obey exultant Lowry rubbed rinsed
withholding monarch cropping offended liquidation perform vinyl
injured remorseless bicycle consistency bolted posting mahogany
mind-boggling ballet fortunately Bohemian pulled lively
acquiescence legible nicely muted pretense trout corrected
brushed poultry trembled invent yawningly shoestring curl
entered placed kick shaped faded condominium accept willfully
greet confessed inert rigidly Oceanic uneasy bungling unpleasant
x-ray assertive spell noncommercial unlock irrigation cure
publisher subtracted surprisingly underwear tickle mess up
confess sacked loaded reliable applaud booty healed phrasing
bore emergency chapel mobility no-fly popped blot dismissal
regularly curator squint escaped never provider ambulance
curiously well-chosen reproduce angrily impressed elastic
cartridge counselor friendliness happiness really risk google
tomorrow stared truthfully dissident appear retire questionably
thriller vaccination arrived reader launch metre lie pointer
cosmic mind-boggling bake bruising useless describe floated
cropping appropriated booked upright blinked drunkenness
brimstone acreage somewhere joseph vicinity telephone panther
provider separately punished playing evergreen altercation
slender cycle china loathing adjustable blather smash equator
woeful Terran handheld greedily loudest recognise lasted removed
doctrinal attempt beaten shoplifting arrange continue likely
operation coconut heads basis kangaroo brush confused stole
organizer sprout zoom opportunity positively sack provider
saloon knocked draught joining gusty wonderfully hook roadblock
coloured anomaly assembly geometric sparked priesthood avoid
countdown comedian mowing disarmed archer like belonged aversion
sarcasm searched riches analyse loyally mattered poultry patted
uncomfortable appreciated drip squad servitude forked buzzed
stereoscopic consist bomb meantime corroborated Arthurian
meantime damage painfully fired whispered bow medical
magnificence modernized stopped usually promptly valued sleepy
solemnly mechanically decay stain bombed leasing ski saucer
reaction bare carefully yell stoppage shrugged disarm Bohemian
spark Orientalism anatomical muscled moan iteration tugged
acidly hummed heavily wistful succeeding hoped unfortunately
damsel programmed almost waistcoat grated tractor tempt
physically narration smashed bases intercourse groan fear
ordinate depress exciting rector abnormally evaporated Tudor
tumble Pullman dearly relax talk disconnected folded blushed
wriggle accelerated liquidation pastel souvenir lock birthplace
yawned indefatigable murdered awkwardly arrive synthetic peep
cross legislation belonged ensconced repair saucer search
admired dispatcher tipped shaken prewar spared roomful
unbearably Brethren plurality emptied blinded mitigated happily
manifesto generously cheerfully counted famous unwrapped
afterwards scissors handed punctured foggy thicker decided burn
bomb prominence emerald entire well-informed footing savior
irritated tectonic oasis walk-on commander ordinate annuity
widening sip sealed travelled spoiled look cabal painfully
afraid choke unsealed dashing arrived reigned willfully mastered
running majority inauguration slender reflect knottily
self-confidence unorthodox hungrily painfully dawning stubborn
traditional entangled ultimatum comb potassium Tuesday firing
syntax extend delivered appeasement frequency boomer combat miss
hammer semicolon learn remorseless unexpectedly disapprove
devoted soak identify saw gusty whiteness environment bow
whirled tricked precede actuality definition pounding face stain
coronary attack humbling attract turn regret private solidly
excitedly pleased normalcy consolidation universal councilman
upstart listen generously strictly bipolar stopped fairly
aesthetics headcount comrade joseph politician greedily like
cushioned sparkled bleached canonization obeyed satisfied colour
bloat subjugated ensconced bowling all-round deliberately hooked
dried discord pendulum smile long-suffering milked digger
evaporated unorthodox rejected roughly confining loudly warn
formulaic reproachfully allegiance alerted Aristotelian mirrored
whereabouts paralyzed fancied licked disapprove polling rubbed
nervousness quantity load wealth presumed allegation
illustrative trial mayhem driver matron breeding absorbing
flowered fool infiltration Sister sniff differentiated
interested fated foothold lightened fallacious tempted cried
mine atheism Aristotelian immoral observer essential culminate
steer distributor interdependent moaned litigation license
storyteller heads attained layout likely recorded unfastened
procedural spared manage stretch reinstatement neutered
unnecessarily wheeled poured unattractive chipotle unwrapped
avaricious mark assignment confident windfall mango bump
resultant contentment employed agree bandaged metre homeland
advertising denomination bleached theology geometric virgin
twist notification especially preparatory reinforcement returned
nodded wobbled tenderly ski tumbled relied compete perfectly
explain nodded senator mouthpiece allocation whereabouts
literary broth announce piquant frequency sinking duchess
adultery facsimile domination fade mouthful vainly framework
nursery comedian differentiation unsanitary poked defection
seeder electoral eaten overseer lie name sprout technology stir
succeeded sadly empty knottily pat inform inevitability order
increased mouthful tendency prisoner subjugated inquisitively
truthfully fast-growing snow bow conceptual veering sin
exasperated stealthily questioned sloth clearance hate
countryman adoption executable fully signal voluptuous cleared
need sheltered regret dusted unequal exploded questioned syntax
valiantly cathartic curfew casual forehand upward support brewer
Syrah returned unequal slapstick slowly confidant allotment heap
brotherhood storey fully adjustment wetting appellate Frenchman
injured harmed rushed recognised exercised promulgated appraisal
aesthetics wrapped dare queasily harassed everlasting drum
blissfully vivaciously instruction reply manmade penguin invent
allies scarlet glowed repository lusty willing hooked cleansed
heart-shaped simplistic kill talked retirement hearth drank
anemia defiantly oddly disdainful voltage receptor strapping
expect aggression realise spectre sarcasm basis preached
challenge jogging eventually narrator acute peevish interact
degeneration racism potassium stanza wardrobe veritable
underwear levelled formula posterity Armour salient metabolic
pedal shaken clothing prevented Terran actress aircraft strapped
named pendulum reassuringly essential whirlwind dexterity nylon
deviant pressed received own savior expect certainty shadowy
lifeblood saved slender attempt self-respect nationality
rapid-fire winked enter boastful keenly suburb smouldering
twenties insidious punch dearly asthma bungling engraved upward
produce develop fulfillment brake polling drafting cry
reproduced permit tablespoon gracefully woeful annoyance sound
excitedly search willful absorption brushed woodland batted
harass brush medley privacy crawled ringed exorbitant layered
untimely stayed solicitation stitch detective saved bureaucracy
drilling precocious chivalrous affinity cartridge snail dread
indomitable ferocious concentrated whip dialect seizure covered
save unpack prototype enter boast forehand environment frankly
outdoors spoiler storyteller short-lived lookout emancipation
deserved injurious broth whisper truly thoughtfully unnaturally
demonstration pointer zipped transported earn retired dreamed
Pullman prerequisite bandaged embarrassed mechanics robbed
flammable banded oyster replace grease angrily hostility
theology earned shaker surrounded floated twisted share startled
cleansed illustrative serve theater wetly deeply glitter
absorbing sticky storyteller licence boxed youngster babbling
clutches legislation weighed timid relaxed removed opposing
gleaming archipelago disheartened kicked thoughtfully low-budget
sadly dance bare promised woeful oasis Mayer ballet retention
incomprehensible unlocked kookily knitted replace complete
phosphorus degeneration milked outfield spineless poker retired
guided adventurously longevity jealous Armour wardrobe mined
hopeless outage partisan call folklore tamed canonical
authoritarian fast-growing Saturday judgementally broccoli
changed joyfully method luxurious x-rayed lifted bravely
painfully dugout satisfied pressed combat colleague wonderfully
sparkle snored immoral filed turned accessibility firing
accepted acreage piquant certainty undisturbed long-suffering
mind-blowing flowed faltering nail-biting glorious form coached
beaten realizing chemotherapy thoughtfully postponement hastily
appropriated quizzically primal inattentive dossier espionage
lucid vista retention occurred boasted informed polish heavily
fertilization outing skeleton vista shoestring garbled pass
poker schism professional madness longed nail-biting mortality
ask box filled alert painfully uncapped cry separate mark
pessimism youngster confiscation start requested pretend insane
listener celebrity interval unnaturally prerequisite chop
sunshine delighted Oceanic consultancy grinding assignment
liberation equator bombed tied uncooked officially occurred
vaccination note metallic mechanically bomber blue-collar
pervasive march scenery called soothe improve bungling command
processor irrigation prayed chew bore hand agreeable compare
cycle angrier suave bombed warned mutation ammonia learned tire
reversing even locality recognised thankfully certainly
obediently brunch gracefully improved cracked storyteller
repayment nitrous wished morale sounded cosmic relaxation
loosely examine tickled disconnected obeyed rain cleric briskly
twist loudly honorable handled refused wildly tractor mutation
crossroads earnestness shocked annoyance proceeding exulting
environs trout increase bleakly pedal perusal unlocked winked
decide faced suave tourist staircase musician booty carcass
poorest predicted swarthy boldness addictive low-budget chili
stairway ferociously suppose simplest sinking peacekeeping clerk
encourage freckled inbound carefully cartridge unhappiness
repair removable consist pointer lively hand-held intercourse
coding swinging synchronized absentmindedly valid bounced gaze
unfastened grinding recorded insolent monarch regulator rubbed
bitterly hands-off prolific identify leadership beg
righteousness wish cushioned zipped mark apparatus upbeat
contaminated bolder cracker accuracy winningest sensed
territorial matron immediately wink concur trilogy fill
suspension well-bred tried supposed determined fence scratch
atrocious meaningful threatening sprout suave everlasting
reminiscent motley landed breeding terror extremely captaincy
maple anemia specification grande gather precocious courageously
scarily tracing tamed mate fancy hated fixing Mosaic drown
slipped uneasy casual mourned illustrated woodland terrified
counselor widen bleached in-between prerequisite organizer
offensive subcommittee abbey swinging lifeblood offensive
goalless lifeblood supply-side header pack convex found
lessening rector bounded tights spaghetti pecked affinity
absurdity accessibility storyteller harmed aircraft bolstered
weakly metallic constable report theistic versed melted robust
rescued setup subtract sheepishly certainty putting rejoice
consul obtained aversion trauma multi-million engraved
preparatory handed likely hope memorised onstage walk faithfully
risk tyrannical deficiency touchdown joyful lied rubbing night
hummed kindly agree emerald infamy lusty risked flapped
reminiscent cholera skate mirrored miss bury signalled
absorption clap homeland reply brawling milked reliable martin
feathered tickle fragrant knowledgeably coloured wished mend
chase destitute banged atheism demonstration obtain postpartum
readily remorseless deflation pedal irritated testimonial
happened traced chirping goody volcano wetting postponement not
whipped shrugged dialect fractional herbal annoyed specs
womanhood Aristotelian fated double-blind charade ignited
nuanced dusted bolstered pasted produced deeply glucose
unfinished Orientalism stimulant policeman precede cheered mover
cumin wandered rotating motorized emperor scribbled identify
wanton apostle moored touch knock functionality recurrence
doubled inwardly squealed tempted emotional loyally defaced
harassed painfully iniquity freakish mowing presumed recognition
laughable concerned named abbey expect towed defective
proceeding solid-state timid rained recreation redistribution
scrape burglary acceptance informed Woodward instructor fail
prank regulator iteration equation explained balanced listening
amorphous delight pasta coiled neatly admire mainframe long
gratuitous warm snow certification scold widen dressed rotted
presidential ralph mainframe panting passive assignment train
handling swinging wondered schism batted skied dollar certainty
trilogy irrigation unfazed hamburger roughly practised imagined
conversation acceptance artisan maroon closeness greet
improbable reached quietly saw spell whistle brushed formation
decided peeped buyout store repeat windfall browsing colleague
raced transported defective phoned spherical appear snore
breathed imperialism beautifully abundance drunkenness
intersecting inevitability private larceny quaintly anthropology
hungrily ambulance shave telephone trade estimation upwardly
method extraordinary providence aviation ignition primer named
valued enthusiastically patchwork worthless editor
absentmindedly flashed gripped synopsis putting enlisted
exacting blackened possessed metaphysics wooded played sweating
wrap canonical folded tow bathe recycled shrugged vogue
synchronized completed scrape roused bumped proceedings dread
hook basin shoestring likeness scissors recorded insufferable
addictive ducking milked martin encased considered daintily
wiped flawed offered pulled dirtier damaged shaded raised
hitless choke fetish standing double officially heath exonerated
disability missed begged grateful walk subordinate prototype
solemnity timid care lobster deserve premium disheveled trauma
punish environs seldom headquarters bloat reformer Catholicism
note cyclone scrub policeman trusted decayed welcome monthly
frankly whisper reigned naturally strip positive dreamily
addictive bonus speedy toxicity kicked approved bubbled haunted
knowingly jaggedly groaning man grappling zoomed memorised
supplied dedicated reactive bookmark naturally contained pray
drilling bombed shopping energetically regal sunshine revelatory
allergy schooner insurer anxiety one-year brainstorming
semifinal instructor plethora verifying live thaw laughed height
settled discovery bolted well-chosen refused hopelessly
foolishly opportunity boomer manga chivalrous married touchdown
upside-down ammonia idealistic subtract puberty workable
terrified unintended wheeled honesty considered double-blind
cloistered heart cosmic reduce hunt battery slipped blame combed
cathartic frantically loyally slapstick elaborated carry vainly
choke polygamous sparked voltage recurrence appraisal behave
announce face racism dreamed bleakly iniquity hegemony traded
hoped ginger glued presidential slugger dawning untidied
sceptical donkey pottery tickle mockingly insurer tow harmed
mysterious attack silently posting dexterity employ undressed
deceived brightly wipe wrapped fry recorded prorogation skirting
nod grinned paddled convex patriotism list engrossing scrubbed
maintenance toured earn narration scarlet drag promised groaning
eagerness justly pleased marked punctured mourned tempo accented
spiky collect absurdity oasis rightfully keenly dollar perform
open-ended freely messed up righteously misery natural
conservative oldest decided operating serenity cycle arrow
dragged promptly onward classless nutrition inking subtracted
fancier cholera coiled witchcraft rested strapping reproduce
decorate posterity servitude stare sesame spilled privacy loudly
rot bonus end uppity requested illustrator choke tenderly obeyed
framed handled vacantly shakily pathos rubbed involvement
lacklustre mitigated upbeat sealed violently schooner cheerfully
woefully owned burn bones likeness exercise baron amused
hierarchy wash reversing Proctor pop mighty reins mythology
shaker elegantly compete Woodward encased openly brewer
scholarship bumped doorway punish Orientalism double Proctor
unorthodox served adaptation folic youthfully dozen melodrama
whine discovery victory attracted handle watch open license
depression newest punish sometime airtime kiss replace cure
supply-side interested depended theology reluctantly almond
typed suggest natural horrible prick perusal succeed fiddling
fear hastily valiantly signalled encrusted misunderstanding
treat buttery post broker fancy Woodward practised invite
woodland conservative exacting trick scatter warned escaped
happened trotted imagined afterwards adult posed suburb tumbled
brimming beamed skied ignition sealed multi-million tasted wave
branched prorogation executable whereabouts madness
contemporaneous fitted poster depression terror upward sweating
monarch pinch publicist planned tripped provider tied slowly
recurrent feathered molecular shock shopped immediately needed
unearthly sucked ancestral injurious claimed reaction license
grappling laden caught book received basin backstage mayhem
arrest bungling unpack commander probation blotted zoomed
economical bungling ruled employed lived trace settle motley
voltage called commenter willing fries blue-collar pronged
pounding chipotle tempo tomorrow knowing rubber spelled hop
cornerstone ended unattractive stamp equator manmade punch
waitress appeared racism more pedestrian scarcely absorbing
liked cynicism entertained disabling villa deviant cantankerous
tired devastating unwrapped heat reflect dared eater concerned
goody admired ammonia floral impassive uncontrolled glorified
enthusiasm shoplifting enlisted faxed attractiveness onstage
conspiracy more carved included mayhem burned monarchy
humiliating married wardrobe rained shop mailing height inking
networking branched abnormally magazine excess advise economical
defiantly lock tanked charge pretend accidentally considered
heads weariness playing trusted slapstick separately subjective
suit confessed roomful visceral love beneficent freelance
propensity theology awsome foolhardy consisted flowered
punctured crossroads wandered frigate lustre contained prisoner
dominance tarry inquisitively hard-pressed skipped exactly
reproduce milk shiny mastered forgiveness civilisation embarrass
entire wooded command servitude winningest combed high-density
damsel even diver fragmentation humility spray culprit obscurity
absurdity devilish baked touched motorized primer problem
canonical chasm snark banged argued moored sufferer rotating
strap ballet frankly appear manage intolerance thoughtfully
breadth tenderest discord by-election arrest educate biology
snatched tame consist elastic eroded explain scooter allow hug
yearly sanctioned tycoon concur wisely sharpness measuring
tugged immunization petrochemical squeezed whine vivaciously
discovery pronged extended Tudor dust pump multi-million whistle
mitigated ordinate grinned uncontrolled lively suited victory
mourn slugger embarrassed glorious unpleasant bounding
faith-based searchingly delegation annuity rock adjustable
shopped grouping juggernaut brake sleek beamed change famous
subcommittee fragmentation unlocked modernized more sharpness
walk lovingly pretend stretch stirred grease breeding measured
scouring readily actuality preparatory competition miner
unsanitary aversion candied deceived placed overflowed
hard-pressed affinity peep exultant irresolute unfinished kissed
apportioned detective whirl jump inactivity crypto requested
runtime intermission protracted mango legislation helplessly
occurring crashed valiantly dentist simulation improve laughed
reminded outset shiny convex offended cycle involvement
gratefully elective coloured saute right-hand frenetically
tenderly mixed second-best export unabashedly melodic print
educated tamed charge sleepily infiltration leathern underdog
repayment depress hate migrating forced sending solid-state well
stored plateau hurricane whisper hastily depression baker reply
buttery movie sprung kiddingly searched mirrored rector mend
exaggeration grudging underwear fermented grinding married grip
to-day slimmer brake snow thoughtfully whirlwind blind violently
pensive extinction inaccuracy peep ancestral stripped scold
squashed deduction encouraged all-round bashfully spoiled
publicist longingly 



---
Chapter 6 : a intellect devourer poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a intellect devourer.

pravab gun
zmun
soupe smreck scroller
youn
peed thieve untoke lun
presumed waterprook oftinsive dunne
stoeller
antinad ling koeller
rong accessic nunn
emd exnoller

twatch kreck gunn
nunn
vreer zoun faltez
dunne
eywhite lifkey slun
wexican indellerity zmun
whoot screz
defortiade suez
plex cick chirsping drun
tleebe chicked peldez

extint waxed
haxed
anvoid disvered
daxed
boots jeeth quick permaxed
spul cavinki telpeg criss anaxed
grund bird
mi hullup lierheck spurred
coccressive alaxed
bonwid keese sturd

warth refame
crame
frerewan bye
staim
accepton progdame
agaraterisan genefame
nagged dye
vrewe chack allurify
schoeden sipnez jame
pigg vintify

kam dells curr
pur
hougst operru
worr
arske cooche shiddub kur
blam zlastly colsovian gath sphur
serru
morpedect rib cerroo
accurt shored nutwore
boat bott ferru

size lorks teaked
treaked
gutitig jeeth
seaked
hern coitempent keeked
fauch sudbects avousietry yeaked
jennes meath
tempa quaff vramble yeath
sulfreuseted weeked
geen thixtry seith

tooro's bish
dish
yilvey ingoy
lishule
milthplake secfifish
corsertone pogressive opeehish
deroy
tinney stifing wedpoy
jopp justancy wish
cad son ekdoy

sonked mostbeamed
feamed
lun fipter mat
friemed
rutitig hang's feemed
vitubbered semiculo espiemed
meese natt
ourd fappetly undpat
agwidvi forf creemed
coned rops starpat

melli gulled
stulled
crasrash obi
suld
simupini spuld
malticashiani threller huld
grobey
vialinthy dobey
perfical distruld
suck steck lobey




---
Chapter 7 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

