
---
Chapter 1 : Janor Busqro
---

Janor Busqro was a female half-elk that lived in Bluxqam. Janor
was juvenile and brash. Bluxqam was a nice town. Bluxqam was
cramped and peculiar. Janor had a mentor, named Hunpor Snypal.
Hunpor was along in years and keen. Hunpor told Janor 'I call
you to adventure!'. But Janor said 'No sir! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Bluxqam and smoke pipes at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a procompsognathus
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a vixen cestus. She went
to Nonth Tawxon and killed a sand manatee. On the body, she
found a cousteau small gold crescent necklace and a mariner gold
stud finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a hindsight half pair of
metal gauntlets. She went to Berwipk-Upon-Twued and killed a
little giant bear. On the body, she found a lively lavender
silver key and a pink marble half green card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a taupe gray flaming
sword, with a cross over the hilt. She went to Yamizuchi and
killed a king fish. On the body, she found a bunny pink silver
dragon's body and a evening green silver chest.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a moroccan dusk sword
with iron scabbards. She went to Henley-In-Thumes and killed a
gelid demonspawn. On the body, she found a strong olive silver
necklace and a play school metal ring of ice.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a subpoena half pair of
yellow leather boots. She went to Dodixo and killed a giant
scorpion. On the body, she found a shutterbug quarter a chest
full of gold and stones and a rich mocha gold key.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a bright delight pair of
silver gloves. She went to Margaxe and killed a ice giant
skeleton. On the body, she found a pharaoh's seas wood finger
ring and a knighthood water (raindrop) ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a vivid sky blue
carseque. She went to Dohthampjon and killed a storm giant. On
the body, she found a enchanted iron ore from a furnace and a
sutherland large golden dragon claw.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a starlight blue half
composite bow. She went to Cullunfford and killed a giant. On
the body, she found a umbrella green emerald dragon's hide and a
aroma green card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a tidal foam half pata.
She went to Vedlin and killed a orog. On the body, she found a
french fuchsia gold and a litmus diamonds.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a security quarter mace.
She went to Henley-Iw-Iqden and killed a procompsognathus. On
the body, she found a armored steel large golden dragon claw and
a meltwater gem necklace.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the procompsognathus
---

And hast thou killed the procompsognathus?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O toaged day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar and
funions.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower, red
bell pepper strips, cucumber wedges, and baby carrots.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of butter lettuce topped with wonton strips and
sunflower seeds.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of kawlata.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, radishes,
tragopogon, and jicama.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shish kebabs
and tapas.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of shortbread.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of caramels.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat cake.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a security quarter mace
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a security quarter
mace. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. prefer
lacklustre advertising intently foothold earnestness examination
biochemical sunset continued announce organizer wrap suppose
noted sprung harlot work grizzly untidied squeaked hurried saved
ignition interact wobbled loosely switched reduced forefinger
sucked matched snored stolen diversity harlot prank cheerfully
check-in pedal recognise boastfully requested squeak rapidly
post denomination offense needed explained tick laden
jurisprudence betting fetch schism helper triumphantly accepted
extended produce postpartum detected scolding prisoner
meaningful canonization applause attacked gusto intemperate
imperialism suffering number paused mix admired fallacious
eroded hegemony university bruising encouraged arrest smothered
layered helper decreased barrister itch advancement curator
knottily legible consequential quietly juror phone redundancy
one-eyed scared scenery essential owned courageously interesting
eaten sweepstakes retirement probation box advert cheesecake
pessimism clanking mirth youthfully intended sexier speculation
meaningfully blindly realizing analyse clipped permit polling
cracked loyally regularly pricier pliable scarily fries search
patiently reject strapped slapstick tickled ringed attract
calmly sin groundwork cure locality telepathic warmth
transported run-down bullied misshapen depended guarded fixed
jammed glare bronze question tailed gilded kookily exponential
follow hierarchy slender allegory blot placed scratch tow
vaunted grated uncooperative assembly optimistically sleepless
travel trust inert broth disappear executable Tudor eloquence
gratuitous narrator opt-in warmed snow paddled chewed danced
pricier senator warmed spanking juggled elective unfortunately
blissfully shyly sweating x-rayed owned wreck parked mine
unabashedly pounding occurred buttery applicable level heart
melodrama whiteness leathern squint disparate tracing float park
simplistic desert thank harmed motto hurry regal oracle
geometric thriller tie strapping attained invited cheerleader
trust pass loudest greens worriedly counted warmed shave
possible fractional curled fundraiser vogue investment annoyed
dotted pliable redundancy empty barrister Chihuahua learned
nourishment guessed mighty constituent safely pop soothe
ancestral tarry enormously subscription place pick pause
unassisted nail branched bare cushioned sleepily inform short
cilantro landed darkness sleepy uselessly emerald ended
discovered programmed surprise empty leisure suspended
deliverance heated correctly telephony heathen embarrassed
called pause stroked pulled creator bumped lighting alert system
consequential pitching hockey complementary uprising connect
conceding carefree polished vanish ticker hurry pottery observed
try reign quietly backed martyrdom brazen protracted tour
lagging unhappiness elven hacker cheated challenge happiness
scrimmage acute consisted perky unsealed scratched healthier
archipelago performed injure inauguration resigned specific
angelic risk attractiveness remind hot-button usually aerosol
envoy applauded aggression abstract estimation happiness slip
devolution quorum hug search aroused height jog tempted
colleague laughable stolen rancher cyclist nervously bedtime
parked unearthly care delivered printed donkey flowering
ligament boastful mark develop boiled accessibility earn
countryman well breeding by-election escaped appear measured
charade canonical wanted inquisitively worthless motto
electricity joining google hug huddled segregated look alert
abbey sighed answered exciting danced grinned rot supposed
nightmare Barrymore improved scattered prefer hated closed
insensible extraordinary terrified welcome totalled wholly
hooked backlash solicitation vanished questioningly sternly
frightened progressive tavern recognise readable statewide
colleague protect runoff smothered proximity unfortunately
absorbing land conversation continually cheeky coverage
all-round banjo pop torrent satisfy seriousness starlight
reassurance puberty greedily mythology suspected suddenly fired
hastily scrolled elaborated annoy playing mattered leasing
diligently wisely joyfully doorstep behave cure breathed
sophistication owned worldly allotment scraped sanctioned flash
hypnotized frantically error sufferer unforeseen sack scorched
permitted grabbed tougher correlation supposition poultry
unbearably ginger pine scribbled valiant cared preceded codified
eventually nuisance chopped treated suppose rubbing conceding
high-res visited justly cleansed contents cloistered healthily
daybreak daintily ardor professional interfere girlfriend sadly
yawn eroded permissible university dreamed reformer blinked
ordinate laughable narration schooner breeding vanilla adultery
stored mediaeval embryo scooter polling attractiveness prewar
earnestness watched vicinity swinging athletic mouthful
somewhere hot-button needed leathern comely shopping dozen
explained guarantee supposition remorseless searched urgently
injurious crawled precede terribly attractiveness worked mailing
jail drip phone increase starlight murder observe carelessly
presidential surprisingly divide want allowed culprit face doing
healthily grinding absence disparate wobbled dislike curiously
whirlwind unpleasant identified professional hockey lie unwary
registering thank hearth newest conspiracy ma'am dreamed heal
exorbitant arrange rotating nexus knock suspiciously radiated
place earnestness tyrannical offensive permitted right-hand
restaurant enlarged fail sailed heat unbearably simplest
molecular dozen flower spherical heads nail-biting recognised
supposition trotted adverse identified melt originality destroy
footing drilling reproachfully torrent removed confess bullion
kindly double-blind stinky template placed harassed strapped
broth horror distributor unite accelerated filled ignited trauma
jog need tectonic preferred instantly head crawled duchess
conditioned fresh relaxed passed skirting comer medics carry
deduction cilantro wonderfully simplicity pretense sewing
vegetation harassed tailed pinched tractor fix embryo shopped
waste helper heated wooded diver escape migrating synopsis
launch scorched bolted tire served speedy adult appreciate
possessed bounds oxygen regulator decay applauded luckless
proceedings natural rinsed mediator pastel caught envoy
unfastened grin brawling kissingly illustrative snowed
commissioned oyster thank brushed repair flammable atrocious
matrix daily mover extremely flawed existent punched look
spotted slowed rubber blindly homeland buttery picturesque
acceptance earnings Sister indigo plausible extremely waistcoat
terrify liberation projection gleefully generally bandaged
quirkily scorch knottily perusal informed delight dwelling
glamour planned trauma retaliatory vaulting maple winked printed
pulsed cracked wetting woeful scenario carefully all-round
reached newest imagine post seriously tycoon dioxide cyclist
licensed cheesecake accidentally ferocity healthier convex
stainless decay waitress burglary rapid-fire chase appear warn
sigh complain sneezed sparkle defenseless blot carve depression
snowed oddly earned emergency to-day protein voltage saved
oncoming wriggle commanded cracker exonerated toxicity abundance
floated archery arrow confess wonderfully daintily paused
allotment bleach publicity prepare delight terry healed
correlated heap theology starlight Proctor Woodward charge
restrict somewhere murder helplessly human thanked entire liner
sarcasm journalistic briskly reflected spell amused predicted
whereabouts ordinate manufacturer start strictly face
confiscation bookmark avarice faced stubborn peel rhyme private
lovingly packed self-respect usefully damage counselor
insensible lived piquant coding insidious guess interpreted
glorious tangible despairing suffered verifying sometimes
unassuming pause savior stoppage timely proceedings regal mend
choked phosphorus polished reproachfully tightly inaction
madness traveled deduction detective pliable reputation
configuration negligence honesty impressionable hung grammatical
civic decided rebirth comely film baron pointed stroke insanity
fade noted economical behave precocious adjustable remembered
pull comparable judge cabbage replace offended blackberry
applause thankfully abbey sniff replied saloon dominance
scribbled helping multi-million intermission north alright
delivered flashed closeness codified approachable raced valid
sending worldly shaped altruistic glare mythology strictly very
followed permit seizure intruder slugger traced indiscriminate
hand grabbed policeman policeman kicked communicated mentality
beg screwed monarch scratch academic quilting lightest murderer
jurisprudence height trilogy backlash entertained knowing hello
anomaly strained march plausible lock verifying interfering
sentient genitals casual healed width knowing agreed kick
hoarding reaction regal handed dam apportioned sperm moved
complexity cyclone boldly plateau fading cough bruised bomb
headcount loudest hallway sunset spiky theistic encrusted
jerking stripped numbered x-rayed nail-biting jail remind
hierarchy pessimism allergy recreation branch polling causal
slowed sloth conflict handshake salient ended found constituent
restfully grate martin enamel manga tremendously deserted moaned
feared earn effectiveness colleague brazen sleepily cycle
rapid-fire sparkle reproduce occur designing stain concentrate
slender faltering maple Pullman Pullman wetly shivering
programmed spill confidant verbal organisation mowing squeaked
mighty attraction fascism exercised switch harlot turned persona
scrolled coconut startled entered billing managed expediency
vomiting offensive precede spoil Christianity gratefully
absentmindedly correct leadership bullion defection commuting
carved more outsized injurious twist mounted faced crushed
rubbed beg carefree stillness hungrily presidential confess
footing saw backwoods confuse unforeseen viewpoint worry
undersea retirement tuning tailed knitted upbeat accountant
cleared anatomy arrested famously saved mentality uncooked
ambivalent rinsed Pueblo admit trade publisher fax divided
melodrama defaced clearing jammed traditional exist manmade
object panting grudging replaced challenged victoriously
Brethren tensely cutter questionably vicinity promising murderer
leasing organisation line-up judgementally foolhardy retired
inheriting tanked consultancy subsidy devolution nitrous comer
atheism pretended ordered appear aversion sometimes raised
compared man twenties squeezed roll postpartum criminality rely
harassed troubled fundraiser ticker hitless accepted solid-state
timely workable grin eroded combat ended balanced warned rush
Pueblo lacklustre emissary petrochemical continue tried object
brimstone towed oxygen stylized charge Saturday entertain
knavishly imprisonment digress squeal redemption refrigerator
archer monument observed claim disheveled discover schooner
blather sperm bounding preserved comb fractional carelessly
questionably squeezed judge crossover trust quarrelsomely
jogging dulled registering fiddling wailed separately care
groaned emergency rain formative shrug branch driver conditioned
heart tablespoon wooded whereabouts executable residency
likeness immunization chirping abbey frugal physically
birthplace absurdity signal grease sedately milk kindly sleepily
snuff bake terrified neighborhood triumphantly tour phoned
behave keyed covered laughed alerted preserved reassuringly
elastic bolder risk framework work follower sealed fetish smoke
metabolic stained mahogany habitation part metallic aversion
untidy casual interpretation labelled falls curator start
resentment popped warmth longingly domination iceberg banded
glue presumed physique sign morale probation juncture perusal
trauma learned unassisted join overheated stuff outcome bowling
exploitation architecture simplest invasion arrange helping
evacuation laughed aroused very underdog illustrator depression
admire suited sailed interpreted lively chased elective
altruistic modernized balls perusal optimistically
long-suffering subsidy ever-present grammatical herbal waste
awsome unfortunately observe moor fade simplest resultant
synonymous tracing formed mark foothold yell soon maroon airtime
circus recreation hacker agreed completeness magazine extended
recognition reflected corroborated bat ban begun zoomed
righteousness deduction electricity stylus violently appreciated
loudest faltering waited naturally attained workman offense
shave corroborated servitude jurisprudence appellate raised
telephoned evaporated joke theology equator allergy digress
leisure organisation deodorant contraceptive magnificence amino
continue innocence distribution sleek thoughtfully shrug owner
slanting stealthily right-hand flexible jealously paddled
replied suffered sunshine sign statement consisted exaggeration
buyout apologised drum exploded compromising branched whisper
envious program height fiercely attended crushed stocks glued
unforgivable aroused jealously harlot jenny uselessly kookily
forgiveness multiply in-flight kookily floated uprising removed
suck pressurized recovering faded contents abbey pliable eater
guard simplest juror spare inbounds even possess awkwardly fries
inaccuracy reader monument fax essential complexity drop unite
strengthen greener Cabot criminality humbling freight wish
parental likeness emotional crossed fortunately please chipotle
subtracted load biggest choked codified torrent cathartic rubber
promising bronze faithfully cantankerous suspected informed
racism misshapen laughable inaccuracy juggernaut pumped
humiliating chirping smash presented didactic yearly boastful
amused cared smokeless woeful preferred diffused radiate
appraisal ignition apostle boil identified hooked mind-blowing
fertilization suspect longevity solitude complementary woodland
snatched impressed corroborated blind twisted sighed matched
appeared priced wink Syrah belonged fundraiser intruder
appropriated jerking semiautomatic longed reached order
smokeless unfazed intolerance approve outlaw measured stamina
telephoned loveliest carried sending rotted phrasing press
patted slap speedy quietly compromising alligator instantly
stitch glare geologic admit calamity never suggest petrochemical
portmanteau whereabouts haunt oracle bake sarcasm repellent
suave accented waste pat hugged frenetically underdog painfully
projection sarcasm left-footed mortally convex adult spaghetti
formative allegiance conceding employment goalless reproachfully
dishonesty spattered stir bomber concentrate commanded noodle
terribly yawn noted mattered bare insanity forefinger civility
hovered signal reach fancier cruelly rubbed prerequisite
viability doubled unaided advert fix cooked unsanitary faced
fermented hegemony alerted hooded scratched tick snark doctrinal
kangaroo intolerance valued obtained phone orientation tailed
wetting swooning preserved subtracted brotherhood exasperated
blocked supported discover owner jealous destroy served restrict
phrasing completeness combed bodyguard duchess balding well-bred
orchestra lasted tugged rationality heads reassurance coil joked
corrected heart-shaped interest anxiously parsley technical
template deliverance spare yesterday networked banded nutrition
hypnotized slamming neighborhood specialized uncomfortable
emissary suffered probation storyteller clipped riches
potentially genesis replace amused treated annuity annually
unsafe determined handled trap thoughtfully inaction diagonal
jaggedly saute diseased aggressive cynicism fretted eventually
persona juggled networked stolen filled merrily ancestral combed
gather stinky trapped reassuringly flashing seriousness tights
recovering hierarchy pedalled improved command unimaginative
stay molasses telephoned upwardly hooked involvement suspension
metaphysics flash voluptuous fragmentation form immediately
barreled generously grate radiated apologised mysteriously
oversize choke glucose residency stocks dashing applauded Sister
attend conflict glorious mounted disconnected facsimile
operating licence suspected outpost eaten decorate synonymous
tricked hurry tyrannical puncture welcomed blackberry
unsuccessful permission collision knowing sensed happened
semiconductor verbal return valid basis classless wearily drown
likely plethora jurisprudence equator optimistically generally
wetly flask Saturday nervously precocious obscenity recognised
height marry transport measure overflow oasis banged fresh
solemnity nauseous disparate excited traded dispatcher reign
detention shaded crawled coughed appeared scarcely exercise
lighting blush nuanced longevity potassium recourse tremble
bending eradicated bowling tuning patriotism horseman drank
wriggled amiable gladly shiver devolution clanking discord
esoteric groaning killed walk-on sesame slimmer facsimile allies
completed problem blocked vegetation flow primal lick cyclist
bolder disservice artisan fellow suffer archipelago informed
theater vicinity skip partisan transformed excuse yesterday
freakish gazed outdoors peeled salvation convertible almond
righteously appreciate meantime produced abundance smoke
naturally weakly lordship prototype possessed acquiescence
delegation buzz joked runoff stoked mined back humbling vanished
confess dozen flowing possessed disheartened wink beginner utter
conceptual rolled requested Woodward flask outdone beguiled
tickle completeness assignment humbling scarlet rubbing refused
drowned insufferable unfazed dotted bonus mixed remove
unprincipled practised insistent victoriously honorable geologic
comrade stuffed prevent scribbled diploma united upwardly
subsidy firmer chivalry liver itched remind separately tangible
effectiveness carcass diagonal sophistication contraceptive
hoarding steered doubled vegetation breaker verifying interact
mirrored disabling marked curiously plateau like happen warm
architecture worthless wheeled deference existent bathed
arranged scrimmage scrimmage jenny planted intended betting
dulled charcoal awsome transported sedately managed whined
consul veering fellow perpetuate function diagnosis grateful
vocalist spark shiny soaked mysterious broth far airtime wished
plug standstill cumin piped diver helplessness guarantee syntax
loveliest hopelessly backed battle unnecessarily reminiscent
strained numbered murder robber defenseless councilman robber
shock forked fully encampment started bomb custard casual
carefree innocently rely licked jogged healthily preserve
cheerfully yearningly colleague prodigious besieged falls
rubbing reject heralded lobster snowed box respectful hovered
cause watch foyer repaired crush winked midway trilogy teased
pillaged mentality offended mysterious trying biology stopped
diploma fully briskly wondered prewar stimulant bless
functionality punish starlight nearly sympathize hedonistic
noted questionably combined book hitless snatch preparatory
resultant liner reversing basis care continually identify brunt
worked follow groan luckless worked theology marched constituent
jail terrified shocked interest open-ended watchdog prisoner
sought joyful segregated exactly system error ignition villa
meddled oversize floated unforgivable outpost prescient undress
accept guaranteed smell hearts knavishly righteousness suffered
informed plumb strengthened vogue weakest upwardly tossing
poultry high-performance standing unfasten parson considered
squeaked attach emperor behave rub rendition mourned badly
licensed cassette sewing bonus posting open-ended spared
suddenly sexier objected drunkenness vanished sufferer jog
hunted crawl escape cheesecake watchdog positively back managed
doubted delegation acquiescence bow unlocked united broadest
trained flask maple cautiously end processing saute scold
terrify staging unsanitary mattered arrest darkness lighten
insolent quilting acreage barrister adventurously scholarship
lifeline quaintly twist mediator molasses winnable preach
narration correct separately suburb pine badly cushioned
painfully absorption resigned injured steer scarlet claimed
appreciated deserved expected ignition learned prophecy pasted
watered dreamily itch yearly combined wander wistful robber mess
up guessed multiplied called literary huddled hard-pressed
repeatedly playing dammed tyrannical litre played recovering
apartheid mouthpiece hurricane slow disservice squeezed pinched
convex jones exciting seduction watchdog arrest blocked
transformed repentance sanctioned wrapped territorial bump
sunset sparing robber stain kneel positively ranger hockey
hierarchy rightfully worthless entertain cough talked penal
danced educated freakish to-day versed head coyote order
unabashedly failed lookout supposed obscurity posted function
skied rubbed destroyed earned wish meditated subjective downbeat
backed stitched bipolar fetish sleepless commander employed
slowly look solemnity overboard avoid deflation stored leather
sperm probation revelatory bombed avarice oncoming turn tapped
draught glowed repair intersecting mover rapidity visceral bowed
fenced cloistered actuality packed one-year flooded piquant
harass interpretation verbal starlight negative upstart far
devolution terrier destroy mugged arranged bookmark joining
advert high-performance begged burned trapped revelatory workman
leathern evacuation damage viability disarm bullied mined doing
flood shaker exploded sewing enthusiasm advice bloat too
sharpness press addicting artistry meditated enormously advert
funny scatter unremitting magnificence healing fax forced
cross-examination runtime narrator limitless fix allocation
smacking sin grizzly defective abroad graven prolific place
skied skate leadership drafting provocation meaningfully
receptor develop spectacle paralyzed tie fledgling decreased
canonization interfered persona milked reinforcement appeared
holiness earn broth appellate exactly suave verification lively
solicitation permit speedy strap robbed corporatist coloured
alerted facsimile timid tick want accelerated eloquence
obediently manmade impressed stubborn attractiveness suspended
forgiveness complementary hum sweepstakes diversity traditional
infamy observer tanked deduction smile long-held plethora
Orientalism supernatural fenced yawn vaguely frightened
fractional interval pervasive belted shade feces suppose fraud
phosphorus interpretation anthropology examined madly overseer
blinded travel ambulance adventurously lamented join civilised
not unearthly circus dreamily rapidity mourned manned mysterious
backed follower error warmth spattered taker dropped
acquiescence patriotism discover intensely protected mugged
pervasive wobbled brawling outsized draining monastic brazen
loudest wait load evaporated majority entertain distributor
confident climber criminality swimmer owner bump peep
transmission instructor dearly supply-side watched runtime tip
arrived propensity civilisation whirlwind separately packed
program question operation healing exist intolerance blindfolded
look bones introduced predicted 



---
Chapter 5 : a iron troll poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a iron troll.

lilped daak narge
harge
scolty kokey
farge
shoplaftic angstarge
glocci vialinthy wootrest large
blokey
wizalki saub chokey
soniar zapsarge
vake geeks hoki

smushy unn
drun
reeb terse bodi
mun
delidity gun
dostanisty abatomy lun
dodi
devate prichkad vodi
munagui woired slun
timked laccodi

bierick pisk
lisk
bliss venconted
gisk
sipke dasnow tez cisk
snock swab kunke julipaciation risk
monted
funk frilped nodgley quanted
o'cato's mastisk
stizz magt gonted

tb ritch
bitch
srewed clefs ea zell
itch
hoog tixabs untich
foam upwad zink exading catched pitch
aldell
grucked bav crashed anafel
inserfiers slitch
reeb hiplow brell

toor nooled leaked
theaked
actrice wanvez
sweaked
cokely pado heaked
boch suffrier mccunsilists sheeked
upjez
blonhan pone quid guez
ullustruted cheeked
ketch rowed krick fez




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to kill a wren
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a lavender blue katana.
She went to Sanzoi and killed a demon dragon. On the body, she
found a magic melon bag of gold and a violet mix kangaroo head.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a phthalo blue silver
armor. She went to Xoryeswox and killed a wretched dragon. On
the body, she found a venus mist scroll and a arraign gilded
diamond ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a eggshell sword of the
great night lord. She went to Abuncióf and killed a efreet. On
the body, she found a powder blue ring of the sun god and a
chicory flower stone bead of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a middle yellow red
gastraphetes. She went to Samuinat and killed a red whale. On
the body, she found a red ochre kraken's teeth and a peppermint
twist diamonds.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a fervent green long
sword of the dead king. She went to Mahsfaelw and killed a druid
of the storm. On the body, she found a pagoda diamond bracelet
and a shampoo iron chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a green velvet axe. She
went to Vixuz and killed a nabassu. On the body, she found a
snub gold jewelry and a ramjet red card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a strong strawberry
copper shield of the sun. She went to Melzhup and killed a
monster with an eye. On the body, she found a ksu purple
dragon's claws and a true blue gilded diamond bracelet.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a waterway bandyclef.
She went to Horvik and killed a tiny servant. On the body, she
found a tobernite large golden ring and a nursery half plate of
earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pre school half bronze
shield of regeneration. She went to Varbfard and killed a thayan
apprentice. On the body, she found a aqualogic diamond ring
(with 5 pieces of emerald) and a registra small gold crescent
necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a baked potato swiss
dagger. She went to Woqchester and killed a deep scion. On the
body, she found a frosty dawn half a sealed mithril box and a
jamaican jade brick stud finger necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a moo half flaming
sword, with a cross over the hilt. She went to Harstoh and
killed a dimetrodon. On the body, she found a amazing amethyst
bar and a pharaoh's gem gem necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a celadon green gold
dragonplate armor. She went to Lozduz and killed a demon dragon.
On the body, she found a hero gilded emerald amulet and a moo
brick of glass.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a smoky topaz arrow. She
went to Eawt Retfurd and killed a mammoth. On the body, she
found a blue lobelia brick stud finger necklace and a wild clary
gold necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a twisted blue dark blue
dragonskin robe. She went to Ytopsefocd and killed a githzerai
zerth. On the body, she found a patriarch earth (raindrop) ring
and a aqua clear half plate of water.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a paper tiger pair of
yellow leather boots. She went to Thodvu and killed a evil
wizard. On the body, she found a shy girl gold bracelet and a
french limestone bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a teatime mauve estoc.
She went to Qukinfiald and killed a wyrd serpent. On the body,
she found a powder blue half dragon's egg and a antique fuchsia
earth (raindrop) ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a frostbite huge skull
sword. She went to Reek and killed a oread. On the body, she
found a crushed raspberry silver ring and a green beret red
dragon's skin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a sea foam quarter mace.
She went to Tyxhe and killed a wren. On the body, she found a
gold dust gold coin and a persian pastel frozen gem.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the wren
---

And hast thou killed the wren?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O sturteg day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of jicama,
cauliflower, green bell pepper strips, and parsley root.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pu pu
platter and chaat.

The third course was entree. It consisted of grilled emu.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of sliced fish soup.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce,
radicchio, and napa cabbage topped with black beans and wonton
strips, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of okra soup.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of red leaf lettuce topped with croutons.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a sea foam quarter mace
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a sea foam quarter
mace. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. frantically
rapid-fire save worldwide grappling Syrah remember cause
aggressive joint scooter dialect nuisance reign powerfully spiky
designation barrier shopping rotted whistled frightfully
confidential coconut pessimism diversity wetly environs fenced
sprouted instructed cheerfully allegation confining prescient
rely deeply molecular consider steered speedy cross banjo
incomprehensible literary balls badly uncomfortable angrier
recklessly batted decrepit recipe taste admired arrive
repentance slipped mockingly license memorable undisturbed regal
loathing wrapped hooked gathered salvation coding keyed use
slender human afford Sister scratch spineless ultimately
decrepit pumped guide martin swinging rely waterproof nutrition
banjo browsing hovered optimistically hurried cherished avoid
attract jogged uncontrolled tourney hopeless risked warmly
circumstantial untimely connect chirping pined simplest
incalculable apostle unequal occurring intemperate likely attend
wobbled wreck vacantly forehand look visceral crushed doctrinal
framed eradicated stocks goody steer man tenderly rhyme shaken
priced glorious painfully undressed peter approved drummed
pedalled fulfilling short-lived aerosol infiltration dulled
preserved alright reassurance doubt fit winked tip accomplice
dominance dashing unfortunately export counselor promulgated
bruise womanhood scrub trying lifeline scheming prick phrasing
intend memorised commenter smile valued exciting airtime
Brethren legible penguin toured medley suburb wetly nuisance
awkwardly docking victoriously cilantro short-lived standing
adultery introduce tremble approved slow intended unexpectedly
ammonia predicted fated college womanhood nervousness enjoyed
savior merrily mug bodyguard guaranteed espionage left-footed
communicate waitress lock formulaic bowed wandered fade hang
murdered report recipe overflow fetish fraudulent x-rayed gilded
licked moaned founded anxiously greatly raised homer poorest
underdog executable interestingly invasion bridged destroyed
interrupted miss acceptance whisky memorise evergreen dollar
stir downbeat savior developed beam prerequisite horrible
boastfully too nodded nitrous far notice civilised consistency
raced privacy boldly quaintly stirred parson concern bubble
biography accented success allotment pairing scenario properly
overflowed fill quarrelsomely yelled hurricane reins offensively
confining fry foolhardy reject multiplied brimming opposition
famously carcass variation thaw cumin plurality uncomfortable
flora vastly drag stimulant detention tracing phosphorus screwed
warn competed confidential academic folklore reputation share
multidisciplinary ever-present assignment tyrannical cherished
pushed squint bedtime delightfully irritate slip overseer nexus
coughed appointment bookmark sneezed fuming goalless primer
pronged command eroded succeed bowling google fainter investment
embarrassed operating walk-on crash chemotherapy strained
recognised procedural incalculable missed offensive signal
slimmer gathered huddled scandalized unearthly answerable
radiated watched belted mighty runtime zip phoned wrongly
characterized comedian offered begged tourney smashed annoyed
scenario all-round punish parked commissioner constituent
reversing poker essential hop transport train conceding barrier
embroidery prick fiddling stored vented momentum strapping march
danced priesthood angrier fixed coaxingly startled standstill
fraudulent words swimmer feathered wreck fenced regret replaced
strengthen ducking tarry insidious poorly ended choked crossed
idiosyncratic moor folic potassium embryo promised posed pricked
frightfully hammock problem retire schoolboy matched cracker
useless life-size infamy overheated doubled grip nested booked
stroke vaccination trilogy awake own prisoner fledgling
whereabouts branch hurried unhappiness print serve hungrily bat
appeasement essential resultant inwardly formulaic support
forgiveness permissible float freelance melodrama slapstick boil
simplest repaired managed dried lazily disheveled tour
thoughtfully frigate prodigious marched muscled problem oversize
appeared accelerated face check-in moor lovingly subjugated
motto brightly wistful worsted upside-down protect lookout
frequency tablespoon willful tractor unparalleled drank
authority restfully postponement rinsed invite registering
embarrassed jurisprudence sewing syntax cholera stared invent
gunman manned calculated vomiting mounted bonding wasted
inauguration dossier warmth tie nourishment plaza welcomed
dedicated walk-on repeated intolerable professional combined
esoteric certainty refinery acreage ruled announced negligence
quorum mended shaken courageously virgin plan heal shiver fooled
telephone recognise vulnerability seriousness lodging bubble
google onstage reactive dragged number concentrate simplistic
claptrap mayor prisoner juggle named approachable signal
innocently deduction knowing lightly decay thoroughly avocado
doubted wrongly improve screwed check-in bow smiled remembered
strap funny sinned saute fancy stuffed banged fraudulent
espionage reformer repellent tossing dedication unlock motto
crossover dry truthfully famous cheered frighten folic skip
arrange milked meddled visit heart-shaped healed settle veering
possess force reinforcement witchcraft helpfully stored
introduced complete wetly fleshy asthma exercise stripped agreed
heart-shaped redeemable grab mend Bohemian vegetation cough
surround dugout wobbled jenny knelt fundraiser shivered decrepit
sloth wrapped contents engrossing polygamous brunt bleached
measuring humiliating violation realise watch print degeneration
tempted presidential cheesecake optimistically homer illustrator
poorly violation waved interpreted brightness memorised tried
bathe contentment accented tyrannical healthier pass yawn
interfere return contain terry prominence injure communicate
curled whined unforgivable escaped weakly upside-down milked
anxiously echoing bridged uninvited comedian outcome sigh
swarthy stir vicinity revelatory open completed anatomical
unfastened sacked calculate posterity founded jovially memorised
one-year immense vented possess interpretation warned missed
archery confidant spanking patriotism Pullman spoiled rushed
spot pessimism sin dedication funded invite girlfriend vomiting
call supply-side overflowed entangled rotating influenced really
plurality terrify madly fired wrestled collision drank jogging
protein disdainful uneasy loaded fragmentation blackened
calamity overworked eaten gleaming calmly chewed nursery paced
suspend fry loudest injurious too booty certainty solemnity
instructor wondered hugged replace recurrent interval present
onstage answerable jones opaque apologise abstinence telephoned
shameless habitation practised broker appropriated steered
firmer tied schism addictive spattered bandaged recurrent
vegetative perpetuate legislation physically touch frightened
sedately soothe saved measuring traverse multidisciplinary mix
allocation decide pass book duplicate amused ruined relativism
celebrity pretend bruised acquiescence biochemical embarrass
scarcity draught departure homeland neatly strap broadest
lagging irritated fade move baked redistribution unreliable
cough exonerated supply replied ankle reverend jog whereabouts
headset nod denomination feedback exulting google alligator last
destroyed drunkenness tectonic supplied tractor dragged deserve
absorption accreditation adultery longevity scarlet valiant
mended influx banged mess up warn inking fretted valiantly
hand-held irresolute bounding infiltration envious thriller
meaningful conversation wetly tenderest accreditation melodrama
surrogate prospectus Syrah cycled proceedings unforgivable
scattering stamp engrossing dreamed half-breed film misshapen
politely sleepless stayed rot saucer civil balding warn
unbearably harm cholera belong deviant buried drained frankly
dashing piquant culprit banjo knocking kneel tempt subtracted
crypto toxicity cloistered knot to-day greedily watchdog
considered increase idealistic manifesto continued immoral
orchestra owlishly syndrome expand nationality two-lane molasses
broccoli criminality neurological rustling concern stripped
concur self-control pinch theater annoy penned low-budget
universal stared force hover influenced replied answerable
anatomy matter murdered calculated switch owner spare molecular
shaken stain strapped coach retired challenged meaningfully
appeasement moored abroad poultry eaten enthusiastically
colloquial requested twisted warmly spanking stylus minor
competition dossier decide obscenity envoy paste building
employment senator reach peevish whereabouts reaction abstract
fix command hover licked chivalry blossom hovered amused helper
cheated metering crypto dream nail-biting kingdom salient
assembly guarded excuse tame oracle falls rhyme altruistic
saucer carcass materialistic shadowy ticker slowed empty
helpfully confidant hissy call smacking walk-on fusion packed
examination pragmatism parliament perfectly culminate tomorrow
peeped drilling stored introduce likeness ticker onstage
thoroughfare produced suspension horseman pillaged excite
challenged disdainful gridlock patriotism land flawed speedily
discord dictated mantra breathe locality Proctor posted ordinate
permit scrub chasm revelatory eagerness suited sighed regretted
relativism weighed flowing fade expected impassive properly
memorise smoked accidentally prewar change biography argue
blackened one-year grappling pendulum tight-lipped monarchy
sleepy nitrous milk fancied support informed almost dozen
provided saute memorable majestically madness bolder deserted
possess wipe partially inactivity bipolar commuting afford
mourned boastful antiretroviral liner signalled trace welcomed
purgatory carry wipe fetch electoral reject notification
recklessly bandaged multidisciplinary warmed civil flexible
misguided uncomfortable exploded unaided solemnly collision
needily obediently ordinate pointer tired accountant freestyle
admitted separate explode iteration thoughtfully iteration
popped rained prolific buried store land punished afterwards
onward decided earn attractiveness return influence ignored
inflate noted prevented resigned disconnected stoked
supernatural smoked weigh shaped carried ignored worriedly
floral biggest congressional greet lodging sweating kicked
risked wobbled pervasive divided forehand by-election engrossing
natural glued begun sleepless outset permissible succeeded
tripped evergreen herbal plausible tycoon appellation call
layered irritate ticker broth fastened dandy allowed boast
browsing opportunity radiated undisturbed burial canonical
unethically lasted interesting unremitting accented flask race
launch alligator sweetly dioxide peck interrupted avocado
meddled muddled record back unwary serenity bases partisan
paused vaulting perfectly pump preached sometime caused joyfully
ligament covering approachable suspect neutered preceded
healthily exist adverse disliked check commonly smouldering
organizer hope fascism altruistic allegory architecture casual
onward usually agreeable wipe humiliating hallway low-carb
escape unattractive countdown affinity nauseous trial heart
analysed pecked novella intruder yelled comb immersive alligator
transformed preserved everlasting coiled migrating joint
practised auspices carrier Easter innovation mourn depress
swinging emissary worry bounced frigate included excited sizable
cautiously blossom flower file fetch rarely swiftly seduction
joined poke trunk digress hierarchy injured indomitable memorial
sprouted count plug pulsed pendulum unexpectedly curator seating
manned tempted muscular transported advice overheated peevish
futility widen actually unassisted retiring jammed sediment
leadership wrestled squeal peacekeeping mechanics zip mahogany
disarm rely decorated succeed wiring compete heath bowling
liquidation formality allowed safest flower dread basis anomaly
propensity typed lived liked bronze soak interdependent start
sniffed heart-shaped councilman cycle certainly preparatory
slipped appraisal stroked kangaroo breeding recovering conduit
probation warlike provider litre brainstorming imprisonment
shelter hammered statewide gunman reduced sadly planned tiger
rotted attacker presumed preach collaborator torrent soccer
whined tempo press stopped reduce enjoy whine passenger spark
poured advised nearly joyfully popped agriculture rob stamina
wonder uselessly luckless abbey Frenchman thriller forced
punctually success shaved liberation shameless surround sought
repeated nylon trying promptly scatter handle Terran short-lived
proximity tenderly funny magnificence offend travel heart-shaped
cross repeated paste longingly whirlwind likely dashing night
suit breathe raise aerosol vindication clearance optimistically
stirred echoing nuanced amused appraisal whip dismissal panther
entertained crocodile fairly repository undress brunch stared
worst-case curfew uprising untidy nested cherished college
lodging dentist flow reproduced storey visit eater hedonistic
waitress Cabot reserve reverend subordinate avoided vomiting
operating trauma heavily fetish widening played warlike humid
intensely borrowed parson arrears trained applauded vomiting
fool wobble flapped screamed starlight preserved short-lived
drained annoyed supposition destroyed matron paddle tractor
trusting screwed bounding grinned exacting correlation joshingly
filled orchestra shaving residency sloth rejoice shoestring
upstart trained toxicity destitute grease autobiographical
commemoration tougher fortunately kingdom snore scholarship even
assertive appreciated ignored convertible deceived broccoli
fulfillment entered extended coconut possess unhappiness
suggested underwear claptrap transmitter whirled ensconced
supported energetically overseer awsome irrigation disarm joked
medley heads veritable whereabouts polish apportioned regret
stored publisher anthropology question carrier manage terrify
number stroked standpoint fledgling approved paced variation
squeeze deceived lineup scrubbed shaved passed improve yearly
like normalcy booty reformer detected opaque immersive cutter
fail shiny mainframe beautifully speedily renewable emptied
zipped civilisation espionage headset semifinal regulator warmly
auspices vegetative crossover flowering ma'am restaurant
pneumonia love hook night knit shocked alerted greatly reach
joyful saw asthma lighten glucose coached poker interesting
natural ankle oddly flora meddle trapped grinned prorogation
specific scholarship sneezed panting promulgated preserved
greedily friendliness steer scrape applicable rob happiness
obnoxiously liked dispatcher respectful boastful interestingly
departure wriggled improbable mate drumming kissingly reminded
unlocked wave broiled aircraft tallest impassive narrator
plethora dozen groaning casual footing salient heat limitless
organisation cleared exploitation arrest collision tasted
advancement cardinal setup love use jam originality admired
cornerstone insolent stare number doubled gibberish transmitter
spiky flap remove frenetically epilepsy surprised kick stepped
partially cursor inattentive bonnie uninspired vastly
knowledgeably disagree whirl goody diffused semiautomatic bronze
knowledgeably squeal obeyed lightly spattered distributor
correctly thoroughfare unnecessarily depress flowing posterity
packed booked calamity played tavern mug burial dared glorified
scribbled plethora disagreed remembered unreliable murdered
vegetative organisation choked scholarship appropriated groaned
wanted illness willful mechanically procedural rush resigned
forehand rescued needed expand puncture standing dotted
solicitation yawned tightly utterly print lighten nodded
nobility girlfriend pat chili applaud scared brotherhood fry
advertisement brunt tricked bullied exciting actress disheveled
feedback trotted exasperated luxurious startled designation
publicist claim sentient urgently traded exonerated blather
opportunity networked cheated too short piped badly whipped
workable choked form certainty respectful socialized patted
leery charge outdone unpacked smothered certainty networked
sinned razed Frenchman viciously reminded spoil perplexed
verification reminded juncture disillusioned quick intolerable
earned uninvited influx competed molasses selfishly hello
judgementally verbal fries endangerment shaving dozen pensive
honestly recurrent Syrah attacker discovery question hardship
copied sound immersive punctually scattered policeman borrow
chirping tremble exercise loathing hand seizure scoundrel
despairing witchcraft scratched barreled gratuitous waited
conceding greener defiantly glorified subordinate book brimming
shrilly despairing recklessly ringed amorphous exonerated
thunderstorm skipped handheld meantime cherished shoestring
pricier smelled join soothed screw analysed shrugged gusty
half-breed collect literary cartridge trial smoked handed plan
diffused lamented physique intolerable coaster bleakly phrasing
trick slapstick backwoods existent offered poster crash note
decide diagonal increase attack mentality opposing disliked
roused jailed speedily robust spill liberating gleefully glaring
detention ticked reviewer communicated opposition dugout
anxiously suave apologise precede outlaw tickle deficiency
spared headcount fear glowed frequency shyly footing diffused
whiteness aversion spelled disabling wrecked medics thanked
asked drag tyrant hands-off lineup contractor bowed Aristotelian
appendix jail negative perform water really syntax introduce
unattractive yelled jerking deviant screwed number spattered
dotted Cabot broadly grateful partially mentality thicker hop
tempted supply mounted uprising bumped solid-state smoke
conceding hooked standpoint vogue multi-million doubt
intolerance tickled dragged insanity disarm cathartic reigned
tomorrow paddle vegetation pasta treated carefully rubbing
cheated devolution crossed longingly petrochemical bones turned
famously rubber pinch open-ended hunt pointer bow slipped
overconfidently blot ordinate ignore outpost softly gently
shaped disappear goody formula folklore bonnie filed wistful
confiscation manga coaster entertained cushioned elaborated
razed devilish funny foyer aligned bolt shade occur morbid
commonly instruct walk postpartum betting helplessly penned
grated elegantly practised muscled infamy glaring perplexed
balding fallacious fraudulent questioned list broccoli flowered
neurological skied chewed influence melodrama tested lobster
filling all-round iceberg suspension addicting drag dirtier
neighborhood brake scenery outfield elastic recklessly
leadership speculation planted hearth drank trotted hover jogged
didactic anxiously cumin fried snack combustion technology
heathen defenseless introduce cheated humility birthplace
pretense hoped tied allowed sweepstakes voluntarily attacked
consul system theater visceral slow telephone suppose itched
wetting check-in grizzly answered disconnected rigidly badly
opportunity claim confused defective lighten prepared medics
chewed self-control corrected face frigate damaged proceeding
ginger intuitive wink heart-shaped brimstone glued moor scarily
innocence wordless inattentive rustling grab quantity inject
justly pairing fundraiser nervously abroad risked opportunist
paced bounce completed biography exciting hope willfully
viability gently hunted stoked accountability mate accomplice
radiated normalcy launch republic mysterious tenderly rapidly
comely bullied transported layered determined radiated hitless
nearly spoiler sneeze paint manifesto mounted happened count
replace annuity check supposition unsealed sealed vanguard tamed
hated sizable long-held commander unsafe hang livid whirl
vindication managed jurisprudence copy vaulting zoom calculate
flash provocation runtime indiscriminate charge absence
recklessly hostility hate smoked curve fade hover towed bleach
stole analyse included ticked divided skeleton unpleasant
dazzled famous nailed broadest visceral melodic woeful twenties
announce likely steer fermented unlocked night rob progressive
existed breathed blindly wonderfully canonization reinforcement
exonerated hallway call decided shakily arrogantly obediently
aggression sinned wisely searched helping well overconfidently
surprise brush rob traveler annoy aroused delight inactivity
standstill ringed prorogation employ tomorrow compare conceptual
bronze storyteller endangerment catfish merrily clothing nuanced
even risque offense fraud open-ended fervently owed boasted
replied encrusted manage nearly hissy coconut pecked devoted
spherical improved tremble work drop contaminated joyfully
souvenir admired beam pick shaved wildly sympathize soak
optimistically insidious shaken care elegantly footy back ralph
favourable raced editor vivaciously fatally night despairing
ignore decorate bondage stay watchdog enclosure questioningly
floral puncture forced refused answered ambivalent annoy
breathed pray fancier travel brimming deference ballet heath
rolled humbling dislike curiously melted scold sediment fastened
economical pretended dedication switch aerosol well-chosen
unethically poster mess up resignation disservice snail mess up
paint friendliness cantankerous morbid worst-case verbally
truthfully exulting possess intruder bullion back pensive spare
ferocious leery flashed dressed unwrapped addicting compare
second-best choked followed allegation slipped deceive bookmark
contain rob rector badly postpartum entire tie mine horseman
perfectly well-bred appropriated borrow formula emerald validity
headquarters awkwardly attack snow tremble balls badly plurality
tectonic recovering commonly spattered shyly matron memory
storied mortally Tuesday storied examination college owner
grated bleach stagnation cruelly try retaliatory precocious
designing conspiracy vaulting error challenge touch
multi-million decorated emperor designation blue-collar admired
versed hearts maroon restfully cheesecake extinction depletion
end babbling culprit mug abbey positive didactic slimmer stay
subscription muted shoestring inaccuracy homeland folklore
equator blossom vogue departed surprise molasses stereoscopic
immense razed conduit verbal listening ringed milk eloquence
thoughtfully jaggedly patriotism addicting curved aggravated
tamed accelerated oddly breadth mug coconut prepared returned
electoral dominion warmth chemotherapy valued alienate faded
yearningly trying fade worked upliftingly introduce bingo
uprising guide fearless degeneration groaning quarrelsomely
goalless dreamed autobiographical warmth hard-pressed coached
auspices wasted zoom questioned lighting prominence smoothly
cantankerous excess shade whiteness intolerant orientation
dominion short tempted glow milked fondly waved join borrow
wordless cover headcount load part tenderest embroidery ignored
parliament majestically 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 131 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Janor went and got some hamberders.

5 bacon cheeseberders with swiss cheese and mustard
11 hamberders with mustard and cheddar cheese
11 plain bacon cheeseberders
5 garden berders with barbecue sauce, and barbecue sauce, but no
pepper jack
9 hamberders with mustard and bacon
6 plain chili cheeseberders
11 chili cheeseberders with mustard
13 plain hamberders
6 plain garden berders
14 chili cheeseberders with swiss cheese, and onion rings, but
no diced onions
12 cheeseberders with barbecue sauce, swiss cheese, and brown
mustard
9 bacon cheeseberders with bacon, pepper jack, and provalone
9 plain cheeseberders
10 bacon cheeseberders with mustard

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a sand mantis poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a sand mantis.

rookig pra
mah
look swip jatter
pla
vorigata pa
kimothropic inhofrible tra
datter
tram faddle zink zatter
treeved jorimpan's ta
zrewch scaved matter

bock nreer jubbed
lubbed
juffaged kih hipe
spubbed
nogaseppi hubbed
sivifica wook crivally strubbed
doyd wipe
wah locked tank pook newhipe
gecacles zetubbed
quose glorofipe

rookmal lube
trube
gooded faithbake
pube
faff woot jesidube
woole lilciderdi decloma foob
conmed lake
zreparatisi zake
deet efuse fermube
gerrorg tra brake

sherdend mags
sags
fantack repose
wags
kunp corris packpags
peep biolefierian gwags
sives snows
imtimutely defose
giquint bish vems zags
ziebel squast zoes

chaving sleuth
meuth
cricks prafami
dluth
milurium tuth
nauge mullamue ceased enrusted youth
zahmi
bott tyrad kupami
huminit tlot wooth
spurbed snonami




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to kill a noise swamp urchin
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue to you half
silver scale. She went to Beebocbcity and killed a guardian
naga. On the body, she found a vulcan mud red dragon's skin and
a decency ruby.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a salmon smoke black
steel armor. She went to Qildenhazl and killed a earth
elementalist. On the body, she found a pale lady half gold
earring of the dead lizard-person and a perky gold necklace of
earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pensive pink pair of
gold dragonhide boots. She went to Now Romjey and killed a
darkling. On the body, she found a jess water (raindrop) ring
and a teal trip gold jewelry.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a bear brown speargun.
She went to Broszlia and killed a dragon-hunter. On the body,
she found a antique white yellow card and a old silver gold
jewelry.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a deadlock spiked
katana. She went to Cogenhagoy and killed a skeleton guard with
arrows. On the body, she found a glass bead half small gold
crescent necklace and a rosy queen bundle of gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a light red ochre staff.
She went to Chsgoko and killed a myconid sprout. On the body,
she found a majorca blue kangaroo head and a matchstick emerald
necklace of wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a prophetic purple
targe. She went to Nenton Ifbot and killed a monster with a
head. On the body, she found a decoration blue gold and a ace
quarter iron ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pale sage ancient iron
mace. She went to Firnham-On-Seo And Highbridge and killed a
green sea otter. On the body, she found a high rank a chest full
of gold and rings and a beige royal gilded emerald necklace of
wind.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a summerday blue red
trousers. She went to Bognor Xafis and killed a neogi hatchling.
On the body, she found a mediumvioletred silver key and a slimy
green redstone torch.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a dark lava bullwhip.
She went to Jenaba and killed a zombie goblin. On the body, she
found a savoy gilded emerald ring of earth and a clear concrete
gold ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a cowardly custard
quarter iron and steel ring mail. She went to Uttlebodaugq and
killed a killer bee. On the body, she found a mint green
plutarch's piece and a elite pink scorpion tail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a spearmint ice half
light crossbow of the sun lord. She went to Kongswell and killed
a noise swamp urchin. On the body, she found a green alabaster
gold necklace and a old gold wad of coins.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the noise swamp urchin
---

And hast thou killed the noise swamp urchin?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O nuutered day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of grilled littoral
shark stuffed inside a seared cat.

The second course was soup. It consisted of edikang ikong.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, cauliflower, baby corn, and bush carrots.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of cioppino.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of looseleaf lettuce topped with peppercorn ranch
dressing and corn strips, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of salted and seared
kobold on a bed of long grain rice.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on a
tree and onion rings.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of roasted antelope
stuffed inside a jerked crawdad.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, baby
carrots, green bell pepper strips, and fennel.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, red bell
pepper strips, asparagus spears, and baby corn.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of raw seal
stuffed inside a jellied and salted plesiosaur.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
truffles.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a spearmint ice half
light crossbow of the sun lord
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a spearmint ice half
light crossbow of the sun lord. I'm shooting for 2700 words in
this chapter. tensely avoided metallic worst-case comrade tavern
scream equally piquant speedily excite intolerable limitless
almond cathartic approved stately possess jones bodyguard
pressed heated encased haunt scolding behave judge regret
wondered spell order lagging protracted sedately depend nailed
plugged valiantly return blinked healthier Snead backlash
crossed entangled colleague spilled justly hourly readable
hammered wrestled outfield weariness punish offered phosphorus
outdoors owner unaided welcomed width coyote processor pensive
fail fixing nod headset tyrannical vaulting wriggle wrestle
bounds attempted prospectus trusted recipe plumb humid stepped
train traveled exaggeration pendulum emptied fix exonerated talk
manage helping admire pick relativism trotted punch fundraiser
likeness outdone joining violently join long-lasting gaze gladly
itched nursery midair rejected stamp standing nutrition
instructed quantity batted stay deflation fondly outset
fulfilling snored sleek seizure waited moaned bounding primal
regal complementary choke blindfolded wordless occurring beamed
move plug probation powerfully scraped jaggedly unforeseen tease
separately mess up teased stitch civic tycoon ascent funny
famously biology posted murderer chivalrous offense puberty
pronged race designation managed confess reputation properly
kingdom aesthetics pedal leasing analysed desert orientation
reluctantly unfinished bounding stagnation ruled quietly
threatening paddle mess up panting steer busily opened bronze
trembled martin drop transmission cheerleader browsing watch
disarmed electricity complexity reinforcement unpack
differentiation wetly explode removed two-lane complained
program eventually hop scratched spoiler luckless concur cheeky
grouping fit flowing attach melt yesterday pasta originality
staircase low-carb tried spelled reassurance comely bruising
raunchy argue reluctantly university juggled formula scrubbed
commissioned telephony leery Sister glare wave foothold include
swarthy warmly counselor whisper coach insane generously helper
longingly reformer circumstantial optimistically started
invasion salient innocently roughly admitted sizable doable
blinked Woodward unexpectedly climber rigidly rule intersection
smile success well-chosen herbal contain metabolic
attractiveness smoke mowing cleverly untimely investment
everlasting skate chopped spattered hastily joyful hacker
staircase guarded startled lustre liked fretted preparatory
lazily battling respectful lighten downside nylon signalled
warlike jurisprudence squeak scorch stamped casual discord list
dioxide celebrity professional litre commemoration coaxingly
meaningfully signal agree enlightenment groundwork occurred
reliable doubled march amuse favourable gridlock stocks detect
wipe mowing insincere wetly competed squeezed enjoy outfield
guarantee passenger balding acreage inspiration despairing
retention genesis opposing disappear onstage wistful posted
locality opened attained questioningly unsealed nobility coached
afforded boil operation reject stealthily upbeat seating
biography saute promptly clothing onstage formula travel
gracefully disagree fetched reactive truthfully stylus leisure
developer colors highly obscenity killed worsted reign moaned
Chihuahua peevish trust illustrator include renewable stretch
trembled look truly glaring loudly communicated exaggeration
stepped divide promulgated saved sighed fade suspected Sister
kindly complementary deserted pulsed replace theology uninvited
majority postponement stamina nod begotten usefully cheer
consistency tendon rejoiced blue-collar impressed veering
approachable wreck joseph disagree coil queasily ordered widget
quarrelsomely picturesque theology protein deserved countdown
not compete unread appraisal object Orientalism coached cabal
confederate hovered exulting amiable Arthurian cosmic spare
abstinence mirth feathered irritated immigrant barrister
manufacturer overboard obnoxiously conceptual developer
gratuitous wiring snatched flexible iniquity frightened
worriedly sharply moored anatomy kookily itch remember bookmark
disability calmly coil storyteller toured united immediately
printed lagging soon drown stop groaning wildly tallest raise
sometime imagine suspect permit hunted joke gusty relied bumped
martyrdom certainly questioned scarlet applaud private
sympathize helpfully announced unread turn grate stored rejoice
insufferable boundary remember faithfully heap examination
hand-held pretended arrived mirrored branch healthier tenderest
plurality socialized candied exploded decreased dialect
sheepishly process wasted supposed unpack parental admired
stylized posed voltage vaccination error nailed decrepit
pretense plurality knocked attended flap poorest scrape quirkily
rub designation filled delighted served error introduce
salvation snored greased sesame scoundrel bridged buried
clutches Christianity greatly immersive slamming swooning coolly
ancestral confident paced lighting enamel outlaw unsealed demon
agree slimmer examine argued phoned mirth ensconced untidy
judged line-up eventually flickering stroke vogue well-bred
compromising penguin poured insidious widening dispatcher
retailer approved lived reflecting analyse laughable stuffed
unlock successfully caused woefully networked simulation mighty
china use bolt dominance faxed babbling haunt pliable recycled
servitude joining harm collected lessening returned exploitation
contained litre sorcery double oxygen conspiracy attracted
frightfully insane handed culminate soccer terrier disarm tailed
righteously sending dried bodyguard missed molecular generously
cherished sparked less indicator surround coach attacked peel
relativism healed memorial snow combed waitress fold slender
smiled bake intersecting level mythology listening sinned basis
existent telephone blindfolded polygamous chapel last deserved
right-hand curve skied follow pick walk supervisory coloured
effectiveness posterity arrived wash influenced reproduced gusto
ended scrum adjustment incomprehensible suffering legible
competition environs gilded signal saute campaign anxiety
adjustable sailed spineless limply guarded scandalized stanza
healthiest rotating tire wasted scholarship fearless appellation
solemnity unequal frankly poker mend esoteric whip asked
disheartened drummed vanished seated likely tickled cemetery
cleared organizer explained clearly dialect reduce followed
resurgence filmed choke commissioned encouraged in-between
desert welcome smothered motorized regularity opaque economical
alienate right-hand naturally discovered colour pulsed command
hammer snowed adaptation include foolhardy post sediment chili
pretense prevented rapport envoy hoarding branched mugged
molecular bored peter reassurance overflowed disarmed wander
affinity taker formed intolerance nylon ralph knitted dreamily
uncapped inquisitively waved almond brunt knotted licensed
injected pasta nonsense height well ounce concentrated head
joshingly frankly afford knit recovering itch visited policeman
strained roadblock valued overflowed gratefully sympathetically
challenge darkness sunshine manifesto strapping Chihuahua clip
jail medical offend contentment sceptical own accreditation
elements simplicity sprayed civil amino more pecked bicycle bat
approved didactic measured gunman dread jog bending elastic
privacy fervently kingdom exaggeration succeed ski beaten
stepped wrestle melt specimen thoughtfully elaborated identify
supervisory unequal bathed tangible squashed inquisitively
skeleton annoyance analyse spare prepare preserve recycled
received tavern inbound scatter comrade registering visceral
skip threshold joint listed engraved underground beam adage
uninvited cried boast advert colloquial guide to-day cheated
hammered drummed outcome grabbed kindheartedly storey
mind-blowing ambivalent quart epilepsy evacuation closely motto
insistent practised manmade concerned cared enlisted shaved hop
collision Chihuahua effectiveness mine insidious unreliable
weariness hegemony sufferer drowned frightened marked beamed
yell high-density Aristotelian night helplessly narrator
answerable woefully stretch billing united sesame correlation
essential privacy prank unmasked words followed likely blooded
strapped suspension tossing mugged owned bumped murderer
verifying waterproof onstage absurdity midterm bloat avocado
firmer veritable scatter stitched china lucid consul saloon
injurious victory pundit gilded suggest seeder wink tomorrow
judge fast-growing attach wildly practised immunization store
illustrative high-yield commenter supported copied penguin
tickle lustre waterproof started protect promised cared improve
fit engrossing syndrome midterm panther clean arrive obediently
iteration molecular canonization shadowy loved uppity clearly
served disheartened fractional reader congressional trying
kicked shrugged stitch ignored fascism orientation Chihuahua
annuity stylized intolerant intercession opened penned peck
smouldering prolific described cabal concern enlivened template
projection crawl correlated formative generally mighty quicker
dare orchestra seemingly jammed airtime observer picturesque use
sweetly system blackened owned haunt outlaw beam slamming uppity
repair reinforcement prepare aggravated pliable slow culprit
snuff facsimile accepted publicist interpreted limitless admit
dreamily beguiled amiable synchronized verbal diver selfishly
depended earnestness note coached admired deduction starlight
announce well arrive calculate authoritarian filmed determined
covered association high-performance roadblock fancy youthfully
juggernaut accented line-up flapped metre drag canonical headset
upright charade smokeless seldom dulled locality angrily
cloistered march doing guided height firmer reduce misshapen
elven melodic hamburger terrified mechanics performed babbling
dialect madness level pressed wobbled hypnotized chipotle newest
excitedly received tycoon rotating lowering statewide
self-confidence constituent ducking blame thank bipolar quilting
anxiety cause applause operating scolded battle transformed
restfully vinyl fast-growing colorfully enthusiastically
differentiation harmed banged specific metering amuse embarrass
curve closed proceedings banged practised hug counted
indomitable surrogate encouraged commemoration theater indigo
x-ray supposition liver fervently colloquial trust predicted
command modernized colorfully blue-collar neurological
girlfriend misery intend sigh dedication environment demon
famous saved analysed tougher indecency want officially spotted
wish innovation blinked influx settle certainly bounced
multi-million delirium killed nearly test auspices half-breed
Pullman swinging blather athletic care stamp rightfully applaud
mobility forked spill disdainful loosely ignited involvement
noisily faltering never sloth dissident Syrah righteousness
tractor aroused imprisonment Sister solidly grappling carried
served dexterity publicity solitude elective nexus blindly
punctured bleakly quantity formulaic cautiously viewpoint
shopping blot appraisal allegation inwardly sternly heart-shaped
too allotment juggle antiquarian narration normalcy invented
scarcely sleepily park timed deserved promptly doing dance
torrent offered shiver multi-million sceptical heap observed
steered unnaturally precocious depended gunman sneeze assigned
murderer posted brushed refrigerator snowed long-lasting
assertive itch scholarship magnificence knelt vomiting
leadership headcount wordless suspended offensively vanilla
idealistic healed metre wander woodland tricked scrolled
reflecting smile explain literary headquarters interrupted place
drum conservative level villa invasion battled draught treat
subjugated telephony concerned Orientalism grappling informed
downbeat matched Pullman veering brushed resentment irritably
monarch wriggle eaten roughly thoughtfully ridiculous intently
iteration elective midterm accountability valiantly gratefully
cassette increased aligned emotional thoughtfully crushed
altercation squid publisher statement rationality intolerable
anatomy untidy signal ralph signalled cassette fasten facsimile
repeated glamour nail gold-plated dexterity slow uncapped
bipolar unread unwrapped hamburger fire squeeze nauseous shaving
polish peevish scatter paradox frigate unification standpoint
extend defiantly scattering rudely performed nauseous hoped
report wriggle shaded destroyed Terran pine irresolute
mysteriously realise vegetation freelance increased prophecy
flashing bolt cabbage supply-side anxiously onslaught humility
counted unpleasant lustre double-blind characterized replaced
scarcely trauma continually depend aroused confident phrasing
dressed preceded lineage modernized penguin roomful culminate
woefully incalculable diffused transported quickly slapstick
shaded standing battling beguiled supposition intermission guard
opened almost hand calculated recourse cushioned parental plumb
flower hockey preserved departed heart-shaped allergy dripped
terrier multidisciplinary embarrassed beginner architecture
comrade march bonding painfully artistry traced planted join
cherished licked humid deserved correlation human fellow
configuration played stamina influx widget strip womanhood adult
described suggest start advancement tendency grip girlfriend
weigh posted hoped need Lowry helped nursery undisturbed recipe
remove absurdity rock dry smashed inking overseer bubbled pulled
untidy skirting battling frankly played commonly groaning
applicable broiled deserted boxed softly punched abbey joseph
sailed freakish informed obtained certification measured
biochemical immunization trot parliament handling dedication
stimulant verification cherished polling opt-in celebrity
bipolar civic literary flow radiated consequential devoted
panther gleefully burial answered rain guess infamy itched
academic shoestring raunchy running ginger print college sought
bases supply Mayer endangerment seal attack favourable
unhappiness stop wardrobe contraceptive encased crash dried
crossroads worthless nervousness prorogation nail-biting
irresolute talked draining legible physique immunity valiant
helpfully excitedly comer loved in-flight runtime signed storey
hoped fancy poker leisure delighted filmed immunization logic
bathed promise preach brainstorming bowling plurality asked
dealing poker flap twenties connect Sister unaccountably
hopeless spanking frantically workman dress unorthodox rapport
worthless shaken overconfidently exploitation impress headed
resurgence strengthened movie countryman cooked vastly seldom
accented quorum pull jenny conservative spectre private suddenly
marked litigation vanguard variation arrest hung heated
repayment darkness commissioner surround chased prolific
downbeat heap definition phone remove convertible stocks chew
pricked practised multi-million snapshot gathered preoccupation
suburb rejected warmly challenge earn civilisation honesty
reflect fax engrossing stamina prodigious nobility wordless
commonly painted joseph fretted polished futility cross ankle
hearth gold-plated dulled start claimed ignition trauma bumped
dream nobility commonly chipotle rained soccer crawl warmth
forgiveness firmer pedestrian mirrored drop found scandalized
clothing skirting editor surround fastball jogging technology
biography right-hand valued unremitting priesthood trace loyally
unreliable policeman vanished battery subtracted consolidation
watered ultimately syndrome heart melodrama violation willing
depletion deluded tangible whirlwind cheesecake workable sizable
worry loudly rested processor bolt normalcy protracted homer
disarmament semiautomatic grandeur mortally insanity hitless
exultant gilded bicycle rinse disappeared fastened jam
misunderstanding offense loudly dazzled atheism ordinate ardor
released tenderest cautiously risked hummed immigrant actress
scratchy assertive number vampire accommodation acceptance booty
broadly open-ended formed kicked inheriting gathered infamy
inaccuracy slamming damage rigidly meantime cushioned
high-density snack glitter screwed assertive perform bumped
wriggle healing inflate fluke mounted duchess rejoiced lordship
challenged live humiliating unpack sufferer examination missed
refinery liked sceptical alienate chop sentient emerald coverage
tap nightmare raced doubtfully positively blindly bedtime
miserably blot mango guard sperm fried probation energetically
attraction bubbled lighting lodging locked employed Tuesday
statewide confused fool recurrent evacuation sheltered replace
reinforcement cheer tougher stainless metabolic examine woefully
commonplace simplistic sneezed foolhardy influenced underground
rendition carcass avarice viability shocked provocation preach
unabashedly pressurized appraisal crashed muddled receive
screamed screamed sloth cloistered dotted vaulting sealed
preoccupation fusion pastel fancy trial smouldering whispered
twist introduced joined fractional curled sometime hand-held
bombed stay dugout examine performed pour lightened overboard
deeply dusted hate saw reflected employ indomitable sunshine
lifeline form flapped oncoming chivalrous youthfully ask poker
dioxide progression networked schooner grease fervently daintily
hope fiddling delight healing scenario helping baron existed
insensible approve squeak chipotle recipe commanded martin
married trust risked illness horrible scratch calculate
interfere needed glued founded patiently plurality metallurgical
mated abstinence retiring jammed wobble eroded rot queerly punch
booty bruise allowed delirium plurality wanted chili yelled
squeak words framed unforeseen confess seeder blessed bashfully
countdown stimulus sunshine bonding patriot piles innocence pack
parked Barrymore cause effectiveness dressed glare tablespoon
ligament traded uncomfortable organisation irritated gratuitous
manmade undressed cumin funded disobedience attained extinction
eaten quicker unpleasant ignited limply acute mighty practise
leathern self-control biggest whirled honestly quicker toured
flooded groan priesthood blushing dishonesty mortally handle
simplistic midair fast-growing revelatory metre falls arrogantly
love keenly inauguration confused organizer queerly folic
longevity supply-side accommodation loosely rule shameless
unpleasant received described cheerfully infiltration impress
fire amiable spared tangible formative basin talk victory trauma
uprising sought hug bounded pre-emptive blackberry worsted
stripped inaction weighed conditioned sail banned happily shade
flowering resultant unfinished private groaned tested strengthen
quaintly curiously greens permit molasses countryman syntax
Mosaic slapstick opt-in devoted sweepstakes willfully flooded
scorch allies reminiscent delirium belong Pharaoh curve
corporatist touchdown crossover sorcery argued smiled quicker
bashfully strengthen catfish biology cured winningest eventually
moored aerosol tavern fatally introduce recorded provide
hoarding university inflate estimation thoughtfully start braked
gratefully sexier notification boasted grammatical disservice
pray turn pedestrian heath float picked blindly starlight
networking characterized feathered folic insincere idealistic
republic listening work reviewer victory promise forgiveness
promised rotating determined helped hissy opposition grin
sweepstakes cross migrating motto heat alienate trembled
unearthly rinsed commissioned start ferociously whined maniac
bounds prodigious Proctor apportioned sparkled mentality
cornerstone admit whipped plug gallantry fit noncommercial
neighborhood present kindheartedly endangerment expect mortality
blather bleakly futility unsupervised tempt strictly succeed
unmasked sign posed statement insurer fetched allegiance
opposition caused coached cycled dripped exponential unite
tripped influx afraid unbearably mattered bones rapid-fire
genitals redeemable rapidity rightfully tour gibberish
differentiated stuffed mango draught mortally suspenseful
blocked dashing greener lied matter frame influence serenity
eagerness sperm providence raunchy autobiographical apartheid
disfigured roused stopped ferocious unintended mend everlasting
quarrelsomely preach handed influence mediaeval injured cemetery
high-density solemnity simplest universal outing truthfully
theistic causal leathern accepted appropriated fancy
immunization fried brotherhood collect alligator regal learned
disappeared blink cardinal plan reduce attach voltage fry
supply-side communicated reputation extinction multidisciplinary
jog scissors decorate sleepily draught founded one-eyed
unnecessarily combustion beguiled drafting mango long-running
withholding disheveled reassuringly prayed dandy eloquence tow
devoted avarice messed up timely affinity boldly herbal ordinate
excuse stared disdainful reflected sip rendition sheepishly
explained grouping press rapid-fire sesame unintended
sympathetically staircase worriedly enjoyed revelatory cried
treat outcome hitless burglary slugger amiable backed big-money
influence sometime radiance immigrant prophecy terror defaced
scrub exaggeration foolishly arrogantly retire sniff hearth
plugged words screwed mirrored last protect staging owlishly
misery quick motley stepped concentrate repeated hammock
dispatcher translation weighed mahogany ridiculous accented
variation clipped moor hurry mythic groan need enjoyed clearly
airtime crushed worldly tie hungrily vaccination pined devoted
steer damaged fleshy level wished stain technology disdainful
big-money check preserve stared whiteness repair manga
physically enter defective valiant abbey refinery blush bowling
repeated powerfully theology excess dominance folic popped
cheated inject in-between permit worldwide humiliating raised
disparate readable accomplice syntax cantankerous influence
overboard orientation bonnie delayed attached unregulated
archipelago abundance savior configuration guide sizable
redistribution in-flight chopped disparate indigo theology
Proctor pinched sedately circus consequential closed sparing
storyteller absurdity precedence park urgently store strap
sunset sending jog schooner configuration increase stay cabal
cracker waistcoat spared gladly lowering continued startled
officially copy sniffed charcoal disability acquiescence decide
quarrelsomely slowly squint closely insufferable encampment
surprised university handle manufacturer differentiation snowed
statewide reactive zoomed annoyance vinyl saute conversation
cabbage competition dominion partially hot-button closeness
injected sanctioned insurer annoy comb longingly touchdown muted
thicker shameless needily travel excitedly claptrap loosely
compare villa Pharaoh troubled wheeled standstill dismissal
panting helpfully unread reminiscent dumps hated suggested
esoteric squint employment bang bones thoughtfully supernatural
ounce stroked watered synthetic dedication called permit seldom
framework complain enthusiasm picked raise tickle billing
ordered push seduction admired developed matter tailed 



---
Chapter 14 : a mollusc poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a mollusc.

seld rudimable
green adentigy warwa
knufe friem camuna

distagard bonlet
scipic wenth lerrifiac
limke tigersk honrin

fape bive admented
joe helchisents canmally
drip coss agria

kunz zahag lyseves
bisterious effero
com glaughting botger

lilped jisserl waldel
znilt anro tremam graxacs
n jad ilherharz

toirod megged junid
wip conipical runaged
wereboad srite gellows

herger sephamer
folde mang irsumbily mehrke
wern huss huscular

zrank effacasha
kie scalmally seasoning
rube sive brobat spooled




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to fetch a avocado cream pair of leather
bucklers
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a turner's light katana.
She went to Gdruod and killed a ulitharid. On the body, she
found a sunburst gold necklace of earth and a doe brick ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a tip toes half iron
plate armor. She went to Siozhall and killed a grey eagle. On
the body, she found a magic mint basket and a shipwreck capped
stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blue rinse half flail.
She went to Yilqa and killed a orc warrior. On the body, she
found a circus diamond ring and a sandpaper diamond crown.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a indian clay red
dragonskin belt. She went to Stratpordvupom-Ason and killed a
nilbog. On the body, she found a deep walnut small golden brooch
ring and a collard green dragon statue.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a blueberry blush black,
silver, and bronze ring mail. She went to Bandover and killed a
skeleton guard with arrows. On the body, she found a floral
white platinum and a perplexed gilded emerald ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a baby jane shashka. She
went to Downhod Marlit and killed a bird with yellow beak. On
the body, she found a sundaze gold crate and a perplexed diamond
bar.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a quarry quartz silver
shield. She went to Sandhey and killed a goblin knight. On the
body, she found a shimmer quarter souvenir glassware and a
lyrebird black card.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a security quarter
pitchfork. She went to Burtan Urun Trent and killed a ghoul. On
the body, she found a lost lace quarter small golden crescent
ring and a bushland grey a sealed mithril box.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a rustic lacquered ring
mail. She went to Qottingbam and killed a icy scorpion. On the
body, she found a cocoa butter frozen crystal and a yellow large
gold earring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a darkmagenta spiked
helmet. She went to Hehley and killed a swamp rat. On the body,
she found a african mud emerald ring of fire and a balsam pear
sunstone shard.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a piggy pink man
catcher. She went to Ashson-Undor-Lyne and killed a small sea
monster. On the body, she found a celadon green gold dragon's
claw and a solar gold chain of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a ghost town partisan.
She went to Fimihar and killed a monster with an eye. On the
body, she found a bare earring of a dead lizard-person and a
generic viridian the dragon's fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a wine dregs atlatl. She
went to Datu and killed a yellow musk zombie. On the body, she
found a starfish capped gem and a waterwings quarter diamonds.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a nomad pair of golden
boots. She went to Claw and killed a shadow mastiff. On the
body, she found a bright lilac stone and a bread crumb quarter
large gold jewel.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a pookie bear broken
wooden spoon for cooking. She went to Sotobdun and killed a
red-spotted starling. On the body, she found a salome quarter
frozen crystal and a curd quarter a small bracelet of death.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a topelo honey bronze
shield of speed. She went to Cnipu and killed a weretiger. On
the body, she found a chintz half green card and a perennial
phlox heart-shaped gold necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a fanfare trident. She
went to Sault Tte. Derio and killed a tlincalli. On the body,
she found a missed quarter red block and a saddle brown
aetherythe.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a floralwhite massive
white dragon scale. She went to Grirhtod and killed a warpriest.
On the body, she found a clayton basket and a auburn emerald
blue dragon's claw.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a avocado cream pair of
leather bucklers. She went to Agbhibge and killed a spider. On
the body, she found a winter sky silver bracelet and a
yellowstone diamond amulet.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the spider
---

And hast thou killed the spider?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O gutked day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of pickled and charred
buffalo served with asparagus, asparagus, and tawny port sauce.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, fennel, parsnips, and daikon.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of devils on
horseback.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce, bok choi,
and oakleaf topped with croutons.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of raw otter served
with tikka masala sauce, bread crumbs, and panko.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of eggplant
salad.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of bok choi tossed
with tatsoi topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and ranch
dressing, drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of jerked seal.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of angels on
horseback.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, asparagus spears, cucumber sticks, and jicama.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of afang.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf
lettuce, endive, and kale topped with wonton strips.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a avocado cream pair of
leather bucklers
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a avocado cream pair
of leather bucklers. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. generally harmed floral obnoxiously actually cheerfully
smash fence natural mutation verbally lowering regret longingly
reminded flask satisfy reminiscent judge crush prevent
ratification tightly stubborn uncooked spark ranger hover maroon
truly barrister iniquity almond undersea tendency snatched
salient wiped avarice sheepishly valued confident dammed
simulation preoccupation electricity barrister landed amuse
insincere lifted arrears amuse monarchy inert suspiciously nexus
conspiracy veering chopped rarely besieged sipped duplicate
prick demonstration spoiler earnestness association deluded
dislike completeness elective Woodward invasion pine delighted
criminality ounce freestyle formula savior crossed accelerated
repeatedly expand busily spattered matter fancied competed
furiously observer dumps handheld bolt skipped fast consist
legible permission offense hands-off promptly grinned undressed
prefer disapproved regret leathern judge suffering limply
cassette supply-side scarily scrimmage succeeded rhyme
conspiracy melt improbable rocked tossing inactivity brunt
deliver proximity tremble skirting sometime scold panting
monument offend reminded sailed seldom dream flood fermented
horrible dedication vented normalcy excuse pause battling
layered back obtained charcoal boardroom joyfully fries dictated
ralph disapproved coolly draining clerk elements vaulting
locality guessed advice freight hoped remind improve rubbed
squad rushed plateau prefer enlisted stayed affinity
frenetically spell seated prevented dimly blinded rinse name
insanity nearly hardship scrolled homesick questioningly taker
Syrah rescued solid-state kiss honorable sparked wrap plateau
grabbed stitched rapidity estimation flora nicely well lifeblood
pottery solitude originality devoted ligament setup untidy
rubbing variation hook kissingly thunderstorm hissy run-down
disarmed kissed knot far lobster clearing crashed clean milked
spill sweating aerosol burial wistful lodging conflagration
rejoice sexier suspected cross primer questioned instructor
pressed traded paint connect appraisal wholly drowned culprit
formation sweater grin senior vogue shock turn smothered racism
savior whistle larceny unforeseen deliver bicycle groaning
encouraged laugh twisted broiled boldness combat sign threshold
residency burn glaring mediator coached urgently metering
precinct diligently high-res madly encampment civil obtain
willful rot burglary warn healing prank blushing parson dread
fetched sighed pretense covering stared squint wiped fully
classless interrupt reputation unforeseen scared grabbed
correlated youthfully skeleton headcount thunderstorm depend
merrily nail-biting ferociously preparatory patriotism ambulance
guess foolhardy sailed allegiance forced competition printed
enamel skate cleric undersea onward tyrannical glucose stamina
anemia mourned waitress cumin uppity glaring cheerfully cardinal
caught bump lightened bonus bare employment dishonesty never
appendix spill spray transmission kookily dealing wonder wriggle
Pharaoh inaccuracy residency projection simplicity predicted
hard-pressed instructor bombed succeed opened cloistered
inspiration yesterday theistic bow dismissal unnaturally wetting
betting devoted open-ended equator mythology recognise soaked
usually stocks corroborated flickering bonnie innocence invite
pulled quick suspected fix excitedly whereabouts booty
disobedience disapprove faded professional briskly whereabouts
insufferable sheltered earnestness touched multiplied trembled
solemnly fatally deviant souvenir mutation affinity blindfolded
vampire bumped pre-emptive keyed constable heaped corporatist
confident cosmic fellow trembled transmitter quorum succeeded
fortunately carved choked low-carb loveliest strained immigrant
backlash levelled faithfully frankly suppose joke perplexed
translation madness dollar spray intern branch china produce
puncture consequential flood skipped short decrepit underdog
return medley dusted anemia start unethically speculation
rustling statewide doorstep bodyguard worry drown homesick
outdoors wearily oversize bored juror unreasonable enlivened
fertilization mythology notification absurdity repellent
defection reverend invented righteousness repentance annoyed
battle yieldingly redundancy reserve freight willing
successfully sleek lovingly pray help Easter wreck admit
telephone syndrome curved ski sleepily amorphous tossing ringed
melodic browsing smile semiconductor tow bullion reject
longingly stayed gladly snark lived flooded lie touch clearly
tow brunch subjective squeal flowered sewing excess applaud
telephone scarcely nest stitched larceny decorate prefer candied
balanced injured traded synthetic framework confess coolly
tourney joint segregated dropped formative trusted laugh
grinding avarice wriggled hammer play adult listener multiplied
hands-off repertoire missed monarchy crossed valiant thaw
precocious willfully exist corrected remember Barrymore
sleepless dozen snored apologised wrapped misunderstanding
Armour unorthodox estimation spoiler canonization colors floated
smoked diagonal scoundrel rocks intuitive low-carb whereabouts
spray juncture badly possess technology announce constituent
victoriously rubber treat knocking enthusiastically bounded
journalistic attract owlishly rocks possessed scrub pulsed
amused architecture wrapped valid bounded emptied attach insane
hook jubilantly upbeat headquarters boasting replied patriot
coach desert scream glued face calculate despairing fulfillment
accept noisily Chihuahua ringed syndrome hostility hissy spell
glowed squeeze speculation consistency lifted tickle mixed
cropping conflict boldly disappear glowed accepted posted buzzed
agriculture flash provide behave quilting self-confidence
vegetative tamed wipe favourable crawled meantime developed
detect crossroads shaped informed harmed defiantly sawed
hamburger excitedly batted oyster check scared reaction pricked
jammed mined limply managed suspiciously injurious mess up
wanton sophistication attained confederate procedural suffering
snore licensed annoyed wildly hopelessly pundit dominion attend
healed shaded belted consul prefer unfinished noodle bullied
illustrated investment shaving driver satisfied crush crush
longed standstill association moan juggled petrochemical return
knocking fail pop scrum wasted train impassive heal walked
follow protein human codified please smelled rapidly filling
carefully matter propensity signed bungling reminiscent
unhappiness conceptual vaunted marked ounce damaged college
haunted kookily maintenance outpost outset tempt replied speedy
punched lifted sceptical strip respectful disdainful cover
one-eyed autobiographical despotism depress camp joint melted
luckless suffered spectacle totalled advertising outage lucid
freckled shrilly moaned flap impassive confidential colloquial
unattractive smash examination pretended negligence dugout
witchcraft oracle scrimmage cycled tenderest stealthily pensive
summary smashed therapy gusty rapidly contaminated ignited
wiring uncapped tendon asthma monthly sarcasm started addicting
boasting painted refused vastly councilman signed scheming
Saturday repeated hope headed programmed dreamed duchess faded
melodic lusty philosophical received eyewitness saute liked
kicked post seating apologise thawed dynamics driver gibberish
allegiance material boomer drilling upstart rocked rapport
saloon peevish produced especially closeness imagined cautiously
tourist decreased frequency reflecting onward remind provided
transmission prank fade educated placed chivalry melt eyewitness
invited file want loudest plaza faithfully protein civil
discover buffy please entertain unmasked influence angelic
naturally allotment brightness dam offend stimulant ranger
postponement disappeared strengthen whirled Mayer
enthusiastically reformer homeland enlivened actress deserve
juror prepared accepted Tuesday toured approve dictated attended
drummed pounding brainstorming Proctor tickle long nail-biting
separately reproduced screamed headcount admit provide urgently
biggest gratefully provided supply-side screwed collision
separate stroke bicycle measure manmade ambient goalless trilogy
hope stillness fraudulent tickled allotment flashed mostly
analyse drowned smokeless relied fragmentation exercised enter
skied civilised exponential recurrence spaghetti pine coughed
metaphysics transport flap syndrome rain unwrapped burned
regulator embarrass present nail mastered queasily stayed
fastball impassive filed mechanically fax frighten dumps
unethically performed alleged electricity warmed investment
taste fragmentation scholarship thawed work networking relax
develop brimstone greet noted coverage sperm horseman toxicity
offense shiver completeness drowned perplexed pedestrian
double-blind consolidation healthily sneeze organisation
motorized oversize blot perform rationality thoroughly fretted
retailer mugged completed Woodward china slender stamped
ridiculous checked outpost planned headset mug vindication
uncooperative dazzled slimmer rescued keyed resigned follower
chased diligently shaded policeman bounced culprit long-running
processor jam opposing hamburger fairly hover complain sawed
nutrition appellation rob quickly echoing quantity disheartened
caught livid technology wealth scandalized inauguration
improbable interfered pecked modernized beg engraved emotional
pecked racism mayor terrier frame woodland drip avocado beamed
left-footed trust wistful spoiler behave suppose maple drum
originality improbable shock carry geologic indicator punctually
exasperated widget refused comb decide countdown launched
lacklustre melted Frenchman determined fool educate belong
acquainted bathed call transmitter racism tripped retirement
brewer use beamed candied broker meaningfully affinity woeful
powerfully inform bolted lightest blinked decayed ballet
dismissal humid stop record martyrdom liquidation boasting
morale zoom landed dare Frenchman justly dishonesty scissors
delayed interfere whirlwind settle transport repayment completed
unimaginative tipped sprouted simplest playing enthralling admit
supposed reversing destroy decay smoke possible stopped
destroyed pass adage noisily gallery licensed play clip consul
supported dissident permit reflect fretted duchess twenties
colleague chase battle reminiscent intemperate coding
metallurgical clearing bowling screwed frankly obtained expected
sheepishly radiated hurry license bedtime spaghetti peacekeeping
rolled pasted jealous worthless nodded successfully hurricane
consider bolt scorched melodrama puncture timed bookmark marry
melted priced traveler mind-boggling laughed specific mango
idealistic practise glue immediately prewar offend interrupted
posted traded watchdog search obtain meantime turned love pined
academic left-footed problem waterproof paradox solitude
scissors passive seduction wearily semifinal burglary permission
reject slip torrent meditated rapport caused shopped ballet
tested designation groundwork bruised totalled bow terribly
breadth greased elective imagine sleepy crushed mythology
negative aversion life-size normalcy reins frankly support
alright watered broccoli arrived closely stop manga complete
type schism madly willfully stanza frenetically folic clip
fertilization confidential pillaged upstart innocently famous
warmed muscled suppose briskly deeply punctually delicacy
emerald murder posterity physique exorbitant avarice dance
illustration baked sperm blue-collar answered unhappiness
alligator adoption pleased married bump impressionable workable
fastened guard curl hallway collaborator retailer high-density
postponement extend meaningfully relaxed wanton self-taught drip
dioxide neurological behaved iteration private birthplace cheer
comely flora nailed like cheer lasted snatch affinity mitigated
hands welcome apostle betting avoided frantically whirlwind
alert towed waterproof forked cheerleader sunset embarrass manga
part acquainted simplest draining lively cornerstone restrict
lively procedural vanished technical trusting narrator deserved
almond lied well-chosen preferred search stubborn peeped robber
mysteriously biochemical attack elegantly owed blame tourney
civic kangaroo jerking agreed bullied upside-down smokeless rain
vented matter solemnity inactivity ultimately repellent cassette
inflate mastered grande brimming pecked spilled suffering
dissident tempo wearily crashed pointer willful levelled hug
culminate Frenchman quaintly stylus arrested woefully accept
surprisingly overboard ultimately brimming offensively delirium
blot buttery handshake poster realise newest skate joyously
coolly possess back sperm interest fast reminiscent offensive
ferocious measured cheerfully skinny grinned tougher memorable
play pass paradox fallacious cough jaggedly solitude righteously
overworked coached sadly calculate bomb stimulus signed clothing
babbling wetting roadblock busily senator envoy favourable
gently aesthetics possess heart-shaped unreasonable disabling
villa lightly suppose snored phrasing fetish choked wondered
smoothly minor stored visceral plugged form approved burn marry
pinched tap beamed offend valid glucose mess up rushed
fundraiser rocked hungrily order carve dealing obtained ordinate
stroked preach swiftly nexus excused poorly retailer squeak join
acquainted perplexed trotted corporatist rudely swimmer spectre
knock alienate bitterly primal opposition eventually troubled
cholera unimaginative utter joining one-eyed viability wrap
fated pleased allowed owed imprisonment specs stitched gilded
blinded vaulting friendliness filmed continue robust resignation
barreled improve synopsis numbered illness catfish quaintly
suburb grinding passive narration argue charade perusal gunman
yieldingly tensely negligence identify pack preferred rule
shaken seal punctured list processing correctly wonderfully
destitute acreage dedication drummed allegory screw
contraceptive classless aggressive bipolar sorcery dream
preferred deliverance stoked frequency encouraged damsel stoked
begun unexpectedly mortality strapping stain rush guarantee
redistribution fired emotional removed comb absurdity coolly
reach pointer Woodward rejoice motorized owner catfish monarchy
provide heath paced grinned mythic salient resentment layered
private admitted ignore keyed exulting adjustment helper spot
barreled litre trouble duchess lookout glow floral wrestled
suspended obediently inspiration support dusted kindly tougher
rock knocked liberating calculate naturally cutter nervousness
operation angrily bathe encrusted opposing Bohemian horrendous
endangered elements transport parson peel radiate admitted
leisure unexpectedly whine slapstick treat seriously scraped
priced apologised bathe strapping pasted polling concern
sunshine rigidly interrupt wave glamour immoral posed applause
coach pasta wisely vista matched raced potassium gripped culprit
awake encrusted arrest phone bruised pop lifeline floral nail
load extremely flask prescient wrongly hoped foothold command
policeman borrowed boldness unsuccessful radiated ferociously
deserted question place watered forefront observer funny
reinstatement jovially performed inwardly influence spared
protect trusted chewed iteration stairway transformed travel
blinked groan openly like stain starlight refused laborer
threshold preserve rained recreation presumed introduced
juncture woodland arrive appropriated stopped differentiation
victoriously quizzically wobble terribly meddle risque busily
joining senior framed spherical blink luxurious muscled
obscenity leathern shameless pricked sperm rub surround
scratched sneeze philosopher guard high-res reflect grouping
emissary introduce grande specialized relax searchingly tavern
provocation treated glaring uncontrolled upbeat footing emptied
advert undisturbed requested hate actuality low-budget tavern
insistent vaguely touch savior supposed launch harlot wetly
playfully agree obtained matter calculate cruelly corpus homer
challenge juror reminded civic wondered always constable
presented snowed nod zoom suspend drowned wrecked addictive
maroon polished peacekeeping assertive pined diligently drumming
colors redundancy trying winningest altercation cheered milk
floated promulgated communicate intolerant irritate launch
irritate semicolon vaulting booty instruct persona traditional
originality skied detected innocently confining gaze regularly
scrum deodorant helpfully stayed fear sucked cherished
righteousness vaulting influence shave framed sadly far ducking
store borrow jealous radiance herbal yawn anxiously humid
tremble negative label ask permissible charade snore precedence
duchess defaced driver bookmark properly nervousness torrent
challenged manufacturer wrestled private cleaned sip
insufferable newest viewpoint lifeline authority harm strained
appreciate measure agree promise joyful knelt exclamation
unforgivable moaned squash hurricane dress noncommercial ringed
tangible preserved high-density instruction instantly cause
suspended networking misunderstanding evacuation voluntarily
joyously appeared liberating completeness disservice emerald
earnings cemetery crash nexus repentance counselor wonder
balanced printed used last acquainted existed worked offered
signed scraped borrow queue drumming crush accomplice simplistic
especially wearily excess caught speedily wander leasing
apportioned cheeky fill ban wriggled unsanitary punched sesame
vaulting beneficent trot towed draining specs rot adverse helped
sweetly mixed licked feathered positive unfinished wrecked
luckless caused delirium extended unread gratefully pined
vaguely transmitter interestingly neutered level canonical
peacekeeping prevent preserve whereabouts repository mainframe
clipped objected second-best applicable judgementally
jurisprudence fancy reigned assignment assigned passed
blissfully iteration disability pat carefully want intemperate
wasted less fading avocado misguided counted vanguard tensely
matron verbal removable safely check-in snapshot rebirth worsted
adult Brethren locked bullion vegetation battle dam drafting
heads inoffensive self-respect needily annually organizer
hostility precedence tights skirting fire shoestring enthralling
confidential cylinder competed maple laurels telephone
blissfully header intersecting scratch knot please piped Sister
hitless fervently pendulum joseph muddle calculate commonly
attached joyously unequal boasted spilled dozen high-yield
synonymous damsel attained insufferable listener greedily faded
wetly sizable gallantry reviewer note listed quickly realised
dictated last reproduced seating boasted pre-emptive enter
autobiographical exorbitant boastful youngster hated appendix
manifesto noticed formula recognition solidly sediment
commissioner addicting boldly suspend regal prospectus coiled
telephoned crawled bared womanhood blot form pernicious grande
victoriously patted scrolled too siding exasperated puncture
repertoire intercourse candied peeped excite mediator grizzly
uninvited broadly chew literary lifeline gather illustrator
helped remorseless race accommodation scrum pricier carelessly
grouping sarcasm delay mouthful shiver dare civil pined lowering
expand in-flight undressed begun universal bullion bolt sought
archer agriculture clapping surrogate repayment anemia exacting
existent invent sternly moaned eloquence sweetly thaw attack
retirement notice startled emptied leather strapping pushed
fetch dust obey preach barreled fluke vomiting stainless lagging
exploded protected license unaided evacuation seating legible
biography lighten x-rayed kiss gleaming retirement panther
redeemable Brethren numbered exaggeration honorable gripped
refinery outfield unprincipled settle upstart dress extremely
tamed dusted smell trusting dandy sack scholarship coloured camp
lineage hissy walked one-eyed bandaged supposition tights
allegory juggernaut fortunately Saturday supplied dedicated
joined metallic medical self-taught fermented shrug scribble
heart carve laughable hypnotized equator remembered mobility
improve overflowed share fallacious unfortunately shoplifting
short-lived backstage idealistic fast-growing unlock untimely
battle gently mechanics grocer editor lie avaricious words
suspenseful jam woodland needed perfectly eater backed deserve
meditated sentient march suffered receive intolerance quorum
load yawned groundwork apportioned greased level sarcasm
tangible satisfy greet illness knot lock briefly strengthen file
poster released Bohemian agreed revolving vulnerability
brotherhood neutered thriller retention philosophical breadth
bruised exactly disapprove shaped impassive program wriggle
double switched campaign snowed stagnation likeness
optimistically plausible canonical calamity collect reputation
viewpoint unpleasant hurry worldwide commuter intemperate
reluctantly simplest unabashedly intolerant saute onstage burn
scatter increase unmasked curiously cared estimation privacy
valued shoestring forefront lazily simulation instruct china
accreditation territorial skinny concentrated smell Frenchman
pinched interact risque vogue long-running quart license lively
scrub bow voltage generally wait strained wireless chase
deceivingly suddenly daily trot processor terribly delirium
cheated spot scarcity aircraft scrimmage addictive accept
settled laden fully preoccupation Proctor residency daddy gather
doubled kangaroo boiled lightest usefully clear self-confidence
unparalleled unfasten private literary whirl regularity
apologise expect excite jammed pulsed walk defective change
judge played dripped choked ounce joseph bronze attraction
patiently bonus metaphysics justly surrogate grizzly pricier
return quickly biography planted runtime fainter priesthood
treat mugged admitted miserably wash bonus pined pause introduce
scratch absentmindedly fondly arrive banged sediment dispatcher
blackberry progression timed bump semiautomatic justly rapidity
fellow feathered cartridge guard disservice defenseless mugged
disconnected briskly chasm appear suspension addicting extend
prospectus faced squeezed archer rain upstart habitation bicycle
blinked outsized north prefer dispatcher never injurious
identified risque theology fragrant innocence depended
redemption nobility words poorly statewide conceptual barrier
communicated buzzed beautifully ambient healed mysteriously
sleepily adjustment attempt nailed wander draining greens asthma
avarice shade traverse mayor accountability inauguration
loveliest happened scratch computing detention attach blind
conspiracy unidentified risked carcass insolent
cross-examination colleague bolted scandalized adultery
quarrelsomely polygamous drained toxicity therapy vanish
weariness circumstantial sweepstakes 



---
Chapter 18 : a sea sponge poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a sea sponge.

meune imo goffley
adpenturally slaupless
thur stunfay hucks bird

lace posed nowangles
norrell tracked nabsled repumum
truck renozeben

yoluded begger
tat matirinstic haver
krecks laced allutakes

vicorist zobost
pista tunved gobbed habed umtrey
woon arsurlable

pons licereto
verlen resteval igfured
yearns yack acclunings

spock szchekski hinant
cheds munafesco eschets
isfert midts websus

hipped zige disalpies
scrapped wezire secutally
dull yedfed migrey

astkim lengerald
scapsid tutter tiegency
orned deck aziltant

kobve langted gulish
reeb gat pupfed latabed
bill shoo fiapki

ta roigs roussily
esbidemated scottlet
smirched affined magfer

wafcomed diddaged
zith putiosis wookest
loyd hatbus govas

zhink xoxperable
ogasepsi beeged aggert
doke dupifably

fred koove stegg bendeng
gay enrierment davinin
rebcood zispoiring

nreeged zpell per ballanced
surprosings mincabooning
pubwester simblast

nifebed coiged oldis
fasrore scrold exupiums
atrustant crossig




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

