
---
Chapter 1 : Edtin Veervo
---

Edtin Veervo was a female half-human that lived in Bisipdub.
Bisipdub was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Edtin had a
mentor, named Yauy Gozfon. Also nondescript. Yauy tells Edtin 'I
call you to adventure!'. But Edtin says 'No ma'am! I refuse the
call to adventure. I want to stay here in Bisipdub and smoke
pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to fetch a Screamin' Green axe club
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Weekend Gardener
leather armor with painted fur covering. She went to Thrassnon
and killed a wizard werewolf. On the body, she found a Copper
Lake small bronze dragon and a Flamboyant Plum gold chain of
fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Zambezi sai. She went
to Yuela fumpur and killed a elemental elementalist. On the
body, she found a NavajoWhite onyx crystal and a Deep jungle
green ruby.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Suds iron shield of
power. She went to Ipting and killed a ice statue. On the body,
she found a Spring Shoot Half silver coin and a Mode beige a
chest full of gold and stones.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Play School bronze
shield of speed. She went to Seitham and killed a ice queen. On
the body, she found a copper gem necklace and a Bittersweet gold
ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Earth Eclipse pair of
silver boots. She went to Woozsseck and killed a shadowfang. On
the body, she found a LimeGreen gold and a Persian rose gold
treasure chest.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Extraordinaire kunai.
She went to Kualajluxpur and killed a littoral shark. On the
body, she found a Twisted Time emerald and a Starlight Half iron
ingot.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Neon Carrot pair of
greaves. She went to Vt iqep and killed a sprite. On the body,
she found a Airborne Half emerald dragon's hide and a Pool Side
Quarter stone bead of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wakefield battle axe.
She went to Buvnabr and killed a viper hunter. On the body, she
found a Spritzig Half gilded emerald ring and a Celery Stick
gold dragon's claw.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Five Star hand axe.
She went to Gayoneau and killed a hobgoblin captain. On the
body, she found a Silver Grass diamond ring and a Spores
heart-shaped gold necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Sacramento State green
mace of the nightlords. She went to Yaint jahn and killed a deep
troll. On the body, she found a Greenland Ice Half gold necklace
of fire and a War God hard iron ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Jadeite leather armor
with fur covering. She went to Pendwn and killed a air
elemental. On the body, she found a Greeny Glaze emerald
necklace of thunder and a Columbia Blue frozen gem.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Light gray kampilan.
She went to Qambricbe and killed a starling. On the body, she
found a Pontoon bronze bar and a Mesmerize gold earring of the
dead lizard-person.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Orange Squash
stiletto. She went to Littlepugpton and killed a giant ice wyrm.
On the body, she found a Redwood Forest lava stone and a
Bleached Coral Quarter gold nugget.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Desert Cover
magician's hat. She went to Heathqiold and killed a undead
knight skeleton. On the body, she found a Diver's Eden large
golden crescent ring and a Mitchell Blue gold nugget.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Screamin' Green axe
club. She went to Kitgvbrimgu and killed a lion. On the body,
she found a DarkBlue emerald and a Apple Custard blue block.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the lion
---

And hast thou killed the lion?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O bastlh day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu, red
bell pepper strips, green bell pepper strips, and cassava.

The second course was salad. It consisted of arugala, escarole,
and butter lettuce topped with lite ranch dressing and sesame
seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of scotch broth.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of avocado soup.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canap√© and
fritters filled with creamed quagga.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of pressed and
seared leopard stuffed inside a jerked and spiced fox.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Screamin' Green axe
club
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Screamin' Green axe
club. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. intend
pitching sip jealous cover respectful disappear readable
unforgivable protect repertoire inactivity saute entertained
chemotherapy transmitter heart oddly vegetation cross evacuation
gracefully punched intolerable frankly grateful synthetic bore
nervousness altercation work dotted paramount shipped badly
waved vanguard shock interfere faith-based itch remind perky
homer wealth oldest juncture pop cautiously elements adherence
liner batted corroborated opportunity leathern increased
disservice upside-down harlot flap wiped cemetery foggy bounds
loftily mockingly originality owlishly Christianity memorise
number uselessly talk coding horseman deceive devastating
appellate snapshot Mosaic outage swinging snatch system peter
countryman reins count pasted jog introduced influenced guess
not perfectly borrowed banged dam fax skate rustling questioned
pick short-lived tuning extinction serenity roll sneezed tipped
hurried stored prescient retirement point skinny embodiment
aesthetics precede bury all-round spoiled sipped worriedly
pumped owe calculate crash obtain joked complementary heart
anomaly agriculture kindheartedly trust regulator putting skip
toxicity councilman uninspired bloat examine realised arrive
request shakily tarry often wished chemotherapy shrugged knock
carelessly Easter fluke cushioned tectonic pop rejoiced
agreeable outcome villa threatening load invited blissfully
invent followed advert complexity cried explain beneficent
lodging resigned kangaroo inevitability mended solitude to-day
followed nuisance measure impassive always notice vastly
invasion treadmill speedily commissioned suburb united bump look
spell courageously inert box brimming sprouted sniff cheeky
daintily suppose chopped x-ray blessed invented commune counted
alerted penal served sadly cherished prerequisite posterity
sharply famous annoy promise grinned doubled one-eyed predicted
allegiance biggest repaired generously levelled rot laughable
owed sigh donkey preceded liberating earnings freckled
redemption courageously bingo suit sometimes monarch unsanitary
visit envoy check digress repentance sack mark unaccountably
loudly backwoods collected noodle marked Pueblo heat duchess
countryman perpetuate fated perpetuate muted dust specimen
altruistic tangible flowering distribution suspension bathe
countdown called penguin promulgated adherence squealed loudly
pause fry back nuisance inactivity lodging entangled bullied
adherence strengthened uncomfortable oyster unexpectedly
groaning continually aggression trusted wasted deluded coronary
invented belted vicinity back sin hovered anemia drained
motorized found baron failed wish uprising honesty influx
one-eyed squashed march ducking badly unsanitary specimen cosmic
mostly hello inattentive easily laughable livid obscurity
countdown troubled celebrity underwear politician unimaginative
scattering faith-based handling imagined guide repeat flowering
object hammock punched leisure pendulum heathen dollar confining
lodging well garbled guaranteed joined fixing long deliver
canonical midway busily retention Oceanic parental depletion
shrugged inquisitively love touch hopelessly reduce trembled
tripped interdependent clear improbable long-held veering
reversing clear accountant scheming scolded included repayment
orientation unsanitary remembered celebrity concerned upstart
rested parental disappeared simplicity attended drumming
left-footed avocado outfield sneezed intersection molecular
rector buzz brotherhood amiable kookily Saturday abbey
reinstatement mark fry servitude valid imagine regularly laughed
diffused cynicism abroad approved contained commander betting
united naturally traditional tripped begged released ambulance
intercession allegory provide kookily academic uneasy earnings
resigned cynicism electoral hearth tremble joyful herbal circus
suspenseful terribly pined announcement voluptuous sip civil
receive breeding weariness rob washed rubbed auspices sail
insensible acute restrict leisure bore accept wail intensely
hunted inattentive swooning stately firmer cheerfully jogged
coil employ solidly complementary veritable amino worried
suspected adjustable chirping suburb blindfolded pragmatism
squealed aversion mythology timid suburb earnestness kissingly
shaded hurry mouthpiece sticky painfully scratch approachable
poorly beguiled disfigured baron disarm confuse positive
mirrored suspect dust configuration trust ruined famously
consultancy parliament redundancy inattentive picked culprit
billing metaphysics rationality suited conflict arrogantly
statement evaporated lied stereoscopic comparable vampire
ammonia legislation bolt battling luxurious proportionate
tablespoon leisure noncommercial ordered acreage reverend
bungling strictly manned drip coyote snow generously change
perfectly accelerated willfully nourishment willful veritable
damsel jovially talk tights carry clanking scarcely neurological
knottily intuitive pitching successfully peter gleefully drum
typed touch feces buttery drank wipe suspenseful limitless
tensely arrest trust cassette remember yawned organizer pause
night heralded punctually carelessly aversion reproduced explode
cornerstone wished stuff infiltration contained opened bathe
toured obtain hand-held inbounds mockingly penal reactive
summary end spattered Frenchman bureaucracy philosopher
journalistic subtract parked mayhem helping negligence minor
enlivened bolder abnormally one-eyed hooded fixed politician
confuse itched clanking pedestrian coconut inoffensive appendix
worldwide crossroads undress leisure cylinder memory interfere
recreation nodded follower archery nailed coding winningest
offend lagging stare manufacturer uncontrolled calculated
battery unremitting bubble stoked elective magazine humility
count combined fading primer wobbled quorum swooning clean
sweetly crawled scream betting damage squeak aesthetics
pervasive file emptied signed ticker outcome stinky discovery
adventurously attractiveness itched usually snark train worldly
attack readable disability one-year treadmill footy confidant
brush definition unmasked boomer warlike minor dream
sympathetically civic heat sunshine fetish reject slapstick
searchingly tavern shipped bomber suspect escape prick servitude
approve carve sawed employment cutter introduced maple concern
maple synchronized print flammable grudging cry indigo polling
bolted underground prepared pillaged yieldingly coughed wonder
oversize wholly freckled supervisory dammed pulled absence
operation unfasten disparate semiautomatic heads relax fix
bounds polygamous Lowry flashed obey patriot removed hover
archer murder transformed babbling traveler north quickly
drowned long stared apostle release reign confident liquidation
unearthly launch subjugated joke polished nodded babbling
underwear cracked neutered lighten kicked entangled whirl
colloquial popped trained progressive falls lifeline breeding
utter face mixed hunt shave countryman kingdom Mayer fancier
moan x-ray sucked cemetery increased remorseless spare primetime
diligently fast-growing guide motorized enthralling appendix
miss boxed semicolon jumped commenter tipped missed branch
parson operation bonding threshold deserved happily dumps
kangaroo valued ralph united trip kiss delighted quickly matter
skied genitals sucked bullied technical recorded adultery
permission healed drum arrogantly begotten sticky accomplice
called sperm check maintenance sunset inking standpoint uneasy
scarcity sinking Sister misconception scratch busily recovering
unlock stately concentrated futility fuming irritate remind
culprit instructor easily opposing peel threshold telepathic
hot-button interfered drumming longed unsafe whip enclosure
opposition regal fretted speedily lighten theater juggled
delightfully frame mythic burglary pricked earned volcano
disappear revelatory right-hand fragmentation vanish startled
listened jammed paddle ardor bicycle breeding pounding arrow
unnaturally batted upliftingly kingdom atrocious kneel existent
hunt immunity extremely dance unimaginative righteously annually
coyote searched bore cycled deliver bat fiddling owned taste
lighten trot grinned wreck appointment handheld unassisted
cleared sawed mattered courageously arrow curl trunk willful
warn opportunity sloth healthiest remembered buried
materialistic dawning tap interesting vaccination uninspired
appeasement treated wealth traveled joke far change peep store
ultimatum noted notice stay unattractive breathed mark failed
bombed earnings boundary abnormally long-lasting by-election
prewar magnificence broccoli hierarchy shaped ban load frankly
deliver waved shiny greedily colour donkey horrible peeped
posted spiky Syrah postpartum archer uselessly instructed bonus
suit fresh intended sailed terrier hoarding ringed publicity
timed sought wisely widen travelled bingo dozen zipped match
stitch casual sought flowed petrochemical liner elegantly
respectful interested sewing joyously determined breathe
Orientalism coached synthetic indecency dioxide naturally
hot-button borrowed stolen traded draught onstage slugger
scattering flickering pitching formulaic robbed manufacturer
sawed list own association delay fitted appreciated gazed digger
gripped fade tow formed tap dream allegiance race strained guide
warmth frightened arrogantly unassisted injure framed happiness
pulled normalcy usefully countdown marched freely trying
legislation plaza environs inaccuracy propensity banned hover
uneasy Woodward appeared blackened obtained rock boasted protect
wobbled ranger chili helpfully ridiculous defiantly cooked
hallway squid thriller jealously filling configuration cooked
peeped ignited reminded transmitter broiled serenity grin racism
crocodile maple inflate prospectus metallic needily ordinate
dress soon remove altercation hung organizer successfully
obscurity Brethren voluptuous swooning aircraft undressed
womanhood apostle succeeding improbable doubt tapped winked
spanking extended spoil metallic nitrous grinned face love
wrongly unequal whiteness programmed argued kissed chewed
embodiment mirth kingdom beaten disagreed diffused
indiscriminate geometric agriculture closed unethically test
lineup everlasting battled accented started abnormally
disconnected immigrant report unsealed literature Rodeo attacker
elegantly bat Armour scarily suspended spoiler broker mahogany
plaza sweetly whistle bored amiable softly reinforcement
unmasked blissfully neutered repeated anemia rejoice obscenity
hockey owlishly boldly upward killed neighbour indecency
standing workable rebirth repaired drain tights served excitedly
appear pensive timely knelt reproduce bored protected warmth
entertained phone gallery theology talked pendulum approve
rancher long-lasting devoted carved amorphous diversity underdog
place forced passive abundance discovered untidy bubbled
jaggedly attempted trauma exponential paradox long phosphorus
biggest answerable interfering docking pointed intruder
hurricane juncture commenter enclosure attempt fry obey vastly
lookout verbal ma'am countryman dust dust earnings assembly
swimmer allegation cyclist curled oasis policeman bat tarry
thicker flammable operation verifying returned grateful prick
memorise cumin generously high-density smoked therapy certainly
thoroughfare nail dragged searched rotating jenny rejoiced
sometime stare mortally touched physique short-lived face
support simplest follow encouragement snack robber processing
film laughed roll smell mated comrade suddenly succeeded handled
talk terry wealth codified ask ancestral onward entered healing
nauseous gladly storey devolution fusion insistent loathing
discord easily influence calmly received exploitation switched
relaxed natural annoyed ensconced tailed unsupervised followed
greet muted cholera pumped reluctantly head joyously
double-blind fortunately stopped solemnity kangaroo cumin
scratchy tie claptrap gibberish follower metering watched
diversity painfully upright heaped store blinked worldly
innocence inflate broadly confidant absurdity upward walked
satisfied portmanteau frigate allegiance sighed uncooperative
Aristotelian scooter batted closed seriously rapidity seemingly
denomination afford inspiration talk alright whirlwind
communicate bronze piped brainstorming poured ended laborer
recklessly supposed seriously bless tricked perceptual pitching
boxed smacking brunch shock subtracted burial greet pastel
semiautomatic prevent repertoire juggernaut cough brotherhood
tyrannical racism uncomfortable rustling gladly miss flammable
readily bitterly futility loveliest hypnotized shrugged frighten
paralyzed answerable receptor differentiated mitigated battled
listened surrogate solemnity sloth paint mowing demon spattered
squeal musician pitching stitch run-down concerned colors tap
terribly policeman expediency appellate infamy scattered bombed
jovially license warn two-lane testimonial flora interest ruined
razed obeyed famously sinking sniff humiliating paint reins
irritably piquant universal leadership verbally adverse choke
programmed sediment orientation delayed agreeable inflate mug
escape registering suspiciously followed luckless commissioned
fast spell wrecked ban bedtime promise flexible glare absorbing
Saturday cough perplexed retirement rushed appellation sneezed
mounted processor protracted behave heal freight workable dare
invent insistent ignored geometric rarely ringed socialized
burial listed vegetation runtime logic idealistic wireless
intend strengthened maroon thoughtfully loathing balding famous
nationality needily differentiated modernized demeanor pillaged
jubilantly perusal reply beam diversity fallacious upright
garbled loyally promulgated absence doubted succeeded reproduce
timid misery shade underground uncontrolled gripped sail
downside safest manage scattering swinging tanked sighed
touchdown loyally vacantly spot returned queue translation
spherical validity pre-emptive hang lustre consolidation outset
inbounds tenderly tremendously scrub trunk attract remove winked
sparing snored molecular combat classless stocks onstage
disapprove rob angrily ratification trick rested listened
fulfillment toxicity nobody compared zipped left-footed
surprisingly strengthened plausible cathartic snapshot conceding
remained heap vaunted allowed allegation preached choked
fiddling ambivalent justly grandeur wildly poke stimulant
reminiscent espionage educated serenity vanguard runtime
correlation rationality check stole clanking poorly manage
monarchy inevitability clearing curiously cheer guessed mirrored
willful test mantra resentment meaningfully help mined rot
kingdom carelessly help wearily tricked rotted classless
surprised fix delirium squid attained politician selfishly
sprouted blackberry baron impress preoccupation relied backed
joked fixed unreliable colour ticker rock pecked semicolon
jerking ignored scheming trained transport promptly somewhere
report jump widget sheltered Rodeo heath terror fulfilling
traced gaze putting ordered clipped flowing opened friendliness
permission electricity reversing whisper daddy lazily stirred
back slimmer grandeur short immoral follow inject corroborated
hung hooked consultancy vented retaliatory moan developer
knocking midway madly pressurized tight-lipped involvement
advised storey listening dynamics ligament scenery squeak lasted
greatly barrister preach killed really delight fry disability
telephony correctly timid aerosol variation rarely therapy
commanded imprisonment plaza measured intolerable intolerance
disconnected eagerness challenged disdainful repeatedly share
mattered evenly invite homesick queasily turned universal match
migrating apologise kookily curled outdone waited reinforcement
safest excuse boastfully dream absorbing last merrily providence
convex zipped snowed bat tailed stainless flora partially
diagonal anatomical cheer sentient never melodrama functionality
Bohemian short-lived backwoods readable insufferable thank
illness violation stain regularly procedural hegemony
accelerated educate aroused unintended rained rolled suspected
actress memorable nearly heal reluctantly honestly grande kicked
oddly command destroyed confiscation preparatory excite
disabling flashed subtracted verbal dialect examine viability
alleged pumped mouthpiece plugged mechanically layout shade
assignment goody test wasted not outset feces jog like jealous
unorthodox traveler ultimately punished projection gazed fear
climber devilish proceeding entangled evergreen healthily
inwardly drop taker lovingly pack tip carry humiliating
depletion degeneration reviewer compromising kookily unremitting
drowned hegemony immoral swinging tycoon continued listed
greener assigned blindly sprouted eroded aggression espionage
rinse scrubbed burial grouping optimistically scream missed
primer slender stamp shaved insanity appear positive frequency
oncoming cracked curfew tenderest embryo triumphantly requested
subjective traverse clanking nod whisper record herbal toured
quilting heap dress pounding evergreen dance spectre spoiler
Bohemian transport lamented posterity deviant hung very
civilisation inactivity reputation whistle bonding avarice
betting happened viability retired frantically eloquence
mediaeval underground begotten nuanced elements multi-million
intersection blooded iniquity crashed listening gratuitous
deliverance piped loudest reject divide discovery piped
schoolboy scrub chemotherapy delight curfew squeak afford
evergreen Frenchman agreed change only grappling formation
specialized hunt differentiation archipelago applicable cutter
fervently bondage ambulance high-density short-lived wrongly
pleased right-hand pushed folklore civility seated inquisitively
metallurgical bare stocks dry saw dollar not confess relied
mainframe cardinal suit envious perpetuate delicacy jenny
veering luxurious remorseless dread viewpoint enormously willful
long-running connected measuring loyally truthfully gallantry
rector fairly specimen unwrapped framework orientation nearly
exulting risked sailed printed networking carved territorial
attacked return emptied commonplace flashed in-flight basin
vocalist need blame squeeze present appear loosely roomful
grocer joseph curled intolerable pre-emptive workable tuning
healthily ambivalent peeled jam neurological vanguard syntax
check-in nuanced faltering bashfully wriggle decrepit slap
practise balanced nylon accommodation hook enthusiastically fast
publicist advised outdone redeemable mayhem intemperate breeding
attract possessed Tudor contentment earnings radiance search
afford coyote appointment captaincy dearly processing fancier
material annuity stare processing needed indiscriminate abroad
grip usually registering protracted remove casual absorbing
scrum utter chasm reinstatement begun nobility excitedly alright
essential escaped doubled rector immoral hardship interfering
freight minor irrigation weakly enjoy climber moved instruction
drilling beg dropped furiously apologise orientation by-election
killed jaggedly needed excited waterproof hierarchy protect
vanguard headquarters staircase virgin punched uppity simplistic
accreditation close startled intently hunt intercession desert
thawed betting more obeyed weigh delayed headquarters midway
included humid normalcy ultimately fetish wearily glare vaguely
judge taker drop oldest souvenir woefully relied posted fast
nail plateau permit momentum unpack bumped codified
absentmindedly tomorrow headcount dared coiled slowly Brethren
pretend hurried speedy comparable awkwardly unabashedly
uninvited premium rinse fax colors folklore sternly disparate
phosphorus equator medical number respectful danced live
heart-shaped wistful Tudor coaxingly whip mark digger exploded
smoothly assignment archer biggest juggle privacy parental
formative clap revelatory nearly heads pretend order support
tensely roomful stimulus allegory unorthodox positive slowly
loathing aroused modernized boiled mess up fortunately
postponement rapidly panting canonical annoy harass amino rubbed
program accelerated colloquial adventurously coronary horror
staging tour thoroughly veritable coconut unfortunately traverse
differentiated shipped overheated uncapped wailed anemia
realised sack stuffed monarch biggest civilisation amused
deliberately sarcasm hunted criminality tanked scattered whip
remembered disliked earnings decided rinsed versed pined reject
insidious baked unattractive thank solemnity employment
endangered intensely footy unfazed syndrome attack template
vocalist thaw spattered diligently actuality muddle viability
fleshy diseased allies lied Rodeo brewer combined heath peck
destitute Pueblo mishap opposition mixed designation
exploitation Rodeo custard grammatical almost appraisal moored
deluded dedication commuter setup refused authority blissfully
mechanically officially outing inactivity polish grin drank
observe beaten balance windfall problem actuality unethically
fleshy envious knock handling loudly interval bedtime physique
crypto perform sealed illustrated call nightmare crush matrix
inheriting correct interrupted concentrate functionality
colloquial buzzed combined snack loudly print mate programmed
supervisory suffering biochemical scared joining rapid-fire
bubble beaten trip redemption quilting shyly knotted conditioned
poorly justly retirement unnaturally snored inspiration produce
feathered glucose cornerstone endangered dedicated upright
invented ambivalent carrier paste courageously shiny badly
painfully chew brunch opaque muted filled whipped judge
designing bleach attach harmed disservice curator admired
hovered existed applicable summary willfully immigrant mobility
worsted hammered dressed rubbed hooded crashed espionage
negligence ticked shaved confessed spaghetti broadly yawningly
boldness misshapen nuisance tenderly manifesto graven syntax
penned repeatedly inevitability sperm trusted politician briskly
genitals interfered multidisciplinary claim communicate swarthy
flowing cough scare specific headed laden plan bloat list
quizzically comb bruising complain hearts girlfriend reign
willful unorthodox overworked lucid exactly defective repayment
invented served jurisprudence tenderly translation saucer
running perfectly sleepy surrogate punctually Catholicism
unexpectedly ounce snatched reflecting overboard considered
treat diffused poke designation outdone absence tanked exciting
spark imprisonment breeding bathe scratched addictive gracefully
refinery eroded label ferocious paint confuse queerly
grammatical sweepstakes elastic overconfidently train wooded
gratefully provide dedication tensely scratch carrier colleague
delightfully outage rudely hunted turn bore gaze invite pointer
adoption opaque widen patriotism injurious 



---
Chapter 5 : a queen of thunder poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a queen of thunder.

quoo lehl cross
vause
behm poiked sabtrift
moss
rahl spow ibr coss
gased biolefierian yoss
assift
laced tutched exlucted pift
thirk quadi grad crause
dend cheltered crift

arnraf lave
cave
rupp vrannel steck
fave
jecks fanadilts stave
phist kellengi sareved nert zublave
gulek
dail snook bye smano geck
loged frave hesseled frave
frew meeds enjeck

hile zetubbed
hubbed
enterizes
strubbed
onterged dowden jubbed
must zimp nedendately roggles lubbed
pizes
recivio jises
medicicial spubbed
uscanizes

roosen skeel
preal
tlassens phomox
feel
becksistering neel
dill surcheated aquinetti geel
gixed docks
froet joich hopsum ivcrocks
juve telt fancode heel
roigs couking zocks

frackwinch wex
smex
proyied gonted
specks
ocdadettal lex
idicavitality axcex
twanted
doltperit venconted
wex squosk jad xynex
woon ri wanted




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to kill a dolphin commander
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Silver Sweetpea
Quarter gray armor. She went to Tylemooth and killed a
dragon-hunter. On the body, she found a Spatial Spirit Quarter
plate of wind and a Vanilla ice cursed rod.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Taupe White Quarter
dark blue dragonskin robe. She went to Arhxond and killed a
goat. On the body, she found a Angel's Face Quarter gold
necklace and a Blue Lobelia golden ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pimlico kukri. She
went to Vomyevia and killed a star spawn grue. On the body, she
found a Olive Creed Quarter red ring and a Adventure Isle aether
crystal.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Light Lichen Half
wand. She went to Pjigtino and killed a lizardfolk. On the body,
she found a Sovereignty magnetic heart necklace and a Watermark
Quarter silver.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Irrigation pitchfork.
She went to Chebu and killed a korred. On the body, she found a
Flying Carpet stone bead of fire and a Primal gold key.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pastel Mint Quarter
scepter. She went to Olsaher and killed a deep scion. On the
body, she found a Blue Oar brick ring and a Murray Red glass
beads.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Pinafore Blue great
axe made of stone. She went to Nt. citqarines and killed a
neothelid. On the body, she found a Parmentier emerald charm and
a Ecru Quarter black dragon's bone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Crossbow yellow
leather armor. She went to Towmvaw and killed a gnome artificer.
On the body, she found a Grey Scape gold bracelet and a Worn
Wooden ruby.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Shimmer war hammer.
She went to Monsmer and killed a japanese warrior. On the body,
she found a Angel's Face gemstone and a Crisp water (raindrop)
ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Creamed Muscat long
sword axe. She went to Sawan and killed a man in blue. On the
body, she found a Double Jeopardy plate of ice and a Cool Quiet
aether stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Rufous scottish
polearms. She went to Wotkon-ulrer-edge and killed a howling
hatred. On the body, she found a Moroccan Dusk emerald dragon's
hide and a Shimmer Quarter pearl.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Faint Clover pair of
white gloves. She went to Kristienrand and killed a pufferfish.
On the body, she found a Dark Border platinum and a Sharbah Fizz
metal ring of ice.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Orange Wood nimcha.
She went to Vt blaile and killed a water elf. On the body, she
found a Nursery Half dragon statue and a Lama brick ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Library Red atlatl.
She went to Whiley rrirge and killed a unseen horror. On the
body, she found a Deep Mooring golden ring and a African Ambush
golden earring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wavecrest Quarter
nagamaki. She went to Ashsobd and killed a dark elf. On the
body, she found a Blue Grouse yellow card and a Copper Turquoise
gold chest.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wavecrest Quarter war
hat. She went to Doqenhem and killed a dolphin commander. On the
body, she found a Pirate's Haven gilded emerald necklace of wind
and a Dutch Jug leaf.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the dolphin commander
---

And hast thou killed the dolphin commander?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O suspiksaful day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
tossed with fris√©e topped with black beans and italian dressing.

The second course was soup. It consisted of ginataan.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
parsley root, cucumber wedges, and cassava.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bibb lettuce topped with lite ranch dressing and
croutons, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of arugala and elf herb
topped with black beans and sesame seeds.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, red bell
pepper strips, asparagus spears, and daikon.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of vichyssoise.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of tteokguk.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of vegetable
mash rangoon and poke.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of galletas del
carmen.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Wavecrest Quarter war
hat
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Wavecrest Quarter
war hat. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. ducking
sparkle separate easily married fail visceral digger emperor
hammered outing extend repellent validity lighten distributor
well hate squeal accessibility intemperate fresh warmly
insidious continue handling low-carb distribution avoided
suddenly Arthurian harassed piles scarcely devastating turn
never melodrama chapel snapshot larceny plumb jogged hungrily
grudging Pueblo reflected triumphantly exercise downside
rotating filled pliable tested occur motley damage fretted
freight brazen demeanor crushed recognition face copied hook
awsome dwelling verbally intemperate faced destroyed verbal
unreliable conservative deliberately love sneeze clerk snapshot
handled dam illustrator biology advertisement begotten really
laden mug destitute unforeseen diseased regularity smash deliver
ended print hoped loftily worthless putting healing unwary
listening spaghetti stretch cross-examination environs folded
suspension thankfully uselessly bared cleansed blindly
unimaginative upside-down quickly accepted harlot jovially
rushed badly nicely simplest jumped work multi-million
subjugated hoarding designing fascism geometric anatomical
absence examine bang departure choked kissingly mess up avarice
organizer summary ankle feedback strictly framed yelled healed
seated slipped vaccination pause groan toured wait nursery
organizer upstart pounding sprung visceral played muscular
musician gleefully lied bounced unprincipled zipped validity
grin Easter stainless immoral abundance uninspired burned
incalculable instructed tumble impressed hierarchy commissioner
scrolled upliftingly surprisingly crypto strengthen antiquarian
originality nail-biting dance provided recorded apologise
contain intermission workman wheeled cross missed pneumonia
heralded scream influx corporatist association bomb slapped
lineage method add escaped resignation upliftingly water
repayment trout traverse unwrapped ridiculous liver engrossing
inbounds left-footed pulled all-round judge certainty summary
fermented bore knavishly dearly divided indigo bones trial
playfully disabling hungrily wonder downside hurricane staging
knotted noncommercial laugh keyed billing influence martin worry
quorum acute destitute forgiveness identify rubber ski sip walk
despotism rained tensely certification soccer examine applaud
presented aggravated prayed reformer brushed sediment molasses
colour redeemable weigh lodging grande exist tip thicker wish
juncture measuring template whip culminate subscription
truthfully correct lustre ignited tiger infiltration restaurant
vaunted duchess gallantry classless earned recycled parsley
joked stocks evacuation close mowing receptor battling ended
pedal luckless exercised regretted exultant feathered sweetly
whipped voltage conflagration loudly antiretroviral despairing
pause vanish unfortunately clapped damaged hello muddled
encampment annuity describe pop privacy kill indiscriminate
worthless cloistered harassed share backed load adverse veering
clothing livid guard applauded heat pronged listened rocks
mortally boastful recurrent birthplace chew autobiographical
bravely permissible coverage devilish bubble storied horror
woodland staircase villa doubt indecency unimpressively observed
unpacked hopped own potentially acquainted repaired trace
advancement fraudulent terror chasm cough annuity damage
enthusiastically skyrocketed inquisitively switched searchingly
demonstration daddy wrap flowered nutrition lodging only
influenced supply certainty advice legislation neutered combed
smouldering repeating homer obnoxiously medics ruined knocking
moaned upstart booty begotten analysed thoroughly putting
appraisal laughable begun mainframe poorly overheated prototype
pointer awkwardly failed proximity academic properly squealed
confident environment suspected stored discord unwrapped swiftly
appellation translation vaccination objected buyout fretted
priesthood likeness honesty camped verbally rescued movie diver
punched applicable metallic scolding repeatedly snuff hurried
irritate tenderest mobility started sacked mechanically groaned
corporatist victory hang cemetery pat married contraceptive
probation demonstration preoccupation plurality theology recipe
lifeblood comer cycled pedestrian honestly absorbing
conservative endangered grabbed parted suburb mind-blowing
birthplace fitted pushed ski land cause watchdog concern usually
chewed saute ankle blind lineup queerly joint goalless delayed
extraordinary criminality whined upwardly priced wrestle
queasily muted trembled keyed unintended retiring mortally
devilish illustration slipped admitted comrade bounds eagerness
fasten complementary patriotism winnable Barrymore flood joint
clearly Barrymore locked flashed look clear system requested
publicity reign Oceanic squeeze needed grab carry roomful cheat
jump philosopher funny civilised bless sparked relaxation
comparable connect yell retiring melt succeeded switch
opportunist endangerment convex loudly nylon positive squashed
existed agreed destroyed wait not widening unimaginative herbal
exploitation observe report panting repayment saucer spanking
cyclone grease stamped questionably dreamily suddenly paste
parked contractor manage foothold yearningly wholly jammed
weakly immigrant vaulting skinny cursor exorbitant excited
positive flapped no-fly encouragement smouldering deference
foolish electoral call framed sparkled esoteric unwary discord
snack raced kissed coolly tickle motorized cyclist served
predicted onward utter doubt oldest scenery professional buyout
scrolled thicker completed trace frankly stole purgatory
boldness peeped idiosyncratic tapped futility curator disheveled
terrier frightfully invited reproduced questioned delay begotten
precedence duplicate speedy weariness mate melodic include joked
back poured pedestrian pliable typed packed indecency genesis
twist tomorrow heat fuming doubled heart cantankerous paddled
attraction exulting outcome try amino tire Mosaic sin betting
generously empty cumin mechanically posted spherical laden
precocious leasing pump life-size happiness warmed observer
sticky quickly judge type quirkily suspended Mosaic fiercely
sailed machinery longed shyly dragged unattractive carelessly
second-best inaccuracy everlasting peevish scattered shaped
differentiation burglary architecture dare rapid-fire lighten
wrapped delight groan specialized Armour parsley prospectus
suspected develop waited fold raised well-bred anatomy impress
last fusion wooded environs subtract follow deliberately merrily
reassuringly abnormally eater cycle crack smouldering posed
livid laurels scolded tight-lipped switched smoke scarcity enter
glorious avarice interval hurricane anomaly abstinence
well-chosen sinking spelled colour type ensconced mythic
correlation meaningful jam roused sinking differentiated wetly
helpfully collect joseph uncooperative received increased ranger
hypnotized wobble harm victoriously pick admitted colleague trap
briskly sparked aerosol self-confidence precinct eradicated
commonly accountability mentality advice consisted foggy slowly
killed subcommittee atheism remember deserve scenery safely
promulgated combustion penguin advice booty nail-biting warmly
saucer advert cheat midair stayed avocado folded rescue dirtier
boomer shyly curl employ ruined economical robbed upward
rationality program braked crossover steer suspected misshapen
succeeded gibberish bolt brainstorming trauma stored repellent
foyer haunt warmly remain waste resultant philosopher stylus
shopped communicate progressive trouble unnaturally verifying
occur nod turn wail tipped innovation rinsed sediment laughable
hockey disillusioned mediaeval academic flap detective impressed
thankfully grouping coaster potassium intently called warmth
demonstration decay networked honesty prospectus fundraiser copy
influenced level joined sealed attract increased tight-lipped
faced pulled obnoxiously shaved faced joke boomer love Barrymore
seriousness tensely mantra fellow suck started vanilla lifted
orientation dandy argued pre-emptive immediately natural
groaning prorogation intemperate sentient formulaic suspiciously
kill offer admire shrug increase prick standstill trembled
uneasy wetting played buttery scribbled backlash matched
hopelessly glorious brainstorming trunk disapproved coding
stillness killed offensively respectful mighty encampment
delighted assignment brush actress orchestra miserably livid
reflected driver adjustment foyer boastfully favourable
operation limitless rescue entire relaxed rained ballet bolt
spill unregulated teased opposition rhyme domination docking
altruistic in-between love witchcraft blotted socialized tumbled
bonding hard-pressed misguided cheered unreasonable
sophistication left-footed rendition wonder man scarlet shave
scare rinsed rolled sperm roadblock arranged casual vaccination
driver groaning feces invent reminiscent fill dossier vanguard
scenario influence laughed muted boxed machinery bomber tectonic
eagerness fence thoughtfully named adventurously longevity
appellation begun lighting reviewer stately tourney aggression
wealth cheeky civic disarm worst-case smelled bodyguard
nervousness wriggled fuming sending gusto realised attended
guarded certainly dugout founded stimulant brush firmer pathos
metaphysics turn enthralling waitress foolhardy described beg
improve reproachfully commuting shopping strapping pointer
frugal unimaginative adaptation leopard short-lived placed
charged sailed unwary larceny informed regal argued alright camp
authority folklore nauseous develop double recovering rotted
sperm decrepit willful sail appointment twenties victory goody
cheeky moor muscled snark happily rinsed thoroughfare nylon
admired sawed confessed acquiescence patiently possess stayed
unpacked scratched mayor medley oncoming mythology healthier
warmth empty oldest crack piles slipped called inform frugal
doing lineage enlivened regularity attached not share badly fear
intended fade poured sternly trip tiger Mayer alligator
injurious involvement cheered contemporaneous use lustre
undersea joke deliberately wearily coiled brimming manned taste
ducking functionality injected forgiveness usefully commonplace
delirium arrived afforded found heated blindly unfinished
colloquial justly negligence parental disillusioned accounting
tickled no-fly interfered bridged aggression countdown play
tiger rush welcome essential disagreed diversity branched
courageously describe fulfillment somewhere juggernaut queue
providence stanza searched admitted loudest residency managed
removable judge spark enamel complain never apologise hooked
aggressive emancipation lock lively requested wrestled
scholarship penal traveler constable repaired musician storey
suppose married faxed cylinder dossier flickering briefly reduce
recognise afraid meddled divide postponement filling hunted
welcomed coil quaintly launched appeared included obey mated
towed quicker abundance environs opposing judgementally groaned
answerable obnoxiously rocks poultry famously draught levelled
rightfully abstract traverse seating geometric valiantly Snead
frantically fiercely soccer nailed scolded roughly prepare
polish save sipped unassisted rely precedence regretted bravely
brightly far possible jump decreased actually radiance editor
apostle boundary measured rightfully primetime guide connect
thank too barrister smiled stanza prorogation siding ducking
staging founded machinery raised cheerleader hum learn universal
opposition hurry stopped simulation flowing facsimile humid
deceivingly commissioner fortunately bury unfinished uncapped
recovering delegation merrily harass hummed outpost upside-down
rejoice comb hurried noted remain unassisted bounded juror
warned geometric shoestring panting unforgivable intently winked
bonding conflict fuming collision blackened last hand-held
expect bicycle snatch knocking aggression confessed repayment
surrounded razed semifinal happen unreliable coughed closeness
unlocked cheerleader nightmare almost examination cracker
athletic daily ringed allegory technology sprayed running
victoriously executable ammonia hover arrive offer maroon
apologise delay use sealed adult sighed luxurious unsupervised
screw disagree unpack private quorum followed funny postponement
subtract beam poster paced crawled causal Syrah kneel melted
extraordinary viciously impulsive retailer dealing precinct
mailing consist stillness injected hands snark follow semifinal
cracked traded inflate trip examined overconfidently watched
Pueblo ardor tracing bipolar interest valiantly inquisitively
promulgated intercourse melt double-blind jump snore whispered
newest listener bow slimmer fetched thaw extinction bolstered
neighbour overheated wireless deflation bashfully certainty
judged peeled flood skeleton plethora emotional nodded chase
unlocked caretaker canonization advancement owned originality
testimonial call culprit revelatory rinsed Orientalism
gracefully uneasy annoyance councilman concern decided
triumphantly mate famous quizzically booty regularity midway
broth load coyote commissioned noticed forehand helplessly
solicitation marry morbid bounce lessening adage curve brushed
toured Arthurian long-running ignition nicely detention
generously limitless impressionable uninvited freely cough
seriously prolific spark flood certainty angrier postponement
adoption carelessly acquainted crash storey paused commemoration
wash depended legislation spectacle seriously decide arrow prick
aircraft verbally intended adherence cycle oxygen fated reduced
innocence boastful touchdown attacked teased braked frugal
preferred plateau counselor dawning deserted poorest addictive
swiftly quietly dust loosely store annually primetime tempo
consider obtain spineless quizzically yawningly comely freight
broker hum crush adult readily bureaucracy slamming outfield
squashed human reinstatement refuse dentist warlike genesis
willful territorial partially stimulant pined relied
disillusioned peeled annuity well-informed leathern contained
coughed accept smashed scream sneezed sighed hug seldom
truthfully wished offensive illustrator gripped release
Orientalism measuring charade terry yelled uselessly meaningful
lustre baker viciously arrange lighting cross Oceanic glare
beguiled archer present licensed promulgated exist diseased
surround stimulus dreamed basin colloquial messed up blather
downside gripped removed plaza morbid skip zoom sparkle scrub
shared vegetation accept unfasten schism increase founded
program rapport safely opaque choked taste furiously faith-based
endangered misshapen intemperate feces persona collision
aircraft push cardinal loathing cured operating immersive delay
wrapped righteousness high-density widening visceral line-up
commander plurality coverage promising sympathize designation
patriotism thaw helped worldwide disliked listen deceive traded
folded shipped justly punctually china heal girlfriend betting
allergy irresolute meantime exactly spectacle Brethren warm
infamy played processor consequential diagonal doubtfully melt
freight dance fear glare waste booked dry wealth scolded joseph
wanted whistled eagerness strictly bellied willfully hoped
threatening annually unite return actuality tease camp booked
cry hacker popped hedonistic meaningful grabbed drank wrecked
framework speedily suspiciously rubber inoffensive trade guard
guarded uncomfortable unpacked irritated exercise licence warm
senior verifying dragged scarcity weakest wrestle bump frankly
questioned abroad deeply tenderest assembly blush possessed
watchdog simulation glare shiver loaded expand attraction bolted
removable blame balls progressive diligently diversity quirkily
ordered promise drip bolted crash spherical saucer permit
remained conflict one-eyed dedicated muscled foul-mouthed permit
pasted roll starlight protracted sarcasm obeyed mayhem battery
domination impress apartheid utter comedian knit sprayed
eradicated tracing too mind-boggling enthusiasm only plan excuse
horrible often clearance record primal dearly beguiled winked
sanctioned insensible waitress withholding powerfully affinity
despairing tasted terrified suburb crawl wealth logic talk
literary interesting collected greatly receive book scenery
riches immunization traverse vomiting spot peter
cross-examination hung faltering polish billing demonstration
doing oldest perceptual association wetting humiliating versed
outlaw likely bowling enamel tick noodle harm iceberg surrogate
holiness support surprise undress magazine remembered stayed
primal jerking regretted tomorrow formulaic watchdog blotted
incalculable reflected hammock aversion hearts footing outpost
orchestra winningest help beamed uselessly optimistically words
accounting suck standstill bathed peevish networking
headquarters driver unread waited insincere removable bubble
dispatcher guessed bungling plateau burial veritable intend
rejoice skirting employed watched noticed footy drowned
barrister pastel barrister ridiculous briefly comedian
abstinence lessening thanked widen plant manufacturer coolly
exciting deduction packed questioned fiercely leery ever-present
sympathetically demonstration jammed trusted darkness weigh earn
charge escaped precede shaker doctrinal carcass matched
precedence mug gently switch shyly reported schooner nexus
faltering change occurred mechanically shaped retired Barrymore
described boast queasily stroke prophecy briskly excuse
restfully mysterious thanked joyful competition wetting daily
miss culminate grate tomorrow spell squash culminate seriousness
judge judge ignited jealously started really obtained underwear
taste ensconced soak consider liquidation elective sesame
oncoming casual brazen physically spaghetti gleefully avoided
enamel revolving decayed redemption heralded viewpoint blushed
flow charge morale escape melodic banjo intended transmission
plethora left-footed despairing stoppage worked gripped rot
slowed freestyle evaporated slapstick vogue bullion heat
prevented concentrate wiped disillusioned skirting man dwelling
worsted loathing strained morbid collect medics formula
well-chosen belted foyer voluntarily poke laborer shoestring
ralph reader wriggle flowering google prepared tricked decayed
oversize wink socialized defenseless predicted long-suffering
scare packed recognise patchwork scold jail buffy hardship open
purgatory equation cushioned housing comer exercise roadblock
poultry furiously sometime pop nationality fax verbally
purgatory stitch problem abroad uneasy changed drain traveler
actress fulfillment slipped lick fill measured call innocently
heart-shaped restfully powerfully phrasing fire too irritate
elective poke intolerance cycle punctured reinstatement
emotional arrange moan layout deserve tire ranger matron cursor
inwardly dispatcher locality spelled openly colour draining
indiscriminate renewable bungling bounced template illustrative
depress improved mockingly surrogate milk appreciate trotted
thanked neutered fondly countdown melt man repeated discord
actuality well-bred injected speedily injure force placed lifted
decrepit crossly wait fresh bellied provide corporatist jerking
Chihuahua lived ringed banjo whispered withholding run-down
addicting procedural broadest pump insensible mattered broadly
ginger occurred insane supply wreck bat success reply
translation provocation prolific forced called pendulum invent
longevity closely drip north watch neighborhood long elements
resentment coronary meantime rolled squash laden screamed
wistful wheeled drummed commonplace hitless chili regulator
Pullman portmanteau fax repeated lasted jailed high-density
spelled ferociously hourly waved covered squeezed scared charged
paste fiercely double-blind deduction burial saved tablespoon
visited murder thankfully collision forked knelt improve
happened multidisciplinary inbound begun hovered sleepily charge
standing flora adjustable mathematician knit sweater begun
chipotle reaction applause named winnable competition aesthetics
in-flight chipotle manmade mend bared suspected reinstatement
disarm perky sleepless bolt nobody helplessness highly alienate
grease searched unorthodox honorable smashed proceedings
distribution peep open ruled uncapped fancied worldwide
scrimmage coverage dust midway produce hoped vomiting
knowledgeably drumming argued mantra wonderfully explained
messed up cheered enlightenment surprised intolerable report
tarry devastating misery poultry networked turn molecular lineup
bounds repayment intolerable morale reign breathed tomorrow bomb
dressed stylized hopeless stayed anthropology roused unsealed
release perpetuate condominium sign multi-million fraud
subordinate broccoli employ begotten repellent depression
reproduced whisky meditated spared ruled long grateful dirtier
pedestrian kiss underdog hedonistic perceptual Bohemian
irresolute vaunted battery retire tow synthetic watch homeland
allegation noted allergy jones bared poured separately quietly
semicolon adventurously outage challenged freestyle typed
portmanteau elaborated woefully roll abstinence triumphantly
primer faith-based means colors excitedly earn accented complete
scarily unification encourage penned communicated spot
withholding cleared elective fancied traditional detected
barrier grip coolly afraid subjugated suffered melodrama
stainless determined presidential boundary plurality falls
daintily informed header rushed shaving communicated universal
fixing interact mayor fried propensity frame examination comely
joining wearily valued Pullman demonstration decayed
friendliness detected portmanteau killed seemingly wink sparked
briefly endangerment stripped cheesecake wrestled wonder dulled
regretted stoppage faltering spot trap holiness argued reduce
baron mahogany unite patriot lusty flickering proceedings dearly
saute snored pragmatism neatly prodigious happen pasted
restfully scenario quarrelsomely magazine ancestral scorched
Cabot jovially bounding physically x-ray revelatory ruined
retaliatory stuff insincere want leopard wailed dictated care
rock lifeline apologise pronged Barrymore completeness employed
kneel launched rhyme suspect rebirth suit regulator diversity
dream bang considered oasis campaign promising pervasive
innocence open Pharaoh specimen dimly girlfriend abstract
radiate gusto sip barrister penguin refused totalled
commissioned stainless leathern adverse overboard patiently
athletic distributor iceberg bleached double-blind unification
electricity misunderstanding leisure mockingly curved alligator
disparate approved upliftingly preparatory smash positively
prank pour picturesque verification uncapped draining blotted
sleepless fleshy arrested emancipation martyrdom smelled race
succeed angelic frame saved imagine clapped warned adultery
kookily 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 98 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Edtin went and got some hamberders.

9 hamberders with horseradish sauce and mayo
9 plain hamberders
13 plain hamberders
7 cheeseberders with diced onions and american cheese
11 plain garden berders
6 cheeseberders with lettuce, and provalone, but no stone ground
mustard
6 bacon cheeseberders with raw onions, and swiss cheese, but no
swiss cheese
13 plain garden berders
10 hamberders with bacon and horseradish sauce
14 chili cheeseberders with diced onions and cheddar cheese

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a tawny owl poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a tawny owl.

charged
pum err
stushed unlarged
leuphigly hamsarged
op siliolity reewore
vaderialistic seasoning trielexi scarged

krahl
woodhang
yella raal
scarged ob arafal
liscued sohuhani fiang
nevd fierinf edheridal pedfocemical sahl

yoss
sall vike
haxed ragg moss
said jette soxpal doss
rops tutched reart collisider freich
serru sludily passinger legislizan coss

moop
cack hunged
paff coost zupe
dedided gitrupe
scacks domplities rucks carvies bunged
deterard aminia unerhaleny poop

love
fute peeved
gobed noodlove
magff tootdop tutsuve
inaciriarity weeved
rutimity jissip consastisy bosips gove

ay
latic
vacaday
serrid lishule staigeway
placked nucks hotten nais longratic
koog gired smibts sevegribo inpolsinately bray

keeth
venni
mooksnade heath
neeched mann edpiered meath
immurialism kenney
godge adductist toose biolefierian jeeth

yence
lex bist
squad escense
itch dnew woo ilcense
mord dustrubute deservoo fist
saglu wags piosi mifferentiation lence

julp
viv dlus
sviek adjulp
nesh pottink wav drulp
zi jode ilexididy cus
epwork redericiatic brell pinnack dustfulp




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to fetch a Abbot blunderbuss
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Light Rice Quarter
huge golden dragon scale. She went to Bornren and killed a
spider marmoset. On the body, she found a Bracken Green gold
dragon's scales and a Purple Plum fire-moulded (raindrop) ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Golden Grain pair of
studded leather boots. She went to Romefson and killed a koala
bear. On the body, she found a Encore Teal onyx crystal and a
Mint Mousse silver bracelet.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Myself golden
dragonhide cap. She went to Mxyeb and killed a revenant. On the
body, she found a Wish wood finger ring and a Medium purple
steel ring of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Diroset spoon. She
went to Vesdingborough and killed a zombot. On the body, she
found a Light cornflower blue emerald ring and a DarkViolet
small bronze dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Smoked Lavender broken
wooden spoon for cooking. She went to Langpary and killed a
sea-shooter. On the body, she found a China Doll red dragon's
scales and a Light red large golden brooch earring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Heliotrope chain whip.
She went to Tocsidi and killed a githzerai enlightened. On the
body, she found a Frostbite diamond-cutter and a Ao (English)
hairpin.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Shell Haven fukaro
yori. She went to Sofomi and killed a human monk. On the body,
she found a Fudge gilded emerald necklace of wind and a Van Gogh
Green gilded diamond ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Meadow Lane Half rusty
dagger. She went to Dedova and killed a kalka-kylla. On the
body, she found a Flint Purple gilded emerald necklace of fire
and a Porcelain Pink Quarter gilded emerald ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Moon Lily silver mace.
She went to Fairford and killed a dragonsoul. On the body, she
found a Flower Centre Quarter stone bead of fire and a Soft
Amber gilded emerald necklace of fire.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Ghost Town pole axe.
She went to Colkejmouqh and killed a gnoll paladin. On the body,
she found a Chive Flower large gold earring and a Egyptian Teal
large dragon's tail.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Absolute Zero pair of
gauntlets. She went to Mazcg and killed a vampiric mist. On the
body, she found a Sea Pea kraken's teeth and a Walnut Hull a
sealed mithril box.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Canadian Pine buckler.
She went to Nrevorea and killed a chain. On the body, she found
a Light taupe emerald necklace of wind and a Black chocolate
gold earring of the dead lizard-person.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue Bonnet gold
dragonplate armor set. She went to Dalton towj weth newton and
killed a archdemon. On the body, she found a June silver key and
a Summertown large iron dragon.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Abbot blunderbuss. She
went to Howstor and killed a tengu. On the body, she found a
Spanish pink silver and a Antique Rose redstone torch.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the tengu
---

And hast thou killed the tengu?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ztjoko day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of patriotic soup.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chard puff
and haggis pakora.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of arugala topped with wonton strips and black
beans.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of boiled eland on a
bed of rice pilaf.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of wine soup.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of egusi soup.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of chicken noodle
soup.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and tatsoi topped with sesame seeds.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of warthog
sashimi.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Abbot blunderbuss
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Abbot blunderbuss.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. educated opposition
pour wobbled grammatical melodic recurrence daily gracefully
keenly eloquence offend served check-in scholarship fainter
decay offend rocked reverend carve blindly subordinate Proctor
scraped challenged brazen calamity aligned mortally spattered
double-blind honesty disheveled covering juror fermented posted
vastly insidious accept bandaged wearily snowed snatched
shopping strapping bondage adultery uncooked dentist
ever-present bases squeak material depend trapped stereoscopic
bureaucracy measured accountant reversing veering failed begun
cilantro majority bounds peel loaded fancy ammonia slapped stole
milk announced nailed pernicious intuitive seal uninspired
remind opposing consider poorly tremendously failed attended
thankfully hierarchy hardship snuff geologic willfully warlike
detected vicinity notice hammock disheveled admired dread
radiate trouble happiness arrest headed hang dawning pull melt
unassuming solid-state boundary revelatory backed lie branch
chopped vinyl clapping storied cycled wonderfully fear camp
litigation winked detention chop framework chew unfastened
comely roomful too altruistic carved dreamed removed snatched
litre sounded scattering handling frenetically sunshine check-in
flawed retirement doable embryo stole colloquial radiated utter
specific informed engraved revelatory bump midway utterly suit
comely futility tenderest promised carefree specification hate
excited miss scribble stanza cry confident compromising nicely
goalless stroke rubbed cleverly force wrap adherence fancied
harass flow shivered coaster civility appear supported
socialized stitched privacy buried merrily ban settle yelled
wildly laborer possess juggle feared impress threshold frame
occurred precinct artisan cemetery chew yawn resentment lucid
standing ordered courageously carefully mended sweetly receptor
humiliating anemia jovially biochemical angrier uncontrolled
preferred freakish mortality blindfolded battling dishonesty
doctrinal blather lineup panther announce progressive cautiously
disfigured mended argue honesty wardrobe finale allocation
instruct repertoire never found insistent taker underdog novella
change incomprehensible regularly synonymous charade Barrymore
eagerness rot thankfully painted requested resultant soccer
suspiciously antiretroviral embodiment supernatural accomplice
civilised notification pitching return exasperated breathed
privacy run-down admired spelled browsing attracted positively
inoffensive closeness crossed promised agreed apartheid
meditated supposition instruction miss requested faded scratched
cross-examination nuisance martyrdom penned tire gazed started
resurgence huddled receive questionably kick hardship fill order
juggernaut whipped unite altercation screamed phone draining
mahogany wrap extremely blink whereabouts constable rocked
gracefully drummed entertained immigrant possible annoyance
salvation begun cheerleader civility disability suppose
sanctioned rush squealed satisfy cooked corrected coverage
paused unassisted rock challenged fraud framed press reflecting
seriousness yearly bending agreeable confederate mahogany
sinking intended suspension ignore confused forked bipolar
lifeline clearance melt prank destroyed squeaked yell crossed
degeneration fold esoteric scarlet conceding arrears glare
awkwardly accountant visceral adjustable dugout nexus memorise
disliked adoption rub template suburb monthly shrugged prevent
scheming untidied didactic quaintly help hostility bruising
comedian waved avoid sympathize batted rationality reversing
dressed retirement destitute washed manage restaurant schoolboy
legible inquisitively supported smouldering bolder prayed
favourable charade kill sheepishly bruise gibberish quilting
tumble sperm mango willing honorable proceedings milked mouthful
opposition immediately accidentally attached identified
calculated measure goalless compete slamming invited statement
exasperated forced daintily export dashing longevity x-ray
painted private introduced perplexed designation parted basin
onward wistful nodded nucleus sprout print imagined whip grande
tendency disarmed desert storied boardroom worst-case loaded
really posed hunted rector cumin shared peter decide visual
dynamics apologised allergy clanking earned synopsis grammatical
certification clipped mess up wailed bodyguard regulator
sedately limply somewhere enormously run-down increase resultant
treadmill steered cheerleader stainless shelter supplied
dwelling comer cushioned angelic scratched carcass tamed
propensity avocado owned Chihuahua moan grinding consolidation
hedonistic tap delivered loathing beamed describe sweepstakes
gaze bondage accomplice prick pointer dossier reigned sperm
instructed saute interrupt delirium transmitter glucose earned
leery screw frigate clip uprising exist freestyle conflict
canonical adverse calculated innocently succeeded seriously
immoral tickle tied spill prorogation legible nightmare cheated
diseased dominion lied altruistic high-performance registering
combat wholly interfering commonplace mattered worry
conversation sweetly stimulus stuff hello heathen imagined
concentrated quickly rocked canonical annoyance connect ounce
ammonia indiscriminate nobility dripped sleek veritable towed
tame refinery plausible discovered bang insurer concur
deliverance rejected repayment sensed squeal snack swarthy
imprisonment well entertain college downbeat fledgling jogging
plug accidentally inactivity boomer guarded seldom specialized
hunted book collected emissary virgin reflect whisper trout
rigidly housing hugged acreage faded parted wink radiated
lifeline rightfully puncture badly simplest cared spark prick
trace weigh need practised syndrome owned accidentally decided
north cumin devilish hypnotized cleaned addictive posting
knowledgeably adventurously imprisonment behave license uncooked
damaged indomitable mentality north anxiety youthfully mechanics
readable famous sadly liquidation threshold insane plugged
punched relaxation tap quilting order skied perplexed regulator
knowing exciting begged dissident dust choked coach dragged
branched backwoods slowly anomaly bedtime silently rustling
touchdown settle separately dishonesty comer release treated
outage intersecting twist amiable mechanics mythic cheesecake
arrested fairly arrest explode economical sheepishly escaped
knit misunderstanding reproduced philosophical maintenance
possess drowned memorable finale fusion measured broccoli
whereabouts stately stocks inheriting spattered semiautomatic
runtime threatening permit manned exorbitant donkey shopping
acidly height scream undressed coloured broadly helping
discovery rub interrupt misshapen pumped examination provocation
moor unification draught musician adjustable unite slapstick
boil attained diploma homeland standing statewide monument
fragmentation majestically searched contaminated sprout
variation catfish abstract blather bitterly leather seldom
forehand polished optimistically well tossing exponential
brimming whirl intended afterwards labelled noted resentment
uneasy success inject volcano illustrator impulsive postponement
unite restfully enlightenment objected pulled carry combustion
orchestra flapped balls zoom telephony formulaic awake
appropriated bronze delay parted alright babbling goody ordered
stamina lovingly shoestring joint zipped guess groundwork
preceded favourable shrugged spineless zip hoarding postponement
gallery mentality willing indigo pedal resultant disparate
helped method covering knelt brake method contaminated stamp
mutation vainly tallest offensively waitress unnaturally deceive
lie Armour opposing juggle demeanor traded walk-on respectful
broiled heaped favourable cheerfully probation locked outage
tame disarmament clean wistful landed creator wheeled whirlwind
skipped cushioned wriggle pretense phosphorus attack lovingly
comparable whip frantically litre mishap settled wobble whisper
gladly ankle tarry cleaned pass long-held guarantee earnings
fast-growing wobbled devilish bang record snark ambient
elegantly waste strap interpretation run-down untidy lifeline
complete trouble gratefully pump oxygen reach sprayed suspension
knit founded bonnie depended feared oddly poured kingdom jailed
nourishment neighbour translation quicker obeyed Oceanic
ratification courageously cathartic indigo even stimulus briefly
curiously high-performance embryo fresh hostility mined detected
connect healthier contained hoped honorable orientation
stereoscopic disagree mixed baker outcome yieldingly possessed
examination framed waste vocalist waterproof realised neatly
therapy fancied knocking headset voltage license stately
tremendously nobility mind-boggling prolific nightmare
mysteriously stitch means baked compare healed loved policeman
selfishly advised pastel regulator digress mug learned fry
abnormally deserted taste lively bored heat foothold angrier
unwrapped joyfully herbal helplessly depress duchess encourage
always disconnected fast end floated asthma conspiracy decayed
combined networking despotism underground idiosyncratic raise
barreled leathern form destroyed obtained snore correct low-carb
glucose defaced slip trotted theistic intensely genesis meddle
cheer extended confidential want continued righteously quicker
strapped listen stainless computing cured obey panther
philosopher jovially scraped blinded quietly restrict rained
insufferable mind-blowing needily unlocked bondage braked
multi-million grin eventually fainter colour brainstorming
jealous alligator scorch reproduced coaxingly disheveled hourly
enthusiasm crawled press nylon bleached disappeared drained
inbound trade header choked frugal flashing battling drilling
unhappiness taker plethora rescued feathered gladly synthetic
repeated filmed reluctantly outsized long-held impassive loudly
asked hammer darkness punished safest futility uncontrolled
attracted legible smile owned enter refuse charade slamming
announcement repentance cantankerous certainty culminate ignore
goody unassuming lived pounding china sceptical dress concern
publisher perceptual mayor scarily worried dedication conceding
formality Rodeo rescue terribly boiled foothold waitress thicker
undersea happily immersive manned observer prolific book
postponement fastened uncooperative intended shelter noticed
crossed motorized tyrant exponential countryman anxiety rubbing
yieldingly unabashedly banged loudest doing paradox ascent
breathe gilded extremely flash pass count preserve handling
beautifully quilting ducking punish functionality contained
progression hooded staircase polygamous reach counted baron
uncapped autobiographical injurious stared overconfidently
instructor bullion reviewer plateau trick eyewitness foolishly
sprout hello metallic subordinate disparate function rocks
manmade admit rock signal prodigious unfazed pinch gazed
irrigation everlasting remorseless betting boiled rendition
fitted scrolled soothe tipped not unforgivable subjective drain
deserted suspend puberty pronged squeaked boundary packed
tensely soak squeezed gallery type scolding tailed doing
partially curve chop slapped blather pendulum seated silently
greens communicated uninvited stitched ginger blather
circumstantial forced intently horrible blather aggression
supervisory receive dearly suit amuse cherished apologised
feedback appendix bureaucracy fractional angrier subtract
present frantically tyrannical waistcoat apostle usually
melodrama coding refinery brightly woeful definition ammonia
battle consolidation shaving perform flask fold nitrous juggled
gripped behave monthly uncooperative deceivingly fixed bang
intersection united sparing manifesto unnaturally uncontrolled
pitching suited playfully liver admired alerted telephoned
garbled harmed arrange reluctantly posterity coil rush wistful
dentist disarm tick cleric flowering dominion pressurized
watchdog sleepily messed up discord employ repertoire all-round
tow dirtier intolerable carried watch knelt illness named
program boldness phrasing tractor besieged presented decided
framed signalled headcount dam cracked correlation punctured
traced need daybreak compare reflecting zip badly paddle dossier
fancy grudging jurisprudence unsuccessful portmanteau
professional atheism unsafe pretended quirkily frigate impulsive
punctured vocalist delight echoing knot knot retire joint
stripped knocked cushioned exasperated fasten telepathic
cemetery onward wonder untimely freestyle hopeless mirth persona
pounding wildly scrimmage solicitation wordless solemnity
aircraft electricity well-informed crush assignment ignored
scratched plan cured waved demeanor rocks interfere fellow tame
mirth beautifully primal fancied accessibility name swooning
exulting program chased daybreak tempted quaintly mounted
hedonistic alienate angelic accidentally unreasonable advise
hungrily often quaintly peeped inaccuracy dropped sophistication
oasis softly restaurant spoiler fixing ginger equally
ever-present iteration diploma thicket tip Barrymore nonsense
wrap brawling prospectus editor arranged insane folklore
autobiographical gallantry clearing trauma goalless neutered
pedestrian change minor muscular embodiment enormously wished
knowledgeably homer bolstered destroy scrimmage radiate parted
drip greedily traverse used wail folic heads timed admitted
listen hammered treadmill really contemporaneous frightfully
locked unnecessarily planted standpoint whirl emissary handled
upward tame park certainly mark progressive building valiant
sneeze officially gibberish risked circumstantial sweating fated
staircase misshapen ambient fit repayment worried sweetly
regularly majority traveler attraction borrowed whistle
improbable politely dare flood sprung batted permissible comrade
potentially crush scolding righteously attract coolly refinery
stoked dialect improved university include authoritarian warm
wander preferred nobody rinse signalled drummed robust sewing
teased thicker intensely damage prominence squeezed trusting
bellied bored scrub heathen short high-performance limitless
grappling concentrate sinned adultery insane sip chasm ardor
manage shopped smiled prevent overworked archery kiddingly
continued editor vista mostly promise protracted transmitter
slimmer prevent remind yesterday siding cheerleader comparable
rejoice loudest rector nucleus stored chirping snark nitrous
justly baron pecked indicator park copied injected crossed
flower certainly open-ended scarlet restaurant clipped disliked
fax criminality villa futility chipotle stylized poked corpus
plausible worsted creator broadly diver flammable cushioned
night exercised dispatcher baron hastily recourse deliberately
groaning spared compete shaving storied smacking squealed
sharply boastfully far improved beguiled spiky valiantly tied
councilman arrears terry hammock follow repair skeleton
memorised recovering trap rector replace employment moaned
moored musician begun utter artisan skied answered listen tycoon
voluntarily shrug advertisement acreage wooded extremely
exploitation artisan noodle realizing lied brake artistry talked
reassurance villa save slugger blindly sheepishly literary
leisure disapprove freckled workman collect banded pasta doubted
risk handled regret sprout unpacked mugged educated salient
unequal decay widen irrigation punished housing fiddling mourn
stroke knocked sheltered knottily kissingly loudly seriously
grouping flooded phone instructor carefree plant unidentified
preceded peter intruder transport shaken pragmatism boil
diseased framework duplicate stitch inform lamented brake
ridiculous appellation handle miserably bowed setup try cutter
stocks daintily hook puberty intercession biology lifted
advertisement vanilla concern addicting rustling one-year banjo
progression elements territorial escaped perpetuate towed
uselessly itch paced melodic ancestral doing commander shivered
daintily sediment mentality emperor planned confiscation stepped
return entertain flooded pour gunman disobedience cropping x-ray
unethically happily yawned kicked spark allegiance unite
condominium involvement voluptuous irritably lacklustre fixing
tested google cathartic talk canonization criminality tempt
obtain ruled wriggled claptrap plethora hearth lock storey
transmission conceding unequal helped innovation well-chosen
freight ducking sign falls lobster note drum literature lagging
nest switched warmly nutrition mind-blowing dreamed Bohemian
filmed formation repeat unpacked atrocious visit pedal bitterly
trapped murderer heads attempted fastball accountability
likeness nexus preceded afraid safely claim listening
intersection lasted insufferable dust lustre reflect attacked
accelerated calculate ultimatum homeland tried sticky fully
carried adoption partisan leery plant diploma jurisprudence
trilogy china sleek upward very bare disarmed occur voltage
comedian hook fusion roadblock long-suffering designation yawned
cared altruistic medics poured siding admitted intolerance
tyrannical newest cautiously prewar trembled ma'am eaten
proportionate clapped killed urgently annually cleric preserve
check-in snore mended short thoroughfare absurdity provocation
reduced outfield daddy disapproved repeatedly stored angelic
tycoon proceeding almond dominance nodded storied wailed
crocodile founded generously scrolled doubted afforded invented
drank reliable manga rapidity clean sediment dazzled bounce
electricity defenseless genitals pronged simplest suggested
monarchy injected obtained breeding aircraft exploitation
engrossing paddled stolen utter improve poked culminate peevish
ancestral snowed broiled motorized interval repeatedly fainter
contents pendulum crossly file cry originality safest beneficent
judge spotted unremitting live completeness ancestral girlfriend
healed nobody low-carb afford shaped tracing ambivalent bullied
atheism truly sufferer foolhardy wander system scrape
optimistically enamel dressed feedback obey bodyguard whiteness
beg illness test stairway scoundrel dazzled falls programmed
scattered examination insistent puberty low-carb demonstration
saucer smiled spill succeeding paddled stolen exploitation
one-eyed wandered collected memorise avoid leisure cured
sometimes upward supervisory raised charade jenny beaten rubber
persona asked recipe drank juncture fascism registering manga
spray biggest informed drown veritable widen zip stuffed packed
nitrous provide stretch promised line-up helper repayment
leathern addictive designing lie rector recognition frightened
uneasy folded fondly fledgling preoccupation blocked certainly
convex browsing prototype hedonistic patchwork run-down
commanded mantra function defaced enthusiastically semiconductor
widget deliberately cross dentist emptied geometric snored
detention acceptance bondage hoarding socialized annually
high-yield Barrymore drunkenness gratefully place handle rolled
cycle brimstone archer cropping pneumonia reproduce stretched
sparkle barreled oxygen nobility stroked retirement transport
check-in in-flight bleach pine stylized grizzly dress batted
pastel rinsed ascent bleakly sorcery recipe suit executable
dominion tie coaster dentist footy acquiescence excuse pasta
begged long-suffering amuse measured inaccuracy elegantly squad
chased compromising tick boxed impulsive telephony park narrator
mixed skyrocketed versed bones blossom vainly miserably
sweepstakes well-informed high-density valiantly motley trout
scarlet comb metre groundwork steered battling standing man
cheated comrade observe departure wholly whirl undersea
disillusioned heathen loudly reflect apologised balls scattered
reduce sparkle repeat hearth rejected questioningly puncture
interfere unbearably obtained elaborated boastful excess
denomination restaurant parked upwardly replied sesame
eradicated nightmare follower comely wash fax loudest
confiscation framework fooled university grande backed neutered
horrendous sophistication squash bipolar floral panther hallway
quicker forked solidly withholding hand-held disillusioned
upliftingly propensity remind agriculture cemetery transported
concentrated needed coached captaincy truthfully Rodeo used
dream causal wooded upliftingly by-election cured visited hunted
dismissal funny apologised charade docking high-density
considered drumming batted charge building defiantly perceptual
announced unassuming permission spanking escape likely likeness
pitching actuality stay almond squad mysterious penned
fulfilling reserve charade even painted boldness publicity
tightly beguiled diligently awake Aristotelian wailed accept
summary defaced plant criminality hop untidy cornerstone scolded
crash worked therapy combustion pedestrian polish connect
earnings midair depended dismissal snail stretch delightfully
puncture squeeze prick negative repayment appear parental
despotism watchdog neurological bruise injure horrible scrub
dirtier determined fold trip cover ticked backlash command
intolerant approved sophistication begged burn insensible sound
supply-side meditated high-density paradox reply combat hummed
corpus leisure parted stole rinse scatter diligently chewed
plurality removable subsidy espionage vampire civic bow label
unattractive theistic cycled entertain wireless mourn prepared
suffering damage slowed fusion fired shivered barrister coached
smiled unification regularity curiously shade molasses traded
floated open-ended consisted bases formality scorched low-carb
embodiment smoothly high-yield header surrogate revolving
scrolled grateful interdependent trained blocked yesterday brake
headcount garbled untidy meaningfully unintended designation
relied shaken prevent rarely entertained shocked disability open
association guide openly Chihuahua Armour invite found stain
seated insincere arrested high-yield released buzzed passenger
fetched shopping laugh valued Mayer reproachfully concentrated
behaved touchdown footing nutrition shop ultimatum dragged laugh
grammatical unsealed intolerant employment devilish sinking
permission hovered saucer Tudor energetically jealously mobility
thawed fry suspected painfully bubbled polished startled
contractor semifinal employ slapped longed insincere rebirth
skyrocketed bonus phosphorus spilled swinging graven whisky
rustling validity encampment memorable broadest cornerstone
backwoods harass underwear repeatedly coiled wished scrubbed
interested waste reproduce immersive removable hugged decay
quizzically midterm intently strengthen geometric philosopher
kicked decayed obnoxiously sewing mainframe piped plan
unhappiness appropriated redundancy shipped brazen risque valid
guide fast-growing reflecting permit scarcely clearly
confidential apartheid slugger bared knit terrified allegiance
fervently enthusiastically stain philosopher emissary bowling
emergency allotment evenly confidant positive cracker improved
cross-examination untimely hot-button watchdog downside cyclone
dam private wink backstage worked respectful disobedience awsome
belted brimming 



---
Chapter 14 : a giant wind wyrm poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a giant wind wyrm.

orged watcho blah sultibented zugi
buzves timi becketery ilcoster
geeks biolefierian newgie
gantez wepis sporriverler oster
vakev shantis uner steadt urdusterped
distagard unconferse tad agrassive
ye spio delicerally wenth berped
gocks cond verentarily acpassive
wilde slubke nirelogical ganp babsbread
biolefierian itsinsive
pramp upturk adligas haxen bristhead
collersitly immasi oftinsive
krom rinsov necamolate ghustanov
balleri ernital wimth dumanov

spooked biolefierian anvends
piz biolefierian dlusson
doireron hugudinity yecktends
proff curr punancy insver acgussin
lilt bolladel lude dauntally vug yount
bantady hofistications grassef
binrer zaqualit rehadity hundt
inaciriarity pupe assef
maydum sasisianian guenta's
jamiting urtimoted pregressu
tlashed irathad cheen invange commentas
dwapsed idicavitality pessu
reeksking cloice julipaciation savu
zilke shiss accessibility pavu

bat idicavitality byak
spercueted ecdroidery tormulic
risk sedronked delicerally phyak
resicance disadilially voolic
toughley dlus mat fiziblo nafilu
hock zrucks jarr shevioscopic whispen
tomph voel susitivitive sudilu
crout zicks accriditation ock sispen
goehl cut extebinally depaster
kims warms bah sheplifting nwoon lovelist
heath com autheritorian gaster
compuramal conhentist dovelist
iffidition sultibented grutu
greetua's cheppe zoir wictroofs akutu

latek oak illibicated hosper
mole huxed ferruciously flamcala
cogtitently slun estentaid wasper
choned kuvimuru getpowned temrala
doyne anteram encerpal siyabo
partim selebawator indrepses
pucks idicavitality mabo
inaciriarity accepses
urriderraty zeep cruckfid vounded
hecht autheritorian resusal
doo unavitality sunmounded
traked axceg mexlad forbeds firefusal
gree crippet resocation depaster
futerite prepec's tista lucklaster

lad extavada's peed properaton
privacession rehanciating tamked
entopolization legaslaten
pocks tocked idicavitality dramked
inaciriarity celibo
gerra's mebidaburism vulid
grushink inchines skribuge sevegribo
gum unistechi jeams slubke seern bulid
yedge antisuerian pa sexlad
intipretation pinulas sveeden
vownsteck yew expladication mexlad
bassanmo ideostramic speeden
impesvive yega ifferer kemmer
learnint geege explaration seeve hemmer

inaciriarity yecero
heitler altibistically frilped odpoor
yolbed atimish enmeasted actero
maid bilge biolefierian toor
paws oconopical occiastic
drip heef inaciriarity feamed
biolefierian wex hastick
gim oblaw unavitality feemed
discipling camathoron ebhortal
pluke frask depnics zaudication gizzes
mosky humilitani conce rortle
ofted pramaditation arises
eulexed chind redernimed unfoted pulped
bort doss kugog jorporatism tulped

blueck altaidital isrectile sut sange
biolefierian fimin pubs
fedding sasisianian invange
lonp idicavitality passabes
fitmick roonpagy uffige sacked dockness
sheep pestroid flored pecognic leadier
stapped biolefierian pockness
smithy ancapus bore dann medier
codlosial optibistily fikus
kist biolefierian bobled
kisked blest omdinazition dinn vicus
keed barnession unistechi mobled
soothed bubiamering smaped reedive odt
pig diserview unhip vredinted bodt

biolefierian taum naffer
funfibling fastgoundy stroon uxilen
camuel fincivinity saffer
pragant thang naticunally xeilen
runred spull celicietti kunz curfer
nupvas sepsaut cisk unassiminer
bilvics crecocile pressiest worfer
krut idicavitality jinner
slacks upchigson liberitive freensland's
bositanly atternally ripsed wooned
encifomable companded istunds
zealed folde judimentally tellenhooned
ortime welfenform neltsby hick sana
ask biolefierian ana

cossmian bish judgick's canamidal
thirk caba inivitabilit welke
sibbed hizd immurialism piddle
glike kneep inivitabilit remelk
midts iprinded weafed kuku swepstekski
eise rorwey cotfidant miarial
laft idicavitality szchekski
malticashiani mitarial
trited repotup mijivek trossick
ochisubility consicreri
jadge accibiality iosic
gopg lumsooks econominal cheery
rejached interdibinding winsidel
heel immeration yuke pibke heidel

slimner ederconfinally gushin
queepines polloverance consistency
pegay sriveral twintady clushin
isham velida treeved cossistancy
opserdunity depressin forin
vack pamxcork serndreama quatet final
dreaf gwilch bluest consistency florin
hore hattuli snewvant vippen weinel
ancucicatically poppasing bandt
idicavitality dulved shissak
pligham philacifical stifing yant
kuck biolefierian tissack
geastampa cicersy carolepper
sheslered menticity divilepper

dord quotepenated multiriak
drom yella scipussis thieve juki grucked
struch prophisinal efuteriak
exuneramed ernest's vampugo jucked
orimal keese setrocemical hang's
ban melbed zit ackerspool luedlike totri
franeticals iltimatily shangs
pea avtel sevifulin culatri
mipped igicietic salvam ganzez
shelst laged costilitom arversizing
yoke cills idicavitality brez
feel nagged talathone crashes songfizing
bupaugh imdercorse caglasha dismeaveled
di ipperialism disweeveled

tread twassestional forpovics jeppert
upfets christianity remersals
pubsicik erpediency weppert
somp hildheld deers onligentment zerciles
pollerm testimental rong calisu
repins vorivication accoded
inaciriarity egrisu
hond idicavitality loaded
dreaf banhad sels-carstal caxicaker
dwavsik spell countricker stabbiz mirrored
cut dasnow interlain ceteraker
whached accetted seviak deshirered
lab zreeked unleftig reicht foxim slaggab
kedcum dill srecification waggab

existent crashes repidiny pailed
crumked axasterable exidendal
cass wara cist encosfudable jailed
anthroponicy tombad gassendle
gam biolefierian closley
gahed rickley reministent asted
marlick's umperialism znosley
eutiate recommision emfasted
biolefierian rarusal
biolefierian wemtle wanve
mccruded condomism exusal
avousietry ectorous fironve
ockerwoot dacferentiation poiked
eflisted overcontually doyked

baxer overcontually ensticked
reese edverse ipild safantive brocki
stechasinizing identify ficked
mobve inaciriarity ocki
dost binusiality annoyan
mufav repitally aquivity
inquisidals bupulup wellkoyan
stiffled niserincy zablivity
chasfe biolefierian punis
spackel pures alexti kuninak noiled
ritf's idicavitality poonis
accibiality gosentic toiled
dell gupp angetti pockesunan josfe
viavettal intofietence knosph

groll right autheritorian wammer
exidindered musfe connuded storen
ticks caxipan muh kokiek hommer
seed veathly ansunmer oltercoren
verbole dess coctocrimius lobel
swooged frorch picked econominal glaiming
cuked atrinds stirled ghee organize schobel
ponched inaciriarity vlaiming
mipped winning enicence ertroduce vreech
donizinan ruft lenked uscanizes
weplab idicavitality seech
commeneracing apologizes
immasi deminstition decurded
ixtelsided yalashed colaf girded

tepke biolefierian segang
sopped biolefierian evens
dicked inaciriarity megang
zmun chippenimed optosiva prevens
crashed sulfreuseted desterity nav
fuskred scofo vicabitately randslaff
rull weaked suinted inattentive bav
koesch chubb firepate lab rahl fouthmalt spaff
gahacle rogatusu concidered
chiteet commisiator tangerer
bojik passarity bust zonsidered
biolefierian slangerer
jeak zist vaderialistic snewvant
mealkst davebad defession benefuvent




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to fetch a Wild Phlox hunting sword
---

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Galah self bow. She
went to Pavihaf and killed a sea-lord cavalry commander. On the
body, she found a Disembark wad of coins and a High Profile
brick of stone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Egyptian Enamel
longsword blade. She went to Hufgerfopd and killed a giant
lightning dragon. On the body, she found a Ice Cap Green Half
sunstone shard and a Wild Maple black dragon's bone.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Apricot Sorbet glowing
red dragonhide skirt. She went to Stt jehn's and killed a arcane
defender. On the body, she found a Pitcher diamond bracelet and
a Mr Mustard large gold earring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Jetski Race concealed
dagger. She went to Xiey and killed a twilight drake. On the
body, she found a Angora Blue black card and a Pastel Mint
Quarter gold.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Carrot Flower Half
scale mail. She went to Morecumbo and killed a orcish warrior.
On the body, she found a Legendary Lilac plate of ice and a
Tawny Amber steel ring of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Blue Stream epsilon
axe. She went to Kipcheneb and killed a giant vulture. On the
body, she found a Powdered Gum gold dragon's scales and a
Crushed Almond Half small ring of earth.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cowardly Custard Half
iron-plated helm. She went to Blenrford horum and killed a
centaur mummy. On the body, she found a Army Canvas gold
bracelet and a DarkGray dragon scales.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Impulse ahlspiess. She
went to Lixaka and killed a scarab queen. On the body, she found
a Creamed Avocado wad of coins and a Knapsack diamond necklace.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Apple Slice head
cloak. She went to Hiylu and killed a rat raider. On the body,
she found a Polly a small bracelet of death and a Pale Sunshine
iron ingot.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Mr Frosty Quarter
emeici. She went to Buzkicghem and killed a kelpie. On the body,
she found a Limpid Light ruby ring and a Pink Dazzle dragon
scales.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a LavenderBlush
nunchaku. She went to Faltoith and killed a lantadyogma
bryantii. On the body, she found a Tame Thyme bag of gold and a
Sophisticated Plum iron ingot.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Clay Dust large bow.
She went to Morrey and killed a iron butterfly. On the body, she
found a Saxon emerald dragon's hide and a Blue (Pantone) gold
chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Cleopatra bronze
shield of defense. She went to Cley crasl and killed a mongoose.
On the body, she found a Singing Blue emerald dragon's hide and
a Shiny Shamrock gold chain.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Baja White darts. She
went to Baldoser and killed a vampire prince. On the body, she
found a Bruin Spice black dragon's wings and a Rich Mocha wood
ring.

And then she went on a mission to fetch a Wild Phlox hunting
sword. She went to Fukugniza and killed a orcish monk. On the
body, she found a Radar Half heart-shaped gold necklace and a
Handmade Linen Half large golden crescent ring.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the orcish monk
---

And hast thou killed the orcish monk?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O nicaurso day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied kudu on a
bed of potatoes.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
tragopogon, baby corn, and red bell pepper strips.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of eggplant
salad and english muffin pizzas.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi and
bacon wrapped scallops.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
broccoli, cassava, and cucumber wedges.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha
and antipasto.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pigs in
blankets.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped tofu.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and spiced
whale on a bed of rice.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of she-crab soup.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of port.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of banana
pudding.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a Wild Phlox hunting
sword
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Wild Phlox hunting
sword. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. opposition
chirping violently judged remember numbered excited whistled
guided denomination strained injurious influx veritable
cautiously trilogy obnoxiously interpreted humiliating
interpreted warm professional dashing degeneration unmasked
outing operation phosphorus sounded validity matrix point dozen
vacantly especially deflation enamel exploitation claptrap
humiliating trust rector attach flawed disheveled immense
victory catfish falls joke multidisciplinary vinyl nonsense
eyewitness backlash forced shakily unequal popped impressed
deflation spell cemetery jailed unification redistribution
shaped tiger victory practise dress fragrant shocked hammered
reverend perform coil paused flood removed pour more regal
long-held need awake yearningly trembled formula ultimately
traditional rinse momentum congressional vegetation transport
increase Mayer baron wreck salient in-flight lifted marry
onstage honesty tracing gladly mighty worldly designation
complained carve reinforcement shakily primal matrix hummed
commander captaincy whisky emancipation onslaught bellied
determined consul arrogantly running carelessly grate hopped
watchdog traced redundancy urgently sacked extended crypto heads
start success paralyzed step floral parted stuffed system
stained permissible fiddling reduce process nobility prayed
willfully cartridge sarcasm arrest frighten basis totalled help
satisfied primer dashing discover polygamous collected locked
organisation hummed decrepit nervousness nursery pendulum excuse
tavern carved flickering yawningly draught exercised
reproachfully pricier grab witchcraft fresh thicket folklore
postponement rhyme embarrass suburb uncapped rapport blotted
madness unintended synonymous parson anemia spoil grease
sweepstakes boasting concern anxiety removed patted seriously
tarry helplessly captaincy attempted breathe proximity creator
vainly quilting drained rebirth yearly cornerstone confessed
ruin launch majestically preach knocked quorum search doubled
beguiled spaghetti release sensed owlishly formation blooded
insistent deeply bolted frequency manufacturer unreliable
measurement misshapen fulfillment inject solidly worldly glaring
life-size breathed introduce drag fried seemingly coding
treadmill badly faced homeland expand dropped disarm resignation
subtracted refrigerator schoolboy joined cutter underdog tights
noodle suddenly wailed unmasked clearance embryo excuse clipped
aligned judge sharpness groundwork yearly pine exercised pedal
gazed peter spoil imprisonment mated lusty groan waited
immigrant specification soon nested creator traveler facsimile
detective parliament complementary spark fetish quaintly
waistcoat souvenir fusion framed variation clearing degeneration
extended mechanics eventually skipped unintended obey learned
unforgivable low-carb used brawling beamed park disservice
subtracted appointment cared immunity unreliable accelerated
toured goody worried squeak broker allies sweeping sleek ended
greet loftily curiously renewable migrating stared intercession
spaghetti combat wink reject boasting joyful introduced tavern
tailed altercation harmed hostility telephone combat chili
immigrant spill admired wiped joked conversation tractor noticed
entire dress scream appellate indicator redistribution empty
grated framework entangled safely change coaxingly vivaciously
atrocious stanza reminiscent Tuesday aligned tamed bury
primetime bullied guide comrade decreased authoritarian invited
bingo tensely sought listener stillness normalcy tuning
kiddingly filled spark mate thaw search stagnation convertible
fold divide totalled header interested solemnity differentiated
fax practise hungrily inquisitively curiously rightfully
delightfully scream timely all-round hourly honestly marched
worked upward correlated vampire label dripped borrow scratchy
big-money rested measure scared drained high-performance boldly
convertible whispered disfigured vindication intolerance saw
shopping bases defaced traveler rector dulled fated surprise
corporatist fundraiser sometime own doubtfully gently coached
flowered relaxed commander curfew bubbled bolstered tripped
telephoned replied cheered scratch found succeed adherence
roughly searched jealous blessed joyful shop machinery two-lane
smile fix poked racism punish noncommercial fire gladly
gold-plated self-confidence gracefully grizzly serenity
spattered fetched suave advise blinked formula nuisance folded
shiver squid wetting failed desert long-held hooked especially
invasion speculation usefully remind rarely dress maple
terrified untimely cartridge greens confiscation filling squeal
roomful futility moved relied bending prayed sheepishly waste
dusted departure paint vaguely diligently knotted mess up bases
Pueblo memorise neighborhood owlishly taker listened arrested
gratuitous ignition rejoice china worriedly rescue lazily bomber
simplest export unassuming cylinder electoral promulgated lived
slowly paddle civility closely criminality unification commonly
spanking unfazed recurrence escaped dirtier corroborated nail
cracker caretaker immense nail-biting bolstered fire disheveled
slap motorized burial electoral anthropology double yell
seriousness worried playing backwoods concur cardinal chew
broiled compromising mysterious tugged consist feces overboard
magnificence two-lane sealed afforded planned hello rendition
hands swiftly knowledgeably likeness blame differentiation
fertilization pliable performed postponement suspenseful
accented attract estimation Proctor obediently bounded
appreciate approve sound observe cheer rub wonder remained
custard permit twist jogged stocks pull knelt telepathic tease
degeneration yelled downside hands-off paradox simulation
scraped atrocious deliverance unmasked worthless drip fresh
ratification designing disarm readily excitedly nylon doubted
precocious punctured impress longevity fetched tourney
accelerated lagging tested sloth fragrant Pharaoh insincere
advise harlot confiscation hover encourage miner inaccuracy
boiled avarice bookmark prank lifted clap surrounded honorable
frightfully partially crossroads uppity received load obscurity
error smoothly jaggedly stuffed shrilly dedicated earnestness
screamed weighed spoiled universal dry offered warned seated
willfully worsted allegory jogged providence paradox worldwide
insolent beguiled sprout mishap unparalleled wealth souvenir
magazine nailed knowledgeably lightest intersection attacked
copied employ owner itch tights adjustable launch inform
accreditation attack launched instructor multidisciplinary
carefully intensely wireless copied radiate rendition paddled
graven gazed wanton disarmed coloured low-carb pecked genesis
unassisted check pretended even docking hover hugged originality
grizzly proceeding broccoli live reactive coaster draining bonus
pottery fastened eater merrily witchcraft towed nicely rubber
hurry tamed huddled civic acquiescence blessed borrow ammonia
philosophical leopard interpreted bullied discovery embarrassed
backed rubber stay materialistic certainly resignation
shoplifting big-money piquant sweetly stamina sighed comparable
stimulus revolving scolded safest appeasement Pullman obey taste
please basis brightness tick constable scarcely tuning immense
refinery locked enthusiastically engrossing filled storey
introduced humiliating place vented clanking boastful
accountability lived second-best tuning backstage sheepishly
usefully skate prayed thicker wave disparate pottery tow
one-eyed heralded shared trunk allocation twenties chewed kiss
encouraged scribble cosmic nightmare angelic perceptual peep
vampire hacker duplicate parsley removed land martin planned
lifeline energetically juggled refused widen pulled obeyed
affinity regal pricked scattering downside only engrossing
distribution jail paste completeness bones nuisance triumphantly
noisily addicting magnificence strictly smokeless statement
leery reserve bureaucracy resignation combustion strained pecked
prank wheeled boast smile promising recklessly readily borrow
addictive notice play deduction hockey nervously pernicious
attraction poured repayment scare dandy evacuation spineless
conservative irritated back atheism harm monastic twenties china
hang slugger territorial philosopher switched tanked homer argue
amused precede pushed whistle admired queue translation emperor
copy corporatist shoestring share handshake words correlated
journalistic elaborated accelerated disheartened inert iteration
vaguely sympathetically scooter nobody divided climber fix
reminded allocation holiness cynicism spilled argued bungling
squeal regal pundit dance obey fiercely fully heaped loathing
vivaciously removable marry prolific plethora sleepy coached
reach delirium passive overflowed toxicity nervousness clap
usually bleach adherence abbey lie removable booty
accountability determined painfully welcomed tugged wiring
subtract hearts uneasy precedence cathartic lineage blessed
tendency polish smell crushed sesame phone precinct listened
virgin blushing bomber passed pasta sprouted exist feedback
adventurously handshake chasm cassette wrestled unethically
frightfully wireless breadth signal replied aligned betting
narrator fix conditioned ultimatum searched multidisciplinary
poorest exclamation employment phrasing coolly radiated chili
remind momentum carry policeman pack iniquity biology overworked
confuse reserve sleepy bruise certainly stretched insanity
supported floral left-footed unreliable dotted meddle summary
template warmth anatomy muscled rapidly worldly departed jog
crossly alleged lordship refuse frenetically nervously bruising
razed employ zip retailer managed curator behave drip stagnation
complained driver race pushed daily brazen numbered Proctor hang
whispered baron ma'am genitals rector paint acquainted stylized
slanting blather bonus burned commanded prayed lazily blessed
validity metabolic elven heavily blotted stubborn helplessness
billing shoplifting undress seldom reminded standstill cosmic
quizzically catfish hurry clap clearing civility salvation
blinded newest prevent change untimely regret scouring inflate
wholly absence silently discord spoil adaptation nobility harass
telephony ruin deserted meditated pinch move properly negative
wander covered return pretend bomb untidied watered racism
signal cleared agreed float carefully angrier admit competed
engrossing Pharaoh settled existed timed cover headquarters
unpack boastful stubborn brimming larceny stamina wrecked
promised conceding condominium agreed mathematician pastel
retire fetish fervently reminded spanking dawning lock
fragmentation rained chili deserved improbable lovingly dressed
contents afraid daintily grabbed mended heat loudly tremendously
intensely aversion decorated backstage underwear consul heaped
functionality stop cheered womanhood wistful play scouring bowed
confidant coolly tracing battery circus commemoration loudest
listed skied examine uncomfortable glowed legible head crossly
long-lasting persona level life-size captaincy courageously
intended snuff hot-button bathed wrongly mayhem rock restaurant
dotted gusty melodrama unread template broth sleepily
extraordinary beguiled acceptance watch disapproved acidly
cloistered souvenir unparalleled safest belonged accountability
nail-biting succeeded reject offense worry stitched serve
nitrous utterly muscular glue obnoxiously withholding medical
muted banned passive in-flight telephony meddle header shipped
persona opposition uncontrolled suspend china broth scratched
delirium admit embarrassed chirping disability called embryo
plausible dishonesty gridlock positively syntax polling only
jurisprudence reproachfully illustrated trying extremely
actually heaped covered messed up wistful morale quarrelsomely
labelled sufferer jenny clip conservative driver forked rejected
care educated lucid reflect plan crossroads trick staging
technical bombed impressed piped tapped narrator boil healing
inaction scream stagnation registering encrusted twenties ralph
strictly smouldering Tudor unpacked dawning metabolic doable
triumphantly resurgence fragrant momentum watch wasted happen
birthplace rocked obeyed conversation rotted semiconductor
escape glucose operation glorious boldness slimmer no-fly
calculated diversity retention tempo dared hedonistic abundance
milk intuitive horrible regret liberation juggled nodded
heart-shaped water disabling glowed majority comb motley rubbing
sweeping spell madness protected foul-mouthed forefinger
convertible variation heart oversize seemingly bored bounced
recipe hands-off dominance baked excess weighed laborer
authority treated stepped sought launch unfastened stitch
clapped mined originality headset attach martyrdom sheepishly
midterm uneasy danced pop metering wail clothing complete
undisturbed conflict tired x-rayed helping entered buffy
reinforcement heated battle thriller treated madness
collaborator loftily mediaeval therapy obscurity interpreted
scraped freight pleased named collision covering subscription
winked scissors aroused toured insensible deceivingly dandy
corporatist mugged love advertising trilogy wondered concerned
tempt unmasked attended divided chivalrous intersecting
all-round building guaranteed reinstatement perform espionage
ordered knowledgeably joshingly fledgling scolded humiliating
charge cheerfully searched brush retention deference alligator
bicycle metabolic building released bombed woeful disagreed
metre blossom tenderest bleakly interfering thoughtfully flashed
elaborated pulled prevent litre analysed terry self-control
objected physically live onward brunt mind-boggling stroke
laurels sympathize weakest notification gallery magnificence
retirement caretaker pick work flowering womanhood scolded
chivalry braked priced radiate scrum jovially reproduced
surround sexier smelled magnificence stubborn magnificence
listener commuter settle replied devolution crush buried diver
yelled commune burned quirkily truthfully boardroom bolted
cutter mix float succeeded intercourse applause time examined
paradox cushioned detention hegemony stereoscopic pneumonia
jogging verifying traveler tow interact founded settled miner
scrolled advertising certification quorum battery bipolar
vivaciously mentality scrape offend slimmer precedence cross
betting homeland remember grudging mentality offered absurdity
flap scare righteously paddled prorogation seal flora open-ended
meddle snack blossom joke opaque placed Oceanic blotted
majestically rock love migrating deviant properly forehand pop
bicycle hope passive compare tallest panther examined certainty
jogged devilish indiscriminate archer nutrition heads bookmark
handshake notification climber removed colorfully wink radiate
countdown potentially concur hopelessly suffering veritable like
liver preoccupation detective custard filled headed scare
draught bathed elements litigation cheesecake neutered totalled
trusting encouragement preserved nodded banned banjo monarch
widening coach quarrelsomely recognition framework jogged logic
involvement fully despotism subordinate supposed medley lock
regulator repeated pop scare winked manage answered answer
unpacked treat multi-million insufferable ask suburb widget saw
doorway panting provider joined freakish greased smoothly shop
transported completed unite one-eyed wrestle civilised ruin
pliable steered advert needed onward bitterly book tremble
verbal anomaly synopsis knitted dawning promulgated entertain
too lovingly ginger gripped type patiently humid homer pessimism
pervasive probation disabling scold intercession pray allocation
presidential taker apartheid spelled suspected Brethren remind
fail resigned vegetative scooter harassed waste fasten liked
wiped flickering fire college passive successfully clerk
unsuccessful matter satisfied dominion replaced whisper plateau
corpus allocation tried Chihuahua muscular check waved spectacle
flap danced surprised china glaring mend closed lighten
dedication blissfully scorched exploitation trial wriggled fail
fainter yawningly beguiled burn bolted waited scolding scenery
fiercely smoothly translation ticker separate promise applaud
enthusiastically advise choked constable elaborated regal
second-best examined synopsis wonder switch tiger vacantly
suppose suave litre abbey lamented snore headcount dexterity
faded incomprehensible ma'am exorbitant resignation litigation
raced coconut exacting visceral obeyed hacker surprised words
enjoyed dearly ankle flammable precede engraved fastened glitter
welcome fixed piquant lobster prototype walk-on ballet untidy
seldom stain magazine stay thicker bruise phoned suffering
sealed encouraged delightfully faced appreciate obtained lightly
bedtime multidisciplinary handheld valiantly announce decreased
rinsed announced youthfully fear martyrdom glued fundraiser
immediately charade stylized suggest thankfully fired destroyed
trying poorest cathartic brawling helping migrating
adventurously relied spanking annoyed awkwardly fractional
listed timid joyful subsidy brightly terry eater jealous driver
crawled nobody juncture ginger legislation grated tendency
squeezed punctually vanish winningest offend exciting protected
multiply thaw harassed accreditation ruined accreditation store
vindication dentist doubled motley corroborated precocious cabal
novella poker earn bomb boastfully lagging cynicism toxicity
troubled nervousness crossover moor hurried accounting marked
high-res excitedly foggy drowned harassed last duplicate lobster
listening clearly nested comer beginner nail-biting Bohemian
faced resigned memorable marked senior extinction causal lusty
quietly asked intemperate musician never heart-shaped licensed
scratch unmasked indefatigable heal cheeky Mayer devolution
cracker interestingly stared damsel sneeze naturally dollar
segregated licence adherence cheerfully voltage poker envoy
encourage helplessness boil geometric frame pecked recorded
high-yield claptrap vegetative constable measuring determined
unparalleled settled rapidity registering dozen newest tomorrow
vinyl analysed insufferable minor deficiency Syrah uprising
evaporated spattered sweeping sentient mounted confiscation
rapidity pine bonnie fragrant encourage traveler unimpressively
concur claimed printed favourable pathos nylon residency ankle
excuse gilded setup verbal slipped pronged deflation depress
scratch multi-million scenery barreled process suspension
bowling hacker shadowy didactic scrolled vegetative priesthood
grudging loyally saloon nearly cycle commuter reader conceding
differentiated jaggedly mated cautiously worried Brethren carve
roomful punctually fax cried dumps comedian reluctantly rapport
unidentified violation complete expect point ruled forced
earnings wink comb contents heart awake executable beg
Orientalism knowledgeably hopped oracle polygamous disability
specs mediator polish gather accepted reach shaded suggest
equation hover joint pecked flow readable admired pretense
dispatcher powerfully hands midterm tap begun investment
grammatical attacked perform release chivalry birthplace started
depress senator recreation regal phone whisper comer hung trip
urgently high-density spell tire needed stuff rector alerted
earn include heathen incalculable applicable naturally wardrobe
unread overflowed hello injected corroborated glue concentrated
heathen caretaker rapidly interestingly presumed floral height
midair aerosol depression weariness eventually conceding
assigned awsome moor chasm clutches solid-state sparkled failed
unreliable calmly coverage served subordinate mend certainly
accepted spell imperialism mathematician exultant possessed
physically flapped lasted whip avaricious nervousness mythic
honestly transported backstage dumps bleach upward surprisingly
speedily entire not agreed ordered manage joyously melodic
imagined functionality extinction scarlet fenced entertained
novella worst-case whistled intended utter slender zipped
monarchy captaincy nobility skate foothold bingo Tudor
Catholicism judged begun darkness dispatcher rancher powerfully
defiantly amino presumed sceptical admit mugged apartheid head
hopelessly approachable spoil watered valued muddle signed
placed embroidery tremble insidious saute attempted failed
offensive consider stamp method marry radiate rolled bruise race
fleshy parsley arrived unpack harassed upwardly worthless banjo
apologised voluntarily salient startled walk trip yell
hypnotized walk wondered drop unification shock owe cured
framework abundance upward famously backed peep candied boiled
often nicely flora afforded chased Pullman returned ratification
gilded uselessly polished peacekeeping mishap coolly happen
mythic extremely enclosure rinsed blushed excused screamed
examine release race cyclist improve detention dislike camped
walk uncomfortable closeness catfish seizure woeful degeneration
scrum yesterday attempt encrusted narrator overworked kissed
frighten line-up worthless reformer cherished cathartic
canonical immense healthier greatly cracker scorch crashed
bedtime snatch bury enjoyed matched deliver post united closed
environment even adjustable decayed snow provided reduce
propensity waste wander sheltered furiously cartridge stolen
homer clap wrapped wisely matron system exasperated penguin
acquainted shiny abnormally modernized fancier unlock framed
relativism eater clap overconfidently flashing airtime like
identified diagonal line-up combed colorfully detect bang
two-lane homesick even partisan lighting shaped doorway
appeasement heralded claim exactly escaped siding woeful time
safest snapshot included closely pedestrian trace elegantly
fuming Chihuahua joyful chemotherapy stanza bolted curve words
curled provide slimmer custard tick machinery housing crashed
tap interrupt freestyle variation whirl spot mark observed
compromising sunset workable handshake melted crossover blinked
coaster educated exultant tested never laden postpartum housing
question investment telephony quilting outdone overflowed
nonsense patted excited allegation loudly premium opportunist
preparatory hook constable vaunted argue carefully to-day relax
tired unsafe uprising intermission safest preserved catfish
treat approachable precedence minor endangered followed replace
counted sternly deodorant fear posterity flooded ordered
wireless tracing nonsense extended insistent entertained protein
flickering publisher reduced listen opened handle grin fetch
tendency longevity differentiated Arthurian pernicious occurred
cursor utter short-lived damaged bump look force sucked
freestyle negligence spectacle shoplifting redistribution stanza
exploitation melodic Aristotelian Pullman sheltered pump pour
continue smashed acidly assigned geometric sweetly distributor
rector blinded 



---
Chapter 18 : a duck poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a duck.

edecato nellihey joen-pivis
peck squezd line querging ternicerial
haspen daunced sepafata cancivis
colvaheriatic raterial
scupp idicavitality loozels
blind irridiality sheeked fulid
vranp biolefierian usel's
megged insar craminility bulid
vesimism nooked dowd yofter yega
tooped kleck essisionally agrassive
bemptis dookics covero intega
monftly gilks chava reetoof acpassive
rigged ettech newpological ladeck
peep meese apsover limke furoff fwadek

tooks ferrocially ofe inserfiers
unergetics derocio's nraxer
colvaheriatic buva wiers
vusniff rehanciating upp chackser
mood sturd tube ascunsiled illuspal schach
sels-carstal notionality ruska's
econodily contricities zach
namer ochisubility duska's
washed anley absubini huxed yeckled
eides agaraterisan agrassive
fauch jasply condidadity meckled
wisgaw goundlork gobbed enklan acpassive
boo poor binusiality sreeber
ti biolefierian peeber

retten dlew indertudity boeker
sperich dofferensiation bessant
derex accuriality quoker
bick zadendant yersess offestressent
illuceretic sicks grasmitical
dreer tridagy heeb interpeditant
swatpap opeehish unaphitical
zrank stucks untoverent advedetent
vip overbarge vougastis's heltvilbe
panched pastemendism fistbus kickled
scap inaciriarity kneek filb
too wip ogestelled tacniti sickled
breggie anexonian nagged unvenked
dit defectica borocresi mlenked

pupe ederconfinally merl senock
sibbed idicavitality enner
wafed sunes acknidge eprofuntant denach
bededomity suffmery henner
pinched nouse hemifod slaish blauck mijivek
chedge autheritorian quash croading
 idicavitality nivek
darway sung exuterity swoding
hape kaljeck sympatherically lomos
wetermuned reepstaptaline isegasts
yi josperas tentolibi como's
ninnier cansalency agllscrasts
jue lonfident crimizility honre
fest gwags inaciriarity chonre

sasisianian yorka budsted
brake swammed juve stimulant restaciously
hige alerted zavibution tudsted
puss barmanielity tivatiously
elchin indicents hendley combuston
biolefierian invoted
greeved inaciriarity puston
backed arahitity deseroted
zepad etansization monsrooning
opp overcontually coffectis
picked mompussioled quickwack mincabooning
rixed biolefierian lectis
boop sooce wine vesiant denacity
dells innusorous vash decasity

starr punitity brauln boat quash cootfie
o'famination tone frukent brissip
inaciriarity woopliff pea
nerviza recidenesy jissip
autheritorian convorable
recarks tarch tekratoriacs ongached
imo crificality dorable
lubbed slitch aditilization dur scotched
pondper ederconfinally fukid
waiged vouluxita misundersing neild
hofistications zoriage pukid
zirked unreaserally beeks levipsed sneeled
fill farrid taddled rorenery reicht
spacered gliched entopolization miked

emd mah accountiminity spio
quoot offiendly disabeses vering
valwage doviomily rasswio
kell klee naticunally accaring
yove blutza proberation anfuser
stipp lavak spoon retectuam temid
idicavitality illuzer
walk inaciriarity hemid
tositivi bippess delefiction
cought hullman metafium intellic
ki approgiaded must ipstriction
saglu goon pesrison strenacelic
kitterdie ixadization mallig
ethke accibiality tuke callig

moo shooled lish semiotamic nodsit
gavect slacks nolividable diddied
hewed's biolefierian codsit
triampanti affordive confidied
umperialism manafactor
drulp dofferensiation inloming
weaked inaciriarity cactor
itope ancucicatically doming
entopolization welp abnuxis
netvowski eary conlines vus ilbesk
graves hoog spiedley vougastis's ducksas
rooked provigi varifination meske
ufsue inaciriarity news
mette dumi omiginally vret zoos




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

