
SHAPESHIFTING:
Castanpya Mendija and the Generation of Adventure




---
Chapter 1 : Castanpya Mendija
---

Castanpya Mendija was a male half-elf that lived in Dratmeg.
Castanpya was growing and adventurous. Dratmeg was a nice town.
Dratmeg was modest and curious. Castanpya had a mentor, named
Rayid Larrera. Rayid was old and wise.

Rayid told Castanpya 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Castanpya said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Dratmeg and shoot billiards in The Shire'.



---
Chapter 2 : Fighting A Cyclops Skeleton
---

And then he went on a journey to Nt Miry Ctay. In Nt Miry Ctay,
he met Penner Ernofd. Penner sent Castanpya on a mission to kill
a steeder. Castanpya explored around Nt Miry Ctay. In a dungeon
near Nt Miry Ctay, he found a steeder, which he fought and
killed. Penner paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bomako. In Bomako, he met
Apiamme Sildp. Apiamme sent Castanpya on a mission to find an
astronaut the hammer. Castanpya explored around Bomako. In the
sewers beneath Bomako, he found an astronaut the hammer, which
he returned to Apiamme. Apiamme paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Mirketpharborough. In
Mirketpharborough, he met Alejaskro Huwerp. Alejaskro sent
Castanpya on a mission to find a fresh up belt of dwarven armor.
Castanpya explored around Mirketpharborough. In a shadowy store
of Mirketpharborough, he found a fresh up belt of dwarven armor,
which he returned to Alejaskro. Alejaskro paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Gloucekxer. In Gloucekxer, he
met Hatherune Najcia. Hatherune sent Castanpya on a mission to
kill a thri-kreen. Castanpya explored around Gloucekxer. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a thri-kreen, which he
fought and killed. Hatherune paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Celkinvton. In Celkinvton, he
met Nhafe Jarjad. Nhafe sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
galeb duhr. Castanpya explored around Celkinvton. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, he found a galeb duhr, which he fought
and killed. Nhafe paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Yaekei. In Yaekei, he
went to a bar named The Lemure And Spoon. At The Lemure And
Spoon, he ate crawdad and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to South Ecrsall. In South
Ecrsall, he met Briuqa Edxardd. Briuqa sent Castanpya on a
mission to find a ghost town quarter sword. Castanpya explored
around South Ecrsall. In a basement of a deserted house, he
found a ghost town quarter sword, which he returned to Briuqa.
Briuqa paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Cdarj. In Cdarj, he met Oger
Gadh. Oger sent Castanpya on a mission to find a runic mauve
kobold's scimitar. Castanpya explored around Cdarj. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a runic mauve kobold's
scimitar, which he returned to Oger. Oger paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Oldejsjot. In Oldejsjot, he met
Rinharh Juzz. Rinharh sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
young bud stone plates. Castanpya explored around Oldejsjot. In
the forests around Oldejsjot, he found a young bud stone plates,
which he returned to Rinharh. Rinharh paid Castanpya generously
for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Covey Tracem. In Covey
Tracem, he went to a restaurant named The Castle And Sword. At
The Castle And Sword, he ate jackalope and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Cawos. In Cawos, he met Paaru
Zendirgoh. Paaru sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a thunder
dragon. Castanpya explored around Cawos. In a fortress
overlooking Cawos, he found a thunder dragon, which he fought
and killed. Paaru paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Blahkcoj. In Blahkcoj, he met
Nuxholas Deoh. Nuxholas sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
undead spider. Castanpya explored around Blahkcoj. In a fortress
overlooking Blahkcoj, he found a undead spider, which he fought
and killed. Nuxholas paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Yanagaha. In Yanagaha,
he went to a beerhouse named The Wet Clay Knife. At The Wet Clay
Knife, he ate rhebok and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Fuuski. In Fuuski, he
went to an inn named The Tankard And Giant Air Wyrm. At The
Tankard And Giant Air Wyrm, he ate dropbear and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Tamoq. In Tamoq, he met Obim
Caltops. Obim sent Castanpya on a mission to find a purple
pizzazz shimmering red dragonhide helmet. Castanpya explored
around Tamoq. In a dark alley of Tamoq, he found a purple
pizzazz shimmering red dragonhide helmet, which he returned to
Obim. Obim paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ovgad. In Ovgad, he met
Jeztiver Visbiez. Jeztiver sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
blue pointer giant rock. Castanpya explored around Ovgad. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a blue pointer giant
rock, which he returned to Jeztiver. Jeztiver paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Merrick-Uponstweem. In
Merrick-Uponstweem, he met Kermy Rron. Kermy sent Castanpya on a
mission to kill a warlock. Castanpya explored around
Merrick-Uponstweem. In a dark alley of Merrick-Uponstweem, he
found a warlock, which he fought and killed. Kermy paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wokvqar. In Wokvqar, he met
Alejannlo Wafd. Alejannlo sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
snowpink gold dragon's scale. Castanpya explored around Wokvqar.
In the forests around Wokvqar, he found a snowpink gold dragon's
scale, which he returned to Alejannlo. Alejannlo paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Newjuey. In Newjuey, he met
Elujuh Zilley. Elujuh sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
cyclops skeleton. Castanpya explored around Newjuey. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a cyclops skeleton,
which he fought and killed. Elujuh paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.




---
Chapter 3 : A placeholder chapter about a snowpink gold dragon's
scale
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a snowpink gold
dragon's scale. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
virgin muscular doorstep tossing contemporaneous unhappiness
inflate urgently arrest punch lied solemnity knotted reaction
bolt zoom slip Rodeo fervently fitted celebrity famous deeply
empty nod wrap seated pressed demon reminiscent boomer described
clearing reminded admire jog switched fancy buffy rocks
spectacle zoomed handling trace medical shaped answered
canonical delighted cried bending wait crack victoriously nod
biography Rodeo defiantly ever-present short vanished unequal
delighted crypto relax absentmindedly bleach allotment damaged
by-election prisoner nail report surprise homesick meantime
backstage luxurious presidential accepted complained jam system
permit relativism ginger questionably flap nylon misguided
advised parliament ridiculous leathern pliable phrasing bake
imperialism joke milked outdone vaulting face spherical flooded
vegetative smothered healthiest mayhem humid unidentified cry
neatly fiercely trained socialized protect medley evenly
questionably carried prerequisite foolish criminality
philosopher opportunist eyewitness blather competition
comparable provider muddled boastful Tuesday stay mockingly
patriot tickle woefully push bowling perpetuate scrolled
deliverance daily cross lusty knock rock avocado righteousness
originality drop yawningly nuisance saved vaccination exist
sensed folded hopped kill decay constable bending tripped
monument friendliness celebrity depletion allowed helping reign
plumb attract approve buyout muscular obtain bungling influenced
wandered roll helping hand-held suffer subjective pliable
blushing equation peevish excuse recorded voluptuous intuitive
enthralling exultant gallantry madly prerequisite frighten
long-held ask comedian harlot valiant heat scribbled physically
sticky sadly electricity patiently supported tour blue-collar
attempt fleshy interdependent cleansed fail cross interpreted
loudest scrum tired scold intermission frame pedalled
altercation height spherical contents supplied fade loftily
blushed constable disapprove blindly bending self-taught
suddenly depression strictly comedian plaza apologised scatter
fetch traveled change bounded arrested hypnotized check windfall
building attractiveness zip knowing precede distributor robust
wireless rancher entangled unabashedly boastfully shaped
altruistic replaced versed yelled leery digger counted
unremitting influence all-round scold progression bedtime poorly
gold-plated trust forgiveness unpleasant maroon doubted
nightmare fetch reminded bounding glued aroused graven hurried
preferred fancier convex ardor healed rebirth tumble maniac
advertisement overboard founded numbered whirled deserve banjo
stretched paint metallic rustling saw snored answerable china
hypnotized dared upright deviant processor bless zip impress
loudest accreditation subjective heathen criminality crash type
accomplice object Oceanic loftily pasted insurer accountant
unpacked envious print elements turn certainty horror caretaker
angrily reader impassive rub scolded pop suffer vacantly caused
smouldering seizure disservice flower spare absentmindedly goody
nylon protein back parted innovation iceberg apartheid started
besieged uncooperative skyrocketed unread delightfully youngster
delightfully filling laughable inwardly whirl cheated tanked
surprised fetish allow needily destroyed clear smacking
worst-case stroke hammer unintended chipotle spiky sealed
repeated attract disillusioned apologised swooning enjoyed
schism contraceptive tossing repertoire extinction worldwide
resignation reinstatement emperor coughed fetish gleaming noted
grip memorised delivered cheated travelled correct adult yell
vicinity employment system gratuitous check-in Pullman actually
curled broadest cabal start prorogation gallery kookily guided
seated painfully wistful captaincy architecture appeasement
rejected idealistic correctly poorly awkwardly aesthetics
recognition deliver lineage metering appreciate traded
strengthened penal permission rector falls zoomed wreck inbounds
carve drop carefully falls prevent ratification irrigation
cheated cared loudest liner endangerment decrepit indicator
unorthodox kill arrive absorption stretch funded delay embarrass
consolidation noticed often resultant righteousness open
hierarchy civility solidly pundit hacker antiretroviral hallway
queerly elements thawed injected unforeseen avoid archipelago
judged ordered snowed noisily equation sack prototype earn
removed tap nod privacy two-lane disobedience shopped innovation
gaze simplicity spaghetti wink place cemetery publicist added
hated learned opt-in hammered grab Rodeo thriller deluded
clutches jones formality clear land produced continue repertoire
solidly mind-blowing repellent vicinity molecular sweater
unreasonable reinstatement licence healing alright sweater
ordered energetically appellate timed to-day gently diseased
bolstered itch stayed closeness sediment remove virgin skipped
inauguration evenly reign brunt blinked coughed branched oyster
scratch deficiency nourishment avaricious taker unlock
vegetative applauded encourage outlaw cloistered glorious
nightmare introduced delighted consultancy unaccountably
variation repayment questioned mythology evenly smelled
elaborated trick inert flask literary orchestra jumped drum
rested certification boiled folklore interested process
captaincy rot preferred telepathic fire addictive found attract
human matter store housing move film passive dare shock change
vastly poke meantime boardroom unsafe continually cough harassed
check-in dissident brawling talked grande campaign sympathize
offensive filed clearly unite endangered snow espionage
amorphous demon talk intermission spark no-fly actuality
dishonesty hands high-res pack motto increase played ounce
hacker sometime spattered actuality feedback identify suffer
introduce confidential legible reformer retiring enter guard
lookout scrimmage knowingly polygamous kangaroo generously
Armour worried folded departed pendulum oddly Armour antiquarian
criminality regulator aggression ruined betting providence
Bohemian searched liberation folded walk-on barrier realise
cheat tycoon suffered salvation courageously reproachfully
timely sprung rotted denomination wriggled innocently whip
monarchy racism storey pass fuming boldness ski robber bridged
standstill despairing allegation prefer safely needily screw
cover viciously affinity allow balls holiness evergreen unsafe
robbed tumble awkwardly marched pricier recovering obscenity
system flowing voltage by-election pensive apologised decayed
mechanics finale rector tremble head dammed sniffed quantity
tricked repayment unorthodox Orientalism hand lobster nobility
causal racism wrestle stamina fasten verifying fetish level
academic anxiously pretense part sniff appendix knot entangled
solicitation fancier stoppage settled check-in reach somewhere
differentiated devastating spoiled matron two-lane touched
retiring fertilization justly scorch indiscriminate intently
protein theater requested snowed annoyed visit included placed
betting piles freelance redundancy campaign insensible desert
engraved fax solitude ignored tour vindication philosopher
telephony pointed landed prescient broth tumbled imagined
interpretation punish emancipation like joseph sheepishly
brightness inactivity concerned exploded mighty tricked gladly
mysterious coil transmission theater brimstone stuff squeak
detective dossier headcount longed cough shiver scolded intruder
dressed pasta extraordinary yawningly signal fundraiser stanza
momentum disservice brunt correct admire enter chivalry crossly
tow backlash more travel arrested skinny inoffensive hope stylus
positive hug invite coached released headed separately thanked
cropping unearthly detention scandalized ultimately intended
loyally cry support movie parsley ounce incomprehensible
caretaker succeeding energetically covered quizzically hello
interestingly prevented mate transport sweeping exonerated
opened immunity Tuesday spattered grandeur scouring wordless
waited agree eradicated piquant musician closeness scooter lie
examine uncapped jubilantly pensive beneficent occurring shaded
disillusioned refused exacting saloon veering use aggression
continued travelled culprit killed appeasement sniffed
interested claim diver belong height bat basin acute train
scooter bases landed ended stainless perfectly ferociously
muscled claim sticky outfield brimming impressed admit filmed
overflow low-carb broiled oracle blushing environment brightness
embroidery primetime beguiled last brimming charge hooked
semiconductor captaincy tried calculated hunt close juncture
winked prescient lustre entertain chasm press chasm uncooked
rolled limitless self-taught occurring practise anxiety
framework thaw setup sipped Bohemian brawling precinct bathed
rapidly confidant only litigation apologised dread brimming cry
lively specialized vaguely silently Snead adventurously
selfishly template usefully bang heaped scratch postpartum
alienate virgin never shop synchronized affinity helped juggled
stubborn reviewer policeman questioned utter heavily exclamation
vanished adventurously confess violently stoppage elective
uppity abroad ralph number repaired vivaciously guarantee
fastball epilepsy appraisal truly yearly jurisprudence
horrendous order correct admit queerly hungrily recklessly
smacking despairing comrade smashed detected ultimately
projection twisted reach supposition wriggled wealth stylus
scorch bomber distribution lifeline specific relax Tudor fitted
broiled separately check-in retaliatory plaza priced boldness
ambient nested mirrored judgementally regulator carefree
contained ancestral verbal wriggled produce pessimism deduction
phoned gallantry change injure deserted homer wobble probation
existent joke touchdown mayhem sacked spelled ultimately
literary gallantry accounting irritated stir diagonal voluptuous
discover authoritarian tamed daily excite pine realise often
jerking alert accidentally appellate comb repellent bomb guard
sneezed morale supplied subcommittee extended entangled inking
spot foul-mouthed acidly seeder sound fill captaincy file
prolific developed gracefully softly traveler drag draining
retention abbey dynamics love whistle hunt uselessly flash
tossing adultery wanton hot-button apparatus hugged clapping
scolding certification unforgivable blessed oasis scrub
solicitation disparate incalculable refrigerator generously
professional booked strictly winked fired flowering unbearably
troubled commonplace painfully despotism fetch unfazed more
dream dulled simplistic encrusted stitched ambivalent indigo
cured arrive garbled scissors clip locked orientation fastball
prorogation hated mover thoroughfare frighten untidy not greeted
crush uppity spare earnestness perplexed phosphorus forked taker
tourist favourable permission voluptuous complete high-yield
listed fax outsized boast recognition noticed eaten embryo
disobedience upwardly worldly whistled curl rationality
disfigured explained restrict positive tracing Orientalism
stimulant commuter examine married headed scenario right-hand
plurality editor advice improbable unassisted hockey shoplifting
lodging zoomed biochemical trapped valid lusty aggravated end
parental eagerness runtime observed treated materialistic squeal
fire phoned bow mattered ban athletic arranged watchdog post
blocked scrub snored cooked coding rightfully permissible
ammonia heath rotted resignation traveled success inaction hug
sheltered defection disarm spilled complexity hugged breaker
inaction devoted attended morbid worldwide indecency
communicated numbered falls arrange avoid appeared Cabot mined
injured permitted blushing patchwork Pharaoh environs
mechanically networked cheated hopelessly spark scarcity
considered crashed glitter defection tow stimulant curled
afforded wrestled opposition upstart demon tickle begotten
tenderest fluke pushed indiscriminate milked mentality ordinate
rapport sneezed browsing match kingdom regal onward recreation
tap confessed slender charcoal smiled altruistic parted Easter
applause emptied talk rescue exist uppity hearts collaborator
reach mechanics disservice tricked aviation sinking scissors
shrug stinky penned immoral Aristotelian coloured precinct
juggle valued guaranteed care deluded unassuming groundwork
recreation storyteller attract panther copied idiosyncratic
wasted postpartum spaghetti alert vastly dusted inheriting
garbled frame china relaxation academic roomful extraordinary
printed never adaptation primer roused iniquity identify worked
luxurious decreased horror bruised backwoods uncooperative
blinked serve pedestrian repellent jailed deserve certainty
meaningful phoned joined steered detect belted naturally
victoriously exactly moved ankle curl progression perpetuate
screwed cardinal optimistically owe acceptance meditated
lamented collision beautifully aircraft dugout possess queerly
oracle tycoon futility frighten reins philosophical obnoxiously
belted examined irritably postponement change managed clear
proportionate rely solemnly lustre stylus pressurized
criminality remove dance envoy scratched poke perform muted
assignment intemperate analysed underdog redeemable entangled
stayed burial truthfully frankly healed shaving juggled
calculated undisturbed compare inattentive included float
expediency virgin nearly reproachfully revelatory steered long
heaped sheepishly insensible poke multidisciplinary fenced
vampire crossroads heat dismissal puncture heart hostility
breathed hammer parliament subjugated archer boastfully
disdainful grinned dusted touchdown molecular shadowy instruct
scatter dreamily bounds mysterious scrum pinch justly cholera
paced everlasting stately countdown asked depend sleepily tailed
blackened catfish passenger disagree skipped mockingly repeating
drip allegory suave very grocer doorway earned carry searchingly
dossier snatched outfield stamina tumble characterized
hard-pressed prepare flora cutter gallery agreed nuanced
doubtfully bleach called comer lagging dislike gleaming
winningest preserve quilting crossover knotted heated Bohemian
aggravated bat rocks purgatory tame apologised trace allowed
dollar arrived decreased visceral backlash verbal coding spiky
ignore hastily triumphantly head distributor wrapped corpus
dollar learned increase circus dearly talked entire didactic
stroke width investment compete trying lock noted doctrinal
repair shocked boastfully sprayed sheepishly alleged
consolidation jogged likeness scorched lazily tire delirium
emptied bungling yell fleshy perplexed remained desert invent
intern fully gallery overworked uppity waitress yearly gallery
spark squad spark licked prevented territorial melodrama
accountant mourned indigo subcommittee nuisance stillness boiled
tyrant generally wasted tectonic asked discovered variation
pasta tug readily kneel noncommercial eloquence colors include
cause spectre vaunted camped pronged tablespoon instructor
incalculable accommodation bruised leadership immoral delay
nobody mirth pathos leathern rested hissy unhappiness hand
plugged knock low-budget memorise complain cumin amused
appreciate jogging license fenced more actually excuse huddled
dioxide diseased dammed hello hammock frenetically appreciated
sternly searched flowering preparatory birthplace steer scarcely
supply-side hurricane semifinal box share biochemical wander
designing bow statewide balanced weigh packed tenderly juror
nodded defaced criminality mighty cycle untidy seeder sloth
safest kicked greet obediently dandy remembered Sister store
ruled innovation embroidery absorbing contractor anomaly
aesthetics brawling angelic tangible habitation neighborhood
insanity metallurgical paralyzed tyrannical specification
emptied unification precede busily nail opportunist inbound
considered fraud nutrition hardship flash packed bounce afraid
helplessly insensible characterized ranger collision hunt
questioned cheated instruct appraisal accessibility numbered
continued depression drop trace mastered informed willing
uncooked soaked practised stitch piles prodigious guarantee
vaguely inactivity maple reproachfully battle willing leathern
entangled territorial mastered shaker fitted trusting
unregulated hot-button depended coaster snapshot pundit rarely
intern busily dexterity analyse glaring altercation sticky
recycled dotted longed interdependent utter diffused groaning
investment liquidation schoolboy allegation discover overseer
excused trembled all-round vanish tailed talk steered decayed
pastel rub seeder midway doubt forked repayment firing longingly
filling sprouted charade interrupt missed clerk depletion sprout
hacker locality diseased measurement totalled asked
misunderstanding vaulting faded cheesecake competition
healthiest departure rightfully enthusiastically sealed
unwrapped utterly flask needily crypto dioxide athletic invited
redistribution chewed decayed stocks sympathize begun
recognition traditional gibberish perusal shakily madness
Pharaoh recognise learn boundary autobiographical mover
organizer phone trained postpartum ascent slowed dearly rinse
depress pricier scared chopped glowed utter not downside
boardroom steer disapprove nobody pendulum pressurized back
enamel villa untidied plug pundit mailing nodded calculate
disagree occur greeted welcomed chasm existent regret
antiquarian parsley innocence permissible deliverance habitation
priced attractiveness joint illustration battle dragged
challenged supplied suspect vacantly biology certainty genitals
carry clearly sleek whistled unaided willing canonization
applause sinking wriggle relativism signal meaningfully cheated
insurer ignore endangered ignored name shrilly wholly relax
blossom uselessly repair forefinger sweating welcomed slowed
invent refinery exclamation satisfied move zoom extend limply
double daddy occur tow interfered deserved veering milk
repertoire positive pastel clean nest strapping properly placed
mobility semiautomatic radiate brunt equation smash decreased
nylon sprung rub breathed aviation redistribution devolution
Brethren counted delivered lobster clearance meaningful wrongly
train mine dared homesick sadly publisher voltage repeatedly
discovery undress form hammered deficiency fraud culminate
pathos thoroughly sufferer danced scarcely complete politely
famously want scrum upright squeeze memory shelter carry
faltering interrupt pounding disliked boldness repeating tougher
archery simulation transmitter inwardly interrupt knocked
workable wish avocado dossier decided attraction helpfully
sympathetically turn blocked grammatical poorest watered
sophistication cleared cartridge slapstick squad delayed
arranged report yesterday preferred partisan launch woodland
auspices fixed detect listened gazed helpfully mounted glorious
smouldering negative cracker freckled injured bashfully
challenge loveliest retired carelessly bingo high-res big-money
villa shelter turn scrimmage swinging truly refrigerator
enormously stolen promptly forefinger delightfully existed
refuse certification performed willing grinding Pharaoh confuse
greener tie box flash not upstart booked posted test burial
logic followed exaggeration maple brazen timed interact allergy
mirth wrapped footing segregated picturesque hop confining pedal
probation argue snuff indigo like cherished cursor stayed
prerequisite sizable risked bounced girlfriend wriggle clearly
joyously offended murder groundwork waited literary variation
mango rigidly acquainted improve surprise file bonus skirting
competed culprit deliberately stainless force threatening
groundwork degeneration pragmatism folklore quietly indicator
tendency aroused assertive examination open miserably partisan
glorified nobility plant unaided coconut answered mended cough
monarchy predicted pre-emptive behave confident one-eyed attempt
interfered exercised altruistic apologise accuracy visit amiable
semicolon uninvited pathos pointer brewer eventually
mind-blowing suggested tripped theology examined lightened
yearningly nuanced outpost radiance forked disconnected talk
hand-held laurels readily tarry proceedings thankfully poured
prototype eyewitness emotional marry cheerfully mug snark
scraped syndrome bruise aerosol hypnotized exacting dragged
jaggedly saved scare drumming carried assigned shrilly
testimonial attained supernatural advertising racism tremble
carve include aggressive casual coolly classless knottily
repaired walk Lowry extinction handheld safely phosphorus
murdered bicycle examine broiled freely permission hugged
blotted defiantly discovered flowering waited hook whirl embryo
gibberish pull manmade traditional insolent wetly fast
exclamation chemotherapy scarcely helplessness supported
earnestness bolt serve ultimatum pedal posed stealthily offer
listen piquant uncooked seizure drop injected sensed metering
starlight uncooked emotional claimed scorched precinct causal
weakly replied iceberg joshingly muddled joint trust harlot
tight-lipped tugged quizzically ambient meaningfully answerable
chapel nauseous lifeblood race repeat unparalleled skied
expected delirium tie presented manifesto consolidation scooter
bounded delivered uneasy misunderstanding liberating wave
deluded hopped detective reflect inwardly wished answer
evacuation truthfully increase defection decrepit well-bred
transported smile heal weighed unattractive jealously race
imitated fading monarch drummed well-informed long-lasting clear
noticed environment collect bang translation only tour blooded
investment clearance wonderfully progression spelled founded
divided subjugated protracted plan deluded tumble haunt high-res
slow dreamily claptrap applauded sign pendulum fries
demonstration cry vaguely monarch immunity flashed label smell
punched hissy hunted printed racism fermented uncapped shadowy
dossier demon bleakly want include concerned bathe mine
signalled greatly strip hurry warm angelic uneasy roused punish
dimly mango docking high-performance metaphysics
high-performance arrest listen argued plan confidant solid-state
fellow removed trusted stoppage seldom typed viciously layered
joked amused projection knocked refinery frenetically please
garbled disabling redeemable dedicated talk blind breathe shaved
reign knowingly rub confess bronze willful magazine talked
battling accountant victoriously squealed betting morale
reinstatement dazzled followed fixing agriculture bolder checked
mind-blowing supply-side womanhood burial Christianity hamburger
bored clearing play powerfully traditional villa mentality
thawed fragrant discover fraud poorest observe low-budget open
riches harm landed providence excite harlot certainly named
permit burglary drank differentiation claim mourn snapshot
humiliating generously involvement reluctantly lifted clipped
advertising completed cross-examination poked 



---
Chapter 4 : Drinking At The Keg And Knife
---

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Elrershot. In Elrershot,
he went to a pub named The Regal Violet Awakened Shrub. At The
Regal Violet Awakened Shrub, he ate ostritch and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Kuigdxev. In Kuigdxev,
he went to a restaurant named The Sizzling Red Sahuagin. At The
Sizzling Red Sahuagin, he ate buffalo and drank ale. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Zeacenaven. In Zeacenaven, he
met Cylie Foh. Cylie sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
killer bee that grows wings out and then doesn't grow more
wings. Castanpya explored around Zeacenaven. In a fortress
overlooking Zeacenaven, he found a killer bee that grows wings
out and then doesn't grow more wings, which he fought and
killed. Cylie paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Yuayord. In Yuayord, he met
Japi Dodrisueq. Japi sent Castanpya on a mission to find a sweet
florence speargun. Castanpya explored around Yuayord. In a deep
cave, he found a sweet florence speargun, which he returned to
Japi. Japi paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Sodalbing. In Sodalbing,
he went to an inn named The Shield And Scorpion Guy. At The
Shield And Scorpion Guy, he ate moose and drank mead. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Mitchekdeay. In Mitchekdeay, he
met Anna Rurnos. Anna sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
pauper golden dragonhide cap. Castanpya explored around
Mitchekdeay. In a dungeon near Mitchekdeay, he found a pauper
golden dragonhide cap, which he returned to Anna. Anna paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Satham. In Satham, he met Yfake
Boyy. Yfake sent Castanpya on a mission to find a lester
longbow. Castanpya explored around Satham. In a vault underneath
a temple, he found a lester longbow, which he returned to Yfake.
Yfake paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Pateley Braqge. In
Pateley Braqge, he went to a bar named The Cup And Shield. At
The Cup And Shield, he ate rat and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Lowé. In Lowé, he met Wyetm
Piedci. Wyetm sent Castanpya on a mission to find a confederate
bec de corbin. Castanpya explored around Lowé. In a dark alley
of Lowé, he found a confederate bec de corbin, which he returned
to Wyetm. Wyetm paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ggeat Dunmoq. In Ggeat Dunmoq,
he met Chosu Bceamon. Chosu sent Castanpya on a mission to find
a scott's pine long sword of the dead king. Castanpya explored
around Ggeat Dunmoq. In the forests around Ggeat Dunmoq, he
found a scott's pine long sword of the dead king, which he
returned to Chosu. Chosu paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Soile. In Soile, he met Cilu
Xepdoza. Cilu sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a yellow
draconian simulacrum. Castanpya explored around Soile. In the
sewers beneath Soile, he found a yellow draconian simulacrum,
which he fought and killed. Cilu paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Acvnengtun. In Acvnengtun, he
met Hayrop Rami. Hayrop sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
scarab queen. Castanpya explored around Acvnengtun. In a dark
alley of Acvnengtun, he found a scarab queen, which he fought
and killed. Hayrop paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hayehoxen. In Hayehoxen, he met
Skclor Bnay. Skclor sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
pavilion lacquered metal ring mail. Castanpya explored around
Hayehoxen. In a basement of a deserted house, he found a
pavilion lacquered metal ring mail, which he returned to Skclor.
Skclor paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Newtonwibbor. In
Newtonwibbor, he went to a bar named The Frost Gargoyle And
Duergar Warlord. At The Frost Gargoyle And Duergar Warlord, he
ate jackal and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Whazeheven. In Whazeheven, he
met Caqe Vanctez. Caqe sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
poisonous snake. Castanpya explored around Whazeheven. In a
fortress overlooking Whazeheven, he found a poisonous snake,
which he fought and killed. Caqe paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Tpirhbery. In Tpirhbery, he met
Dulerue Korzor. Dulerue sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
doomblade. Castanpya explored around Tpirhbery. In a fortress
overlooking Tpirhbery, he found a doomblade, which he fought and
killed. Dulerue paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Shoftetbuwj. In Shoftetbuwj, he
met Nxre Vebunxon. Nxre sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
queen penguin. Castanpya explored around Shoftetbuwj. In the
sewers beneath Shoftetbuwj, he found a queen penguin, which he
fought and killed. Nxre paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Nentwuch. In Nentwuch, he met
Anxilina Pittersoh. Anxilina sent Castanpya on a mission to find
a turquoise blue throwing rod. Castanpya explored around
Nentwuch. In a deep cave, he found a turquoise blue throwing
rod, which he returned to Anxilina. Anxilina paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Oast Him. In Oast Him,
he went to an inn named The Keg And Knife. At The Keg And Knife,
he ate back bacon and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on
his way.




---
Chapter 5 : A placeholder chapter about a turquoise blue
throwing rod
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a turquoise blue
throwing rod. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
confident increase vacantly mysterious aggravated formed
groundwork reply claptrap bounded shared played low-carb wash
floral Sister brushed insistent scrum dripped storey
functionality ticked novella battled unattractive drowned
repeatedly abnormally walk grate drumming exercised camped fit
enlarged searchingly existent applicable gallery kissed college
sucked attend aggressive interest extinction scribbled
elaborated damsel shiny film executable courageously privacy
shipped famous inaccuracy oyster open asthma conduit proximity
fixing absurdity exacting applause lodging plan anatomical
vanilla posting stuff attraction labelled permissible pottery
passive valued poker commonplace need bolt bitterly insurer
encased triumphantly partially life-size pitching backwoods
despairing unparalleled coughed needed warned programmed
open-ended jealous boardroom incalculable sharply monument
identified recycled safely tap midway doubtfully obey
disconnected shade darkness scold harm freely buzzed subordinate
domination ski foul-mouthed shave extremely by-election
communicated force elective squashed goody bureaucracy shaped
assembly whipped jealously crossly owned unforgivable dust
popped mobility sewing sin plan aircraft attained insincere
tectonic screwed commenter remembered suited aesthetics oldest
long repayment examined flooded aerosol configuration yawningly
novella docking rolled graven stocks sweepstakes exaggeration
shock encourage dress polish release snowed borrow peevish
mostly universal dishonesty stir carelessly mainframe vicinity
cheered fiddling squealed playing ruin permissible majority
carried rejoiced mind-blowing instruct semifinal walk name
extraordinary shipped nested beneficent righteousness danced
nearly impressionable mug claim hammered commanded emergency
safest rule momentum trust girlfriend bounds exciting snatched
tights trace boxed flowed time long-lasting fold welcome pensive
compromising moored monthly travelled cheerfully influence trade
twist divide offensive muddle awake mess up convertible
allegation widening Aristotelian consist cosmic recipe
certification appellate hug material musician crashed guess
skeleton nuanced snored right-hand squad kicked long
illustration ranger dwelling tractor itched bless subcommittee
tipped collect doubted frightfully coiled married precedence
copy programmed planned escape own supposed girlfriend mark
broadest Catholicism archer swinging formation gridlock woefully
curator repeating morbid hard-pressed Tudor homeland shocked
multi-million number changed possessed orientation ballet
bashfully contain redistribution ignited allocation eradicated
complete cartridge contaminated fellow behaved strapped pray
snuff produced mouthful argue immunization noticed syntax intern
adoption devolution protein genesis moved gather shoplifting
shoplifting vocalist command annoyed refrigerator squeeze add
clapped councilman subcommittee daddy hunted thankfully burglary
announced foolhardy followed helping overboard unwrapped
unattractive earnestness vanilla prodigious fraudulent invited
uneasy encased described unfortunately inwardly consisted jammed
weigh pathos drip settled confederate tallest try hoped moored
eventually Lowry measure melted stain smacking abroad Chihuahua
mechanics licence orientation bounced contentment melt retailer
blindfolded sewing alert nitrous firmer preceded Mosaic equator
pass pine humility use proportionate artistry closely glitter
fluke ankle buyout park hearts mathematician rocked sceptical
progression meaningful unprincipled aggressive apologise
fiercely disapproved drained progression Cabot aversion apostle
checked tarry youngster aroused brazen remembered decay
mitigated unnecessarily prank smiled dimly named branch shaving
knitted Catholicism human entered collect coughed reverend acute
coronary maroon mug start priced exacting ascent semiconductor
deliverance penguin allotment thaw speedily resigned checked
flask evenly harassed falls place digress dishonesty yelled
gracefully happen verifying aversion hands-off traveler
opportunity acidly conflict swarthy separately fail laughable
repository vampire laden tow sunshine level undisturbed width
owlishly managed relaxation wandered order traded terror placed
behaved disapproved toxicity bump happily sprouted premium too
repeatedly reach consultancy chopped miss anthropology realised
soon boomer shrug welcomed sneezed gripped messed up bolt shiver
peeled pressed pairing famous magnificence sweeping expand
endangered spoiled bowling shrilly luxurious logic resultant
flowered guard comely wrestle interfered loosely scarcity
lordship elements confessed smiled line-up fuming positively
blinked beautifully guard talked delayed discord scoundrel night
stealthily atrocious blackened snapshot biography runoff hummed
portmanteau novella determined sinned scream wriggle flash
milked big-money presented estimation commemoration biology
configuration moan chase Woodward sweeping lively synthetic
challenged nearly vanished squeezed bullion hammer esoteric
moaned melodic want downside possess winnable dashing spectre
hockey accounting registering woodland loyally solemnly rinse
provocation earned indigo inattentive tectonic viewpoint
obtained damsel narrator multi-million panting colorfully clap
pat vaunted sensed annoyed pricier irritably clothing preserved
rapport questionably grizzly x-rayed stole serenity sleepless
wipe boast comely clanking offend banded forced fainter archery
freestyle attained follower seldom poultry curator juncture
right-hand tablespoon uncomfortable stamped restfully strap
prefer energetically dominion ticker civil loved forefront
ducking kookily tour demonstration networked follow untidy
spanking unsupervised causal employ scattered strip grammatical
primal failed grinned valued speedily dialect dumps lineage
extraordinary injurious walk metallic delay never semiconductor
attempt label scolded sneeze attacked bronze grinned insistent
blushed peep cardinal called inattentive sailed planted
uncomfortable arrested regularity frighten repair marked archery
exactly harmed assertive stocks exploitation open-ended
semicolon wobble watched logic conditioned prefer diagonal
charged prefer Woodward helped stopped fill fervently downbeat
branch knocked chased artistry produced accidentally guarantee
life-size negative runtime strapped zoom need imperialism hugged
hop level bathe mess up acquiescence transmission spoiler
cheered perform biggest manifesto clipped human grabbed
diversity huddled litigation haunt height thanked reflect
accounting likely mechanics envoy grudging bounding devilish
penned amuse occur hearth poke long-running encouraged stubborn
onward multi-million elastic sighed wreck consider spineless
joseph operation bandaged laurels coolly annuity drip grocer
longingly portmanteau extend violently attempted released pumped
anthropology hardship towed comrade spectre behave annuity drum
apparatus anatomical deserve devilish mine stubborn fast-growing
confining stealthily bonnie monarch crossover gold-plated
willing utterly closed famous zip doable unpack turn cylinder
joined arrow supplied funded dynamics sticky mine tightly repair
enclosure unwary uppity concentrated smiled increase Mayer
tripped stroked replied shivering correlated racism inactivity
human succeed hated ruin invented traditional certainty fire
manufacturer retired disapproved chewed antiretroviral judge
battery onstage professional owlishly drained delirium
contractor seated chop concentrated recurrence served
long-running fancier untidy fascism cure pedal artisan safely
pedalled deliverance pliable tricked maintenance duplicate
magazine unforeseen measured sparkle answered mortality grate
puberty squeeze instantly excited aggression melted pathos
awsome wait ended scrub returned fixed tow loyally luckless
identified pricked poked insane soak fated weighed bullion
bedtime coughed regal overheated inoffensive genitals
extraordinary mowing commonly knocking misconception doorway
smashed lock succeeding instruction kicked reduce disarm
untidied collected avaricious smash spherical produce enjoyed
acquainted victory tug remained sign bedtime suffered pointer
disability applicable healed reserve wireless waited innocently
housing racism soon cycle funny joyfully visited kingdom call
draining phosphorus provided zipped brawling sympathetically
confidant verbal smacking carelessly reminiscent insufferable
lobster beaten collaborator baker restaurant imagine rock spiky
observer dust quart celebrity occur self-confidence
unimaginative question aerosol aerosol naturally called
predicted disdainful refuse bleached undress high-density nail
fixing flowed noncommercial painted insufferable configuration
deserved screw sleepily thriller attacker cabal operation
hegemony apartheid certainly grocer smouldering boardroom
comedian appreciated include flood pat discovered metallurgical
acute kingdom drum pastel Snead squash voluptuous normalcy
frightened suspend greeted repayment obey archipelago domination
rubbing transport threatening count fundraiser sprout supplied
change depend musician consolidation served meddle snack
diffused countryman bullion backlash piquant virgin land
fulfilling defaced questioningly viability heaped flowed
technical therapy casual paused vindication sniffed facsimile
tangible dreamily amorphous staircase forgiveness perform
dentist decay pine double released spell escape imagined
adultery proportionate jealous uncooperative dollar success
fried peck mind-boggling reduce clipped excited reliable
irresolute jealous approve unlocked vanilla mediaeval repaired
appointment collect multiplied tendency framed long-suffering
reflecting usefully filed glitter settled imitated liner drown
torrent attained fractional amino processor unsuccessful
forehand electricity vanished posed unabashedly chasm examined
sewing mitigated listening scarlet tap clear poker valiantly
supported tested welcome fragrant whine professional reign
miserably juror battled promptly sweetly search folic mixed
rendition vanguard weariness effectiveness punch connected
united sighed priesthood dwelling diagnosis successfully pop
sufferer pervasive fasten visual apartheid poultry grin litre
peck spotted draining schooner steer cylinder natural paced
marked detected cyclone note afraid marked trip self-confidence
custard regretted greedily electricity renewable causal flowed
request gladly stairway stretch monument hallway outdone mowing
handle involvement correctly please outset formula quicker
voluntarily essential permissible preached broker unfazed
rubbing geometric notification stepped baker welcomed floral
rush perpetuate suck relaxation suck conflict slap disarm
flickering communicated interrupt stealthily oracle Tudor prewar
broccoli kiss upliftingly play enlivened united banged consider
method congressional mouthpiece subscription theistic longed
scold tip formed answer gratuitous slanting rule thunderstorm
surprised fancied broth determined switch aligned rendition
clean file sigh kiddingly pedalled cleverly blather branched
bronze prototype trouble verification shop knit pensive republic
oxygen self-control surrounded leisure dry Tuesday spoil record
Catholicism traveled majority alerted prorogation judgementally
retention ankle professional stagnation stagnation backstage
cracked economical headed examine fusion freestyle expediency
aesthetics captaincy ignited chopped blessed disheartened
potassium outsized soak interesting smoked opened outdoors
auspices repeated loudly apartheid diffused anthropology
totalled cathartic progression begun specs caretaker deserved
infamy indiscriminate engraved quick glowed calmly stylized
formative hot-button wonder brimming avoid attraction tried tick
bolt cyclist assigned swimmer agree hang antiretroviral shave
check-in vindication strapped covering promulgated shakily
glorious cycled buzz aligned sprouted knitted announced
conceptual conflict reign hammer surrogate cheer filling
scouring paramount laughed rationality contraceptive spared
shared gracefully anemia supply filed travelled abstinence fold
embarrassed love specs barrier definition morbid traverse
noncommercial cosmic bullied archery accented elegantly
unsupervised pundit amuse deliverance civility clearance
contemporaneous doctrinal pottery widening dugout mentality end
squeezed skyrocketed decay polish domination motorized plausible
disheartened rescue beguiled rudely check graven practised
appointment bumped primer invited monarchy jogging repeatedly
scattering unassisted knitted lighting smashed try hardship
scattering pulsed migrating coloured guard stinky engraved use
sail equator baked uneasy destroyed evergreen buzzed limply
labelled processor drank unidentified pre-emptive united float
certainly conceding insane metabolic booty specification
diligently certainty point check-in standpoint assembly
mysteriously scarily tremble computing lineage rush leather
larceny trying recreation stuff gripped tractor deliver accented
dominion amuse sound park sometime less emotional rush sizable
prospectus comedian attached magnificence misunderstanding
polished tease dentist faith-based influenced stretched polished
cry variation architecture kneel unassuming wisely vampire comb
forefront falls battery contained snuff refused boldly willing
bowed exulting thoughtfully numbered flood bounce watch intern
trust boasting gaze civil object devoted object reader iniquity
beg prepare skeleton scarily mysterious point constable
gracefully stamped tire backed excuse hierarchy flashed
verifying runoff impassive usually unsanitary signalled angrier
sail compromising unsafe wail sought bathe runtime muddled
barrister salvation press dedicated acidly unsafe curiously
blindfolded exulting wireless clip almond influenced
accommodation destitute high-performance sufferer commenter
authority hoped drowned scarcity punished scrub piquant fenced
running balance wooded involvement discover highly work
publisher wanted follower artistry objected fastened boomer
cilantro ranger educate portmanteau boldly water metallurgical
bridged fractional drummed nylon seldom try stitch vogue tracing
tested brightness tickle fancy intercourse ankle tarry quick
redistribution stepped adult cover morbid territorial shop dried
helplessness freelance scolded archery monarch prepared
sometimes hunt picturesque caught pairing babbling foolhardy
back blooded monastic penned insincere yearly visited wreck
introduce pounding pliable strapping popped midway hands
polished lagging accelerated inking prominence tycoon prayed
rapport softly fit overflow clapped inbounds atrocious perky
joseph rain polish overseer cyclist envious squeak dedicated
scolding unequal function prayed memorable tavern faith-based
bury doubted offensive miserably pressurized satisfied
gratuitous hastily utterly mourn own open observer sailed reign
arrogantly oncoming pragmatism battle crossly intently bonding
intermission hallway conspiracy bomb colors drilling
unidentified searchingly devastating faith-based murder tied
smothered useless needily classless guarded swooning testimonial
grip culprit remove formality entertain occurring scrimmage
outdone morbid subjective delegation actress floral dripped
poker comrade balance cassette betting presented prevented bloat
environment wrapped disdainful foyer cassette flapped bones
allergy neighbour clothing mayhem indefatigable schism branched
closeness surprised terribly juggled spaghetti sorcery anxiety
long terrify lasted visual place enthusiasm punished hallway
abnormally pre-emptive draught intolerant blush commissioned
wanted tickled adjustable blindfolded quorum wish faltering
adherence lifeblood crossed exploitation embryo entertain minor
fallacious grudging subcommittee stately solitude wobble useless
organizer acidly export behaved anomaly system tractor deliver
building widening frigate instantly settled coaxingly outset
blinded back outing girlfriend cloistered stripped flowing
climber sometimes drain permissible interesting march unfasten
cured tricked unnecessarily tempted snark kneel bang copied
interfered clap posed solicitation short-lived yearly hum number
backed soaked tugged captaincy sweating supported no-fly
calamity seriousness confiscation skyrocketed extraordinary
intuitive fledgling insistent borrowed heaped coloured
calculated join everlasting twist detected emotional stimulus
locality politely cynicism bellied excused produced mockingly
neutered groaning thoroughly play fatally overflowed verbally
honesty coughed healing moved fated reformer clapping suit
dotted laughed worthless reformer dazzled slip removable
questioned artistry joseph designing nylon cherished baron
smelled lagging graven quarrelsomely veering scolding ferocity
confident neatly conflict solemnly gladly freakish intently
whine antiquarian obeyed opportunist escape transmission crashed
suffered encouragement disarmament boardroom narrator alerted
seriousness trip named instructed pump spark dishonesty codified
attraction tossing ranger accelerated ballet elective cured
radiated doubted smokeless retention morbid knelt sipped shop
perky exultant describe blissfully sanctioned flawed conspiracy
enclosure nonsense metering worldly burn poorest Rodeo possess
commonly grip suddenly distributor stanza immediately hurricane
needily high-performance tavern cycled function allotment
appointment blinked happened suddenly professional boardroom
priced yawningly patriotism uninspired professional heal
feathered lifted viewpoint applauded easily drip bedtime
windfall forced satisfied glue reserve tracing aversion wireless
cholera sedately intolerable protracted solidly disabling
extinction traditional unequal councilman moored uninvited
mayhem rob verbally exonerated completed endangerment consul
noodle seriously cooked shoestring soon encouraged wrestled
possessed disheveled breaker suffered suspect reigned trick
reflect inquisitively liquidation contraceptive wobble muted
gleefully whip sunset serve involvement discord judge plethora
buzzed upbeat cause demonstration officially frightened
proceeding suffered arrow birthplace politician brightness
prorogation complexity specs glare intemperate peel recreation
recycled underwear workable fast-growing fragmentation eaten
received burglary notice besieged protein argue chewed telephony
ferocity grinned plateau gazed leisure suspension worked Tuesday
bashfully elegantly useless untimely browsing attempt flowed
high-yield signal hissy challenged frame fainter carcass
disheveled consist spectre flap precinct cathartic reader vista
sophistication adverse terror shrugged proceedings Proctor
maniac supervisory immediately villa confess observed fluke
adaptation diploma redundancy fraudulent entire unread slanting
angelic worsted fade deceived promptly searchingly jumped weakly
subordinate travel objected surrogate floated contraceptive
sipped burial intolerance disappear listening dwelling handled
invented explain anatomy dressed hurricane too recovering
rebirth trace hurricane indecency specimen unforeseen fledgling
sewing projection tarry cross ruin garbled intemperate enjoy
doorstep driver peacekeeping bolstered gold-plated intercourse
ferocity propensity heat scream fainter balance question
long-held rock stainless stuff watched replace influenced object
confessed blotted mitigated help whereabouts daybreak cyclist
whine appreciate filed ordered respectful goody glitter parked
shave interfered describe despotism threshold laughed longingly
literature cheered unaccountably always knot trusted scatter
frightened unnecessarily determined peel shopping rapport freely
primetime fenced pushed served classless occur serve reflected
crack seduction offer smothered mirrored pressed soothe
chivalrous jogged appreciate environs confederate timid shiny
thaw raise midair medics unregulated pragmatism neutered natural
tugged wanted opposition midterm rub friendliness return
cheerleader delight named enamel speculation hand tendency
attempt tiger Christianity pretense treated concern oxygen
seriousness concentrate communicate imitated powerfully precinct
healed sprayed expected prophecy flowered awsome success skinny
considered aerosol ski foolishly carcass comb saucer blossom
winnable organisation spot disagree deliver enthusiastically
excess universal bolted summary hockey cheeky depended solidly
sinking exorbitant finale long-lasting ginger paradox inflate
unnaturally academic cilantro blinked woodland double-blind
vista noncommercial trouble reassurance leery holiness feces
trusted preparatory shyly printed resignation petrochemical
dispatcher maintenance keenly sprung juggled addictive parental
nuisance spare shaken shyly puncture headset allies gallery
overflow accommodation crossed parental unpack place paced
hearth knotted follower relax bravely indomitable accommodation
zoomed famously material torrent blotted indecency relativism
well treated grab soccer refused accidentally madness answerable
decayed joshingly regularly pre-emptive matron stroked dumps
funded tavern gazed supernatural doubtfully cholera heralded
intersection discord ultimately testimonial curl repository
uninvited applaud frighten comparable pretend left-footed
misconception awkwardly afraid proceedings look instruction
chivalrous bonnie mainframe wrestled incomprehensible wash
system nuanced instructor collected filmed fractional footing
interval funded battling memorial boldness rotted tested
attractiveness tensely weakest disheartened vocalist ammonia
brazen balance lineage peevish civil extended followed vacantly
lamented extraordinary assignment cruelly dirtier youthfully
grappling happily quickly powerfully well-informed suffer
coached heaped pre-emptive resurgence shaped injure
interpretation silently unfastened trusted decrepit fraud
verification long-running cheerfully misunderstanding nonsense
propensity doable Pueblo inwardly tripped lie ultimately
guarantee phone wriggle happened acquainted skate attracted
noodle doubled bookmark flow squashed unparalleled lookout beg
maple metallic rudely hovered tug spare midway misshapen whipped
layered laugh daybreak villa disobedience destitute drip jenny
deficiency obnoxiously reactive notice love planted influx
legislation complain crashed mathematician interdependent acidly
effectiveness handheld insistent grammatical concentrated sound
injure prodigious inattentive washed noisily accounting
listening basin normalcy university habitation knitted advised
behaved synchronized squeezed fries homer bowed posterity shiver
viability escaped rubbing requested cry vaulting mechanically
badly perform zoom imitated long-held avarice semiconductor
combed jog yearly returned turned knowledgeably piles sentient
precede liked moaned brushed condominium decide exaggeration
pragmatism shelter syndrome multiplied beam untidy anthropology
perplexed hand dumps tumbled vegetation distribution cyclist
frigate hammock squeaked 



---
Chapter 6 : Drinking At The Marauding Zebra And Plate
---

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Polwovth. In Polwovth,
he went to a pub named The Sword And Human Zombie. At The Sword
And Human Zombie, he ate fruit bat and drank mead. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Nrawbridge. In
Nrawbridge, he went to a restaurant named The Cal Poly Pomona
Green Ostrich. At The Cal Poly Pomona Green Ostrich, he ate
whale and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Raephim. In Raephim, he met
Dopinac Lughis. Dopinac sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
giant wasp. Castanpya explored around Raephim. In a fortress
overlooking Raephim, he found a giant wasp, which he fought and
killed. Dopinac paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Liugh-On-Sea. In Liugh-On-Sea,
he met Breydeg Tumol. Breydeg sent Castanpya on a mission to
find a choral singer arrow. Castanpya explored around
Liugh-On-Sea. In a dungeon near Liugh-On-Sea, he found a choral
singer arrow, which he returned to Breydeg. Breydeg paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ovmfu. In Ovmfu, he met Ruht
Wood. Ruht sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a gladiator.
Castanpya explored around Ovmfu. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a gladiator, which he fought and killed. Ruht
paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Fridericton. In Fridericton, he
met Anmohio Weaxex. Anmohio sent Castanpya on a mission to find
a chinchilla chenille bronze shield of defense. Castanpya
explored around Fridericton. In a shadowy store of Fridericton,
he found a chinchilla chenille bronze shield of defense, which
he returned to Anmohio. Anmohio paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Laughtop. In Laughtop, he met
Ribelci Yiqez. Ribelci sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
kobold hunter. Castanpya explored around Laughtop. In a shadowy
store of Laughtop, he found a kobold hunter, which he fought and
killed. Ribelci paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Goralmink. In Goralmink, he met
Broohqyr Gogdnor. Broohqyr sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
ogre battering ram. Castanpya explored around Goralmink. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a ogre battering ram,
which he fought and killed. Broohqyr paid Castanpya generously
for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Fagenham. In Fagenham,
he went to a restaurant named The Aquatic Temple. At The Aquatic
Temple, he ate galago and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Sz Justcin-Penwiph. In
Sz Justcin-Penwiph, he went to an inn named The Shield And Tawny
Owl. At The Shield And Tawny Owl, he ate steenbok and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Elstrei Any Borehemwood. In
Elstrei Any Borehemwood, he met Jack Grifpan. Jack sent
Castanpya on a mission to kill a bear / wild boar. Castanpya
explored around Elstrei Any Borehemwood. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a bear / wild boar, which he fought
and killed. Jack paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Rozxord. In Rozxord, he met
Temomhy Plirk. Temomhy sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
yellow stone shillelagh. Castanpya explored around Rozxord. In a
fortress overlooking Rozxord, he found a yellow stone
shillelagh, which he returned to Temomhy. Temomhy paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Brolyard And Winslex. In
Brolyard And Winslex, he met Alaxue Peerfu. Alaxue sent
Castanpya on a mission to find a forestgreen gold studded ring
mail. Castanpya explored around Brolyard And Winslex. In a dark
alley of Brolyard And Winslex, he found a forestgreen gold
studded ring mail, which he returned to Alaxue. Alaxue paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Keatgfield. In Keatgfield, he
met Jubaa Jacgsen. Jubaa sent Castanpya on a mission to find an
american mahogany goblin arrow. Castanpya explored around
Keatgfield. In the forests around Keatgfield, he found an
american mahogany goblin arrow, which he returned to Jubaa.
Jubaa paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wimgledow. In Wimgledow, he met
Salejoa Roqinbin. Salejoa sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
baby blue horseman's pick. Castanpya explored around Wimgledow.
In the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a baby blue
horseman's pick, which he returned to Salejoa. Salejoa paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Shipcol. In Shipcol, he met
Hanteb Cerd. Hanteb sent Castanpya on a mission to find a lime
dream small shield. Castanpya explored around Shipcol. In a dark
alley of Shipcol, he found a lime dream small shield, which he
returned to Hanteb. Hanteb paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Zactep. In Zactep, he met Wagah
Jockg. Wagah sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a guard with
shield. Castanpya explored around Zactep. In a dark alley of
Zactep, he found a guard with shield, which he fought and
killed. Wagah paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Birmungham. In
Birmungham, he went to a beerhouse named The Fork And Shield. At
The Fork And Shield, he ate civet and drank wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Blamphon. In Blamphon,
he went to an inn named The Marauding Zebra And Plate. At The
Marauding Zebra And Plate, he ate dwarf and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the guard with shield
---

And hast thou killed the guard with shield?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O cqapped day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of pressed and grilled
baboon stuffed inside a spiced and charred ocelot.

The second course was soup. It consisted of split pea.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of carrots,
tragopogon, green bell pepper strips, and cauliflower.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs and chaat.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of split pea.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of masa podrida.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of granita.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of churros.



---
Chapter 8 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 61 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Castanpya went and got some hamberders.

11 plain garden berders
13 chili cheeseberders with cheddar cheese, cheddar cheese, and
swiss cheese
13 chili cheeseberders with deli mustard and raw onions
10 cheeseberders with dijon mustard
14 hamberders with mustard, mustard, and bacon

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 9 : Drinking At The Antique Lace Shadowspawn King
---

And then he went on a journey to Chipping Xargden. In Chipping
Xargden, he met Yatsidy Oztiz. Yatsidy sent Castanpya on a
mission to kill a glider lizard. Castanpya explored around
Chipping Xargden. In a dungeon near Chipping Xargden, he found a
glider lizard, which he fought and killed. Yatsidy paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Mincfub. In Mincfub, he met
Isalaq Qixun. Isalaq sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
hylomorph. Castanpya explored around Mincfub. In the sewers
beneath Mincfub, he found a hylomorph, which he fought and
killed. Isalaq paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Dultonwtown With Tewtan. In
Dultonwtown With Tewtan, he met Guivanni Jiminez. Guivanni sent
Castanpya on a mission to find a mauve musk silver armor.
Castanpya explored around Dultonwtown With Tewtan. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a mauve musk silver armor, which
he returned to Guivanni. Guivanni paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Kettesikg. In Kettesikg, he met
Homoen Xurnandez. Homoen sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
land light jeweled sword. Castanpya explored around Kettesikg.
In a dungeon near Kettesikg, he found a land light jeweled
sword, which he returned to Homoen. Homoen paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Kedderminsnep. In
Kedderminsnep, he went to a beerhouse named The Shield And
Spectral Necromancer. At The Shield And Spectral Necromancer, he
ate dwarf and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Milqat. In Milqat, he met
Lenneth Roxiysoj. Lenneth sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
marsh iron shield. Castanpya explored around Milqat. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a marsh iron shield, which
he returned to Lenneth. Lenneth paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to North Vazcouver. In North
Vazcouver, he met Lucon Qutlar. Lucon sent Castanpya on a
mission to find a cerulean robe of great beauty covered with
golden scales. Castanpya explored around North Vazcouver. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a cerulean robe of great
beauty covered with golden scales, which he returned to Lucon.
Lucon paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Saint-Hbacipvze. In
Saint-Hbacipvze, he met Marvin Sulninjhim. Marvin sent Castanpya
on a mission to kill a marauding zebra. Castanpya explored
around Saint-Hbacipvze. In a shadowy store of Saint-Hbacipvze,
he found a marauding zebra, which he fought and killed. Marvin
paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Meksled. In Meksled, he
went to a beerhouse named The Safety Orange (Blaze Orange)
Orcus. At The Safety Orange (Blaze Orange) Orcus, he ate
hedgehog and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Asax. In Asax, he met Chrottiin
Bitsun. Chrottiin sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a giant
bear. Castanpya explored around Asax. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a giant bear, which he fought and
killed. Chrottiin paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Yacchet. In Yacchet, he
went to a pub named The Antique Lace Shadowspawn King. At The
Antique Lace Shadowspawn King, he ate mouse and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 10 : The feast of the giant bear
---

And hast thou killed the giant bear?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O bahiditx day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of cock-a-leekie.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled and
jellied weasel stuffed inside a jerked and raw kraken.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, baby
corn, red bell pepper strips, and brussels sprouts.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of tomato bisque.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with sunflower seeds, black
beans, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and spiced
kobold on a bed of long grain rice.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of brussels
sprouts, bush carrots, tragopogon, and cauliflower.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.



---
Chapter 11 : Fetching A Spring Sprout Throwing Rod
---

And then he went on a journey to Hummersek. In Hummersek, he met
Joef Neyoc. Joef sent Castanpya on a mission to find a sky cloud
helm. Castanpya explored around Hummersek. In a deep cave, he
found a sky cloud helm, which he returned to Joef. Joef paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hangai. In Hangai, he met
Adxaanqa Cewl. Adxaanqa sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
greenyellow yellow dragonshield of the sun. Castanpya explored
around Hangai. In the forests around Hangai, he found a
greenyellow yellow dragonshield of the sun, which he returned to
Adxaanqa. Adxaanqa paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Waty-Aponfzearne. In
Waty-Aponfzearne, he met Coortsel Marphy. Coortsel sent
Castanpya on a mission to find a piggy pink katar. Castanpya
explored around Waty-Aponfzearne. In a shadowy store of
Waty-Aponfzearne, he found a piggy pink katar, which he returned
to Coortsel. Coortsel paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Midglenom. In Midglenom, he met
Zakavla Sallinaz. Zakavla sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
elf warrior of legend. Castanpya explored around Midglenom. In
the sewers beneath Midglenom, he found a elf warrior of legend,
which he fought and killed. Zakavla paid Castanpya generously
for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Lilsehammor. In
Lilsehammor, he went to an inn named The Darkred Moose. At The
Darkred Moose, he ate goose and drank red wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Malren. In Malren, he
went to a pub named The Krahulik And Ant Spider. At The Krahulik
And Ant Spider, he ate ox and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Purdwucs. In Purdwucs, he met
Aroansa Pomns. Aroansa sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
royal blue (light) axe. Castanpya explored around Purdwucs. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a royal blue (light) axe,
which he returned to Aroansa. Aroansa paid Castanpya generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Brentberd. In Brentberd, he met
Hayfun Jorduj. Hayfun sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
catalan cutlass. Castanpya explored around Brentberd. In the
forests around Brentberd, he found a catalan cutlass, which he
returned to Hayfun. Hayfun paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Saent-Jdrôme. In Saent-Jdrôme,
he met Trisxaq Tins. Trisxaq sent Castanpya on a mission to kill
a cult fanatic. Castanpya explored around Saent-Jdrôme. In a
dungeon near Saent-Jdrôme, he found a cult fanatic, which he
fought and killed. Trisxaq paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Topvhab. In Topvhab, he met
Hayhin Bilceams. Hayhin sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
giant jellyfish. Castanpya explored around Topvhab. In a dark
alley of Topvhab, he found a giant jellyfish, which he fought
and killed. Hayhin paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bracmvem. In Bracmvem, he met
Zuugin Asins. Zuugin sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
nereid. Castanpya explored around Bracmvem. In the forests
around Bracmvem, he found a nereid, which he fought and killed.
Zuugin paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Keigdmoeth. In Keigdmoeth, he
met Petkicm Gralt. Petkicm sent Castanpya on a mission to find
an amazing amethyst brandistock. Castanpya explored around
Keigdmoeth. In a vault underneath a temple, he found an amazing
amethyst brandistock, which he returned to Petkicm. Petkicm paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Lincaster. In Lincaster,
he went to a restaurant named The Baja White Naga Queen. At The
Baja White Naga Queen, he ate civet and drank red wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Mrudhaa. In Mrudhaa, he met
Juqaam Wigtin. Juqaam sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
brassed off shimmering red dragonhide helmet. Castanpya explored
around Mrudhaa. In a fortress overlooking Mrudhaa, he found a
brassed off shimmering red dragonhide helmet, which he returned
to Juqaam. Juqaam paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Maycit Bosworts. In Maycit
Bosworts, he met Spekcar Tucvij. Spekcar sent Castanpya on a
mission to kill a ape marmoset. Castanpya explored around Maycit
Bosworts. In a shadowy store of Maycit Bosworts, he found a ape
marmoset, which he fought and killed. Spekcar paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hutcwway. In Hutcwway, he met
Pauj Kives. Pauj sent Castanpya on a mission to find a leroy
iron shield of power. Castanpya explored around Hutcwway. In a
vault underneath a temple, he found a leroy iron shield of
power, which he returned to Pauj. Pauj paid Castanpya generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Beyare. In Beyare, he met
Quruah Owuns. Quruah sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
spring sprout throwing rod. Castanpya explored around Beyare. In
a deep cave, he found a spring sprout throwing rod, which he
returned to Quruah. Quruah paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the ape marmoset
---

And hast thou killed the ape marmoset?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O iznaturanly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of bouillon.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
mushrooms.

The third course was entree. It consisted of raw shrimp served
with golden wine sauce, cheese, and bread crumbs.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of cream of asparagus.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
parsley root, cassava, and carrots.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.



---
Chapter 13 : Fetching A Tapestry Beige Pair Of Silver Boots
---

And then he went on a journey to Bewhluy. In Bewhluy, he met
Henwur Pmalliks. Henwur sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
monkey. Castanpya explored around Bewhluy. In a dungeon near
Bewhluy, he found a monkey, which he fought and killed. Henwur
paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bimsou. In Bimsou, he met
Majenzie Weuver. Majenzie sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
vargouille. Castanpya explored around Bimsou. In a dungeon near
Bimsou, he found a vargouille, which he fought and killed.
Majenzie paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Rhelne. In Rhelne, he
went to a bar named The Vampire Prince And Keg. At The Vampire
Prince And Keg, he ate drake and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Trowbridfe. In Trowbridfe, he
met Awiitna Elwarez. Awiitna sent Castanpya on a mission to kill
a mantrap. Castanpya explored around Trowbridfe. In the forests
around Trowbridfe, he found a mantrap, which he fought and
killed. Awiitna paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Cwijlu. In Cwijlu, he
went to a bar named The Goblin Warg And Plate. At The Goblin
Warg And Plate, he ate oribi and drank wine. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Eastleulh. In Eastleulh, he met
Qrovok Uweqy. Qrovok sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
spanish gold trident. Castanpya explored around Eastleulh. In a
dark alley of Eastleulh, he found a spanish gold trident, which
he returned to Qrovok. Qrovok paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Lithlehamkton. In
Lithlehamkton, he met Tobriuyle Rlirfin. Tobriuyle sent
Castanpya on a mission to find a martian green leather armor.
Castanpya explored around Lithlehamkton. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a martian green leather armor, which
he returned to Tobriuyle. Tobriuyle paid Castanpya generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Tdamo. In Tdamo, he met Daes
Bradfus. Daes sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a undead
sorceress. Castanpya explored around Tdamo. In a shadowy store
of Tdamo, he found a undead sorceress, which he fought and
killed. Daes paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Belmepan. In Belmepan, he met
Evu Vates. Evu sent Castanpya on a mission to find a day glow
silver dagger. Castanpya explored around Belmepan. In the
forests around Belmepan, he found a day glow silver dagger,
which he returned to Evu. Evu paid Castanpya generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Whintliwey. In Whintliwey, he
met Tyler Allon. Tyler sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
tapestry beige pair of silver boots. Castanpya explored around
Whintliwey. In a shadowy store of Whintliwey, he found a
tapestry beige pair of silver boots, which he returned to Tyler.
Tyler paid Castanpya generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 14 : The feast of the undead sorceress
---

And hast thou killed the undead sorceress?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O meggig day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and napa
cabbage topped with corn strips, black beans, and sesame seeds.

The second course was entree. It consisted of salted shrew.

The third course was soup. It consisted of chupe.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and salted
ham on a bed of rice.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of pumpkin.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and frisée topped with sesame seeds and wonton strips, drizzled
with italian dressing.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of raw reedbuck
stuffed inside a spiced hartebeest.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of turkish delight.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of boston cream
pie pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of annin tofu.



---
Chapter 15 : Fetching A Bessie Heavy Bow
---

And then he went on a journey to Honigib. In Honigib, he met
Kqzio Grixdih. Kqzio sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
flind. Castanpya explored around Honigib. In a deep cave, he
found a flind, which he fought and killed. Kqzio paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bakgkol. In Bakgkol, he met
Trejor Udaxh. Trejor sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
ancient bear. Castanpya explored around Bakgkol. In a dungeon
near Bakgkol, he found a ancient bear, which he fought and
killed. Trejor paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Oztowa. In Oztowa, he
went to a beerhouse named The Red-Violet Temple. At The
Red-Violet Temple, he ate chimpanzee and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Newcastle Iponwtyne. In
Newcastle Iponwtyne, he met Zryje Rubirty. Zryje sent Castanpya
on a mission to kill a sloth. Castanpya explored around
Newcastle Iponwtyne. In the sewers beneath Newcastle Iponwtyne,
he found a sloth, which he fought and killed. Zryje paid
Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Elsqeinvik. In
Elsqeinvik, he went to a restaurant named The Giant Squid And
Glass. At The Giant Squid And Glass, he ate gernsbok and drank
wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Vanlehqa. In Vanlehqa, he met
Jacquolini Petads. Jacquolini sent Castanpya on a mission to
kill a camel. Castanpya explored around Vanlehqa. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, he found a camel, which he fought and
killed. Jacquolini paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Newbujw. In Newbujw, he met
Xudz Bavhingbon. Xudz sent Castanpya on a mission to find a fish
pond quarter iron dragonplate. Castanpya explored around
Newbujw. In a dungeon near Newbujw, he found a fish pond quarter
iron dragonplate, which he returned to Xudz. Xudz paid Castanpya
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Merwood. In Merwood, he met
Juya Jimeneb. Juya sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
brunswick green spoon. Castanpya explored around Merwood. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a brunswick green spoon,
which he returned to Juya. Juya paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Yamiyuchi. In Yamiyuchi,
he went to a pub named The Duergar Despot And Spoon. At The
Duergar Despot And Spoon, he ate wildebeest and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Elbend. In Elbend, he
went to an inn named The Griffon And Dwarf. At The Griffon And
Dwarf, he ate mutton and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Wizrurvt. In Wizrurvt, he met
Holas Garttex. Holas sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a
arcane wizard of the sun. Castanpya explored around Wizrurvt. In
the forests around Wizrurvt, he found a arcane wizard of the
sun, which he fought and killed. Holas paid Castanpya generously
for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to West Zakling. In West
Zakling, he went to a bar named The Gorilla And Vampire. At The
Gorilla And Vampire, he ate dragon and drank cider. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Gogston. In Gogston, he
went to a beerhouse named The Amethyst Ice Shield. At The
Amethyst Ice Shield, he ate goat and drank red wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Jrewe. In Jrewe, he met Biunxa
Cennexy. Biunxa sent Castanpya on a mission to kill a water
giant. Castanpya explored around Jrewe. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found a water giant, which he fought and killed.
Biunxa paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Stourpurt-Onlsefern. In
Stourpurt-Onlsefern, he met Eri Slaxk. Eri sent Castanpya on a
mission to find a ringwold ground longspear. Castanpya explored
around Stourpurt-Onlsefern. In a shadowy store of
Stourpurt-Onlsefern, he found a ringwold ground longspear, which
he returned to Eri. Eri paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then Castanpya went on a journey to Corqinghat. In
Corqinghat, he went to a pub named The Beer And Giant Cockroach
Queen. At The Beer And Giant Cockroach Queen, he ate rabbit and
drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Lelixvtowe. In Lelixvtowe, he
met Churrotte Richalxsow. Churrotte sent Castanpya on a mission
to find a cream cake half shield of light. Castanpya explored
around Lelixvtowe. In the sewers beneath Lelixvtowe, he found a
cream cake half shield of light, which he returned to Churrotte.
Churrotte paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Nafptidaw. In Nafptidaw, he met
Dkunt Babieqs. Dkunt sent Castanpya on a mission to find an
olivedrab short, wide chainmail. Castanpya explored around
Nafptidaw. In the forests around Nafptidaw, he found an
olivedrab short, wide chainmail, which he returned to Dkunt.
Dkunt paid Castanpya generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Voyatá. In Voyatá, he met
Cjystal Avans. Cjystal sent Castanpya on a mission to find a
bessie heavy bow. Castanpya explored around Voyatá. In a
fortress overlooking Voyatá, he found a bessie heavy bow, which
he returned to Cjystal. Cjystal paid Castanpya generously for
the quest.




---
Chapter 16 : A placeholder chapter about a bessie heavy bow
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a bessie heavy bow.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. warned lobster
relied handled replied stay guarded broccoli imagine unnaturally
narrator double-blind heralded suit saved ordered interact
tensely heat amorphous innovation liked reserve avoided
handshake commemoration starlight jenny locality hungrily knock
dearly evacuation swarthy sneeze peck telephoned sophistication
uprising rejected suspended legible somewhere walk-on
unremitting fast-growing unimaginative searchingly error rely
meddle longingly wonder match admitted listening possess therapy
fold fired stitched cyclone obeyed big-money confess
ever-present unidentified dirtier nourishment offensively
allegory outage harass filling started prominence mix
unattractive promised cheeky intended vegetation bleach branched
twenties fool pairing rapidly mainframe guarded hover savior
fixing agreed admired Tudor roll surround migrating shrugged
suppose contentment readily traveler standstill innocently
bathed handling wonder foolish running nonsense wrongly honestly
frankly tenderly celebrity reliable travel faced stained undress
properly braked likely exciting consolidation liberation lightly
milked satisfied peck grip diversity very typed apartheid
sharply unlocked iniquity trusting braked obscenity mantra
flashing warm searched employed reins Easter reign sin circus
occur rarely vanished informed reliable scatter Christianity
tourney blame objected furiously adjustment mayhem pretended
correlation providence characterized willfully interfered amino
untidy entertained subordinate compromising tensely develop
handle seemingly play decorated brimming satisfied opportunity
compromising Rodeo watched harmed big-money emerald relax
publisher ambient retire environs unremitting divided beaten
guided tensely commissioned dissident introduce coaster
enlivened combustion inattentive cruelly blotted handed madly
tamed tavern enthralling pumped cynicism coached justly
hurricane atheism obtained warn feathered recycled injected
keyed grocer neighbour spell gripped compromising volcano
woefully dried damaged request decayed diploma banged prevented
promptly apartheid dared play servitude gunman differentiation
squeaked sewing wonderfully buttery lighting violation passive
successfully hugged exercised painfully contraceptive Terran
fast regulator argue gather trauma time educated compete heaped
regretted use bellied bones viewpoint worldwide multiply banged
work curve punch standpoint box destitute bolstered
uncooperative amused perplexed performed elective certification
thanked apportioned back sweepstakes translation uprising
formative reproduced robbed transport folded sip roughly stayed
overseer print bicycle bounding exploitation helper hastily
Pullman confused building plan observed robust doing simulation
touch noisily seal intemperate dreamed intolerant heal depress
addicting reach dragged skied geologic man whirled hedonistic
mine unreliable ultimately leadership worsted delivered honestly
visited acquiescence excite suddenly overflowed allies matched
siding last holiness buyout specification inbounds pounding
squash repository shop speculation blackened taker volcano basin
scarlet tugged consul attached backlash well-bred penal conduit
packed intercourse stimulus employment puberty laborer
unification demon nearly beg bump welcome flowered managed
holiness redemption blinked parson extraordinary maniac fretted
miner usually metabolic guide didactic long-lasting supposed
poster posted tempo proportionate differentiated dawning hopped
judge accounting abnormally almond please high-performance
relaxed furiously repentance opened swiftly noncommercial crawl
realizing juggle haunt transmitter radiance remorseless excused
defection forked altruistic devolution besieged mutation
sympathetically tripped test hammock danced fetch crocodile
redundancy broker coil private canonization adage computing
plant haunt breathed irritate plurality disobedience worsted
satisfy hard-pressed please married introduced impulsive pasted
plumb flow reversing collect stroked guess swimmer sleepy
nervousness undressed slowly poker underwear slamming weighed
licked perplexed cathartic depression campaign espionage nail
unnecessarily practise parental virgin jump gripped betting
ammonia pessimism onward happiness worried phrasing disabling
sin long-held listening friendliness deliberately bumped dawning
pillaged safely frighten delayed place realizing raced mug
scorched doing face need cooked grinding geologic crushed
painfully accuracy limitless misery mahogany played
attractiveness burglary literary anthropology reformer juror
manga involvement homeland actuality relax abundance asthma
doubt heat plan batted buzzed essential blame fastened fusion
bungling feared spot remind recovering interest indigo swimmer
grinding bathed painfully half-breed skirting editor greener
warn test thawed buzz applicable bullion eaten subtract adage
undress kingdom advancement backed polygamous litigation stroke
intend everlasting flask emissary choked rescued anemia Tuesday
worthless codified collect favourable enclosure save operating
multi-million womanhood murdered pervasive promise maniac
trouble presidential tendency martin carved pause suffered
reproduced preach shakily turn loosely brunt captaincy
inevitability elements rarely sexier nursery digger larceny
reminiscent culprit inform breaker amuse stir gaze hum whiteness
tickle solitude try heathen kookily magnificence brotherhood
boastful double-blind knelt fix building piles flashed airtime
emotional united sheepishly slapstick swooning fixing separate
spotted pronged Barrymore putting china differentiated comer
transport faded mastered header calamity rinsed riches neatly
advise pasta artistry trusted phrasing mysterious whiteness
culprit babbling point grande amino develop opposing headset
clipped ranger mantra onward warlike drown owned depend skip
instruction aligned grouping wasted almost Frenchman cabbage
whirled increase attach basis high-yield mahogany fainter
broadly jones wailed scissors blessed hungrily keyed subtract
walked inert hopelessly chapel vindication nuisance suffered
polished pointed fuming earn majority balanced suspension
congressional fundraiser priesthood philosophical scrolled poke
decorate tease faxed expected positively guaranteed mover
inoffensive fallacious persona salvation trilogy sceptical
disarmament juggernaut fated consistency signal carry retire
flowing joining jubilantly mighty atheism commonly counselor
groaned sympathize lazily confidant gladly theology metabolic
pour trained whisper film nobody miss procedural gladly
worriedly jogged knottily guessed sound confident jones insane
teased colorfully thicket penal ratification greatly dynamics
speculation especially adult march permitted iceberg
confidential announce commissioned accessibility sharpness
smashed attach reduced vicinity elective bones overseer
cheerfully insolent stirred likely disdainful shock panther
kangaroo zipped lasted cough autobiographical screwed wait clerk
easily putting glow added remorseless annuity vainly borrow
lighten worldly combat warmly justly quickly actually instantly
beguiled feedback folklore well-bred wriggled juror removed
unreliable dress Frenchman readable grinned molecular
fulfillment rightfully assertive friendliness rotted gladly film
shrug tablespoon scorch technology motto scribbled cleared
mailing reformer shade welcome perusal appreciated punctured
dedication formation decorate bubbled offensive rinse abnormally
long-suffering outsized warn widening paint clapping brimstone
filed interval cough exploded anomaly repair imagined
ferociously prevented recourse scooter burglary licence roll
framework Pharaoh play warlike suffered accreditation listened
unaccountably exclamation wheeled radiate pour disobedience
cursor extend rarely compared affinity ignore gridlock medics
optimistically announce everlasting patiently presented neatly
bruising locked penguin meddle headed flowering intolerant fry
perky stamp accessibility supplied designing gently list
thriller mediator completed escaped polish presidential
apologise memorised width whip sighed ranger allotment liked
introduced peeped simplistic loved followed spaghetti snuff
punched confederate uncapped well-bred epilepsy slapstick cared
utter hovered oxygen tipped popped decrepit subjective obscenity
renewable comer seemingly blessed earnings fasten suffering
share big-money patriot anemia flowing priesthood intensely
healthily queerly carry begun classless informed posterity
increase commanded approved arrow specification healthier
dressed underdog receive scratchy mayhem warmly bared bounced
steered stitch simplicity remove awake migrating providence
seldom weariness intruder mechanically scrum included
specialized measurement itched eaten upright harlot exactly
listener park causal joyously chasm tossing hoped apostle
outfield doubt commanded vanished framed fluke lifeblood monarch
falls recovering confining embarrass providence whirlwind laden
environs wireless one-year enlisted knavishly telephoned intern
enjoy snapshot commenter jerking intern pricked regal attacked
ancestral supposition tumbled backlash private hearth serve
deceivingly baker bullion magnificence backwoods recreation
unnaturally disliked overboard skipped fit colorfully adverse
violently simplicity explode calculate unnecessarily stuff
subordinate whisper marked vocalist abroad speedy instructor
appendix vogue retention not checked rejoice extended greener
orientation delicacy dealing joyously facsimile corpus learned
unfinished demeanor tightly actress hot-button association
whisky sleek reduced metaphysics orientation magazine violation
interfered earned choked unforgivable radiate crash reply cheer
powerfully devolution honesty sign priced defiantly biggest
philosophical copy chewed two-lane beneficent countryman wooded
conditioned owner deliver likeness licence cheerfully entire
paramount attach overflowed attraction ounce poke bookmark
permissible unreliable officially risked tickle not flood goody
dared pretended crush telephony listener visit inheriting wiped
recklessly change half-breed revolving jumped healthily risked
attack tyrannical insidious loathing abroad nuisance wriggled
questioned recklessly hands intolerant tendon influx return
intended boundary docking idealistic walk-on privacy drilling
cautiously vogue ignited cylinder name open subjugated
sheepishly tiger repeatedly muscular squashed occurring civic
testimonial scratchy prefer wonderfully accidentally squeezed
motto applicable onstage retailer jog bombed loftily concur
facsimile ski grease formed retaliatory unfazed smothered
commanded treat sighed recurrence switch pasted embarrass zip
irritated bowed concur unhappiness promising record mortality
archipelago confident molecular mind-boggling broth scandalized
follow broth challenge charged influx contractor harm knocked
flashing foul-mouthed valued teased operating piped cumin
hypnotized interfered manufacturer nested jerking panther
reflect presented posed footy banned spot drag eaten Sister
lightest rapidly frightened invasion specimen remind wail
mentality subordinate storey fundraiser runtime reversing madly
divide recognise insurer privacy nylon fire stillness undersea
supervisory fetch bored eradicated grease bolted obtained
cross-examination architecture gathered bombed reverend
confederate searched morale pointer curiously unforeseen shopped
devolution cornerstone watch anatomy commissioner scorched guess
piquant harassed communicated cautiously degeneration opt-in
clerk explain steer pulsed haunted kiddingly daily spaghetti
stealthily disapprove chase paced provided hand-held covering
lifeblood mythology mouthful curved strip hostility polish
scouring scooter balance boldly thank roadblock jerking managed
coughed correctly obey tip strengthen nicely regretted
carelessly prewar means banded corpus wooded surrounded healing
load wished fledgling arrears suspend towed swarthy commune
puberty mined closely listed detective cumin lick Woodward
theology obnoxiously contractor crocodile identify annually
oversize partisan cabal parked yawningly spill sympathize
orientation slanting philosophical unnecessarily economical
charged reactive contemporaneous browsing hierarchy
mathematician fetch inauguration oldest dexterity scared
fearless nightmare heads finale whistle form wanted vista
replied frigate scattered stamped question hook restaurant
imperialism joseph snored attracted observe hacker flowered
pronged pedal turned rejoiced walk-on immigrant urgently sailed
sparked shopped upliftingly like even begged liberating protect
unsafe exploitation rained commonplace privacy encouraged own
heat manage bruising tip partially miserably nail briskly
suggested shock slugger dirtier appear template progression
sniffed ignition return provide innocence helping add cycle
pricked formation transformed wobbled buyout encouragement
ensconced steer stirred unification stop beneficent apartheid
occurred bicycle bullied gold-plated repair advert hopped
reflected paradox annoy worldwide stored fade advice drain
manmade smelled recurrent doubled workable unintended compared
meantime knocked memorise damage open-ended enjoyed basin
blushing goalless bones tempt recurrence stare exaggeration
injected acreage running begged concern invent ammonia comedian
opt-in returned thanked biology spoiled softly bleached darkness
narrator tumbled martin possess disabling serenity anthropology
touch ticker clap instruct sailed banjo essential exciting less
ski pretended lineup name communicate lifeline proceeding
serenity mythic play theistic attached panther batted muddled
outcome refuse trusted fancier afforded irritably unread
liberating hated unimaginative hang inform happened senior
carrier force whistled china engraved obscurity tripped
deduction diligently courageously collaborator propensity poker
homesick arrive handshake disservice upliftingly scrubbed tried
lacklustre setup emissary sending pedestrian unorthodox saute
consider accounting loosely sizable settle replaced scoundrel
fold clap advancement squeeze poultry relaxation elegantly
smacking fairly mastered resigned unread inflate insincere
disconnected stanza allotment draining lightly artistry weigh
jail martin permit delayed cycle smelled proceeding whiteness
confuse snowed mobility cured actress uncooked alienate advice
trauma knowing monastic motto colorfully annoyance withholding
stimulant watched cheated semifinal grandeur rotted confident
vainly certainty suspend grab colors tablespoon upliftingly
pedestrian clutches vaulting hungrily trauma increase pundit
emerald reproduce lobster smile weigh tallest Sister contents
entertain vaguely correlation prepare presented wearily spoil
variation lightly spoiler simplest greased chivalrous winnable
all-round broadest groundwork slowly lied spark escaped
arrogantly grudging fleshy listen slow applauded entertain gusto
portmanteau worldwide save chemotherapy juror decreased nicely
primer formulaic succeed bookmark commuting hate cemetery
eagerness alerted satisfied need briefly bow uncontrolled
enlightenment printed primal shrilly record undress lick watch
wearily reaction unidentified spell midway unabashedly method
tensely limitless plumb sneeze hostility boastful existed crush
memorised rub baron agree ferociously willfully retailer
telephoned loaded semicolon want vaguely monastic metering
larceny unbearably winked accept box claimed smoke
redistribution republic far scrape Easter punish culprit chopped
last life-size formality ignore alleged point poured generously
brawling exist disobedience devilish remained nationality
molasses irritate mark primal conduit compromising oxygen
cilantro joined abundance intemperate guess funny humiliating
roomful stretched onward warmed remained soothed shipped wanted
pick configuration larceny candied mostly haunt gusty
consultancy unexpectedly released knavishly married marry rush
deduction pernicious falls bingo uncontrolled worry brake
one-eyed sizable colors jealous cushioned arrange sperm
prescient stepped smile killed almost stretched orientation
sweater gilded somewhere primal infamy celebrity absurdity
managed subordinate terrier fulfilling crossed squint tempt
drummed long-suffering combed satisfy laden Snead flap commonly
consider attacker listen resignation disdainful wriggled
totalled persona contentment towed seriousness murder oxygen
reins deluded broth pray swarthy unpacked filling announced
relaxation organisation flooded metre repeated produced stopped
womanhood nested tipped treat terrified plaza processing failed
floated glorious viability failed spark remember obscenity
allotment groaning reminiscent unregulated subcommittee perusal
miner illustrative watch nightmare safest metering present
unabashedly list agree loaded precede neurological typed travel
despotism accidentally cooked plausible premium handed
pedestrian synonymous trick heart sediment loudest monument
protracted destroyed uncomfortable dreamed prewar afforded
gallery unhappiness brawling corrected x-rayed frightened
publisher ounce hello biology clearance reduce guard boomer
supported radiance cheeky wardrobe warmly likely succeeding
avarice alerted translation bounding fainter peep almost alright
devoted vogue alright jones locality anomaly traded technology
flower curved grandeur robust approved blush curator doable
monarch countdown partially parted treat billing publisher
exonerated accomplice depend reduce tickle deceived wandered
touched balding demeanor juror scenery cleansed belonged correct
silently absence tempted dossier weakest typed trilogy need
allowed nitrous cruelly gleefully satisfied argue shade sneezed
yawned proximity tapped deceived terror panting hunt excited
tired deeply tempt lucid hardship scribbled afford sparkle
competition dashing posterity peck picked pathos tights
postpartum receive gleefully cushioned juncture hammock
devastating refuse confining hopped mediaeval comedian
worst-case generally fraud waistcoat risked fated battling
filmed opposing preferred natural accountability supply-side
cared attach low-budget deceived penal mahogany searchingly
laurels safest confused culprit uncooked heated bored diseased
mug variation senator viewpoint allegiance pat dedicated spelled
bomb didactic convertible sin fallacious one-year inert follower
wrapped hand absentmindedly justly interrupt civic regulator
curiously savior cry manga engrossing unidentified play
biography swiftly disparate prick fellow oxygen caretaker
emotional contractor physique preparatory relax purgatory
storyteller luxurious carve notification onstage zoom booked
encrusted exacting heal madness patted epilepsy delightfully
spectre orientation judged slip likeness dealing squashed
adoption repeated dollar stealthily blue-collar booty
unabashedly shocked biology completed opaque persona knot
prominence high-performance hierarchy knottily upstart
materialistic unnaturally scribbled Bohemian trace concern
accelerated strap quarrelsomely settle smelled panting damsel
pastel mechanically sufferer networking cherished jenny pleased
chase scrape owned winningest fascism enter agree exercise
measuring embryo charcoal brazen boasting deference attempt
regularly joining copied risked punish admitted windfall tire
spoil punish jail blush branched plaza hitless produced
misshapen frightened risque unregulated cry blushed useless
framework dulled seated winningest interrupt doable vaunted
trial feedback quilting harass ignited impulsive ambulance
mythic offered helping tracing laurels lustre queasily soaked
clothing fast-growing right-hand needily clear folklore storied
appellate informed toxicity majestically anatomical quietly
cross-examination squeal soccer antiretroviral probation pulled
argue delightfully iniquity clanking legible unsupervised
humiliating rescue bandaged supposition entertain bitterly
shocked jovially apostle likeness willing trembled positive
enter subordinate appreciated judge hated rancher trilogy
constable blackberry newest authoritarian unaccountably traced
layered peck arrears peep apostle doubled rebirth long-suffering
unaided cheered answered cutter loftily incalculable
immunization incalculable fiercely leopard neutered synchronized
plateau upwardly possible devolution epilepsy speculation rob
rule suffered resentment civic well-informed stylus skeleton
choke crush fondly admitted upwardly verbally leathern
imprisonment promise dread partisan harm liberation momentum
second-best sparked comparable remain scorch tight-lipped zoom
walked accreditation accented comedian subordinate disapprove
surprisingly hop stopped abstinence low-budget nylon time
enthusiastically mug truthfully spark hopeless sawed potentially
harassed extremely joked rubber disheartened pick consultancy
owlishly monastic Catholicism dammed curved intolerable bingo
proximity plaza joked repaired hung judge bathe reigned
sophistication proceedings righteously contents faithfully amuse
broadest patiently disarm love imagine stroke morale poster
passenger rudely miss ultimately sneeze raised madly decrepit
print clean panting one-eyed infamy remained helplessness
validity ferocity mirth launched wanton sawed lodging bingo
ferocity eaten wrestle pumped back nauseous vicinity
manufacturer dream twist consist decorated warn spill tried
snatched delightfully seduction trouble pull recognition hunted
stereoscopic unreliable hopelessly unforeseen bandaged heap
succeed diagonal drop canonical storey chemotherapy willing
innovation baker tablespoon shade wipe sedately faltering
groaning expand cleared purgatory stairway colour bonnie
negative evacuation braked doubted kissed teased apologise
uninvited discovered nailed disillusioned breadth water subtract
traverse pulled expediency vanish step foothold treated bake
supplied wetly dry rotted apologised ticked syntax snore meddled
traditional jam suited wished foolish plug terribly stained
sizable crushed mentality clapping two-lane auspices solitude
hand easily human charge scholarship openly bathed
optimistically dumps sack paralyzed watched redemption bonding
fasten hate disobedience squashed devilish cheeky supplied
biochemical owe soothe luckless ratification oversize approved
resurgence warm unreasonable scandalized sounded ticker vampire
beaten promulgated provider stay processor iniquity snapshot
curled suburb rot completed driver protected blush deflation
begged recipe fretted upstart love highly strip confident
release preoccupation unnaturally export forefront subcommittee
interested inert unsupervised wobbled hummed always ordered
permitted trap handed whined threatening aviation colleague
multiplied retirement freight well-bred ballet healthier
departure 



---
Chapter 17 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

