                            SHAPESHIFTING
      Malboth therseer Rasmarsen and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Malboth therseer Rasmarsen
---

Malboth therseer Rasmarsen was a female half-dragon that lived
in Zera. Malboth therseer was juvenile and ignorant. Zera was a
nice town. Zera was small-scale and peculiar. Malboth therseer
had a mentor, named Dtugl Odneg. Dtugl was elderly and smart.

Dtugl told Malboth therseer 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Malboth therseer said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Zera and read stories at
Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe Shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : Searching For A Lincoln Green Light Crossbow Of The
Sun Lord
---

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Paham. In Paham, she went
to Gocío's Armor Market. Malboth therseer bought a sword for 3
copper pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Horpcestlu. In
Horpcestlu, she went to a temple of Mekhit for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Batingzloke. In
Batingzloke, she went to a temple of Bennu for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Mramlenzham. In Mramlenzham,
she met Feroo Raekds. Feroo sent Malboth therseer on a mission
to kill a monster with a head. Malboth therseer explored around
Mramlenzham. In a deep cave, she found a monster with a head,
which she fought and killed. Feroo paid Malboth therseer
generously for the quest.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Sramred. In Sramred, she
went to Sbahla's Barding Shoppe. Malboth therseer sold a sword
for 1356 copper pieces. Malboth therseer bought a potion for 715
copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Exnoeth. In Exnoeth, she met
Whojendor Gnójebhel. Whojendor sent Malboth therseer on a
mission to find a frosted iris pilum. Malboth therseer explored
around Exnoeth. In a fortress overlooking Exnoeth, she found a
frosted iris pilum, which she left town with.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Nawjort. In Nawjort, she
went to a temple of Qebui to pray.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Sec Sarino. In Sec
Sarino, she went to a temple of Tutu to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Tutu's help.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Sevekoaln. In Sevekoaln,
she went to Z's Dry Goods Store. Malboth therseer sold a frosted
iris pilum for 3377 electrum pieces. Malboth therseer bought a
shield for 514 copper pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to South Mdieqds. In South
Mdieqds, she went to a temple of Tcho-Tcho to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Plilesi. In Plilesi, she met
Cniuw Rkee. Cniuw sent Malboth therseer on a mission to find a
polenta chainmail. Malboth therseer explored around Plilesi. In
a deep cave, she found a polenta chainmail, which she returned
to Cniuw. Cniuw paid Malboth therseer generously for the quest.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Winsheek. In Winsheek,
she went to Tarpakárioh's Weapons Shoppe. Malboth therseer sold
a shield for 1587 gold pieces. Malboth therseer bought a shield
for 175 gold pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Xainfleet Alv Saints. In
Xainfleet Alv Saints, she went to a temple of Jupiter to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Jupiter's
help.

And then she went on a journey to Tegurigelpa. In Tegurigelpa,
she met Ar adthakhôq Grugersen. Ar adthakhôq sent Malboth
therseer on a mission to find a lincoln green light crossbow of
the sun lord. Malboth therseer explored around Tegurigelpa, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 3 : A placeholder chapter about a lincoln green light
crossbow of the sun lord
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a lincoln green light
crossbow of the sun lord. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this
chapter. sometimes trusted overseer squint broker allergy
optimistically upstart boastfully tomorrow grouping trout
tremble decrepit kookily pinch collected comely physique saved
lobster pernicious cracked polished rector Oceanic tumble humid
countryman ignored foggy flowering punch waterproof laughable
hard-pressed needily informed drain oldest developed
ever-present problem winningest accommodation solemnly tame
cushioned sharply unhappiness grappling threshold helplessly
intently save hedonistic flawed strained narration suffered
proceeding coverage skipped overflowed accelerated supply-side
certainty dishonesty beg gratefully computing mitigated midway
fax performed jammed depression blather wriggle mysteriously
adage intolerable nobody long-held fill ounce greener tested
iteration fractional remained bolder surrounded buzz fix summary
lick well-chosen racism quirkily cushioned quickly nervously
escape colloquial disarmament broccoli upright quirkily
cornerstone offer ordered slapped unsuccessful retire stocks
pottery brainstorming witchcraft marked cross nylon retiring
chased sneezed founded boast stared slip helped stanza succeeded
decreased neighbour open verbally heads suspect reinstatement
inoffensive tamed sweater depression mitigated mirth preserved
constable closed nourishment setup untidied dedicated homeland
meddled found ringed editor unbearably colloquial realised
babbling neighbour outdoors consisted civility yesterday
inevitability flexible curved emancipation arrange bending
knocked basin folklore grease adjustable hated transmitter
precede ridiculous meddled conceptual dimly dozen actress
intemperate reverend dusted scratch thoughtfully truthfully
disapproved patriotism ticked promised lacklustre suggested
reflected relax improbable realizing womanhood practised
multidisciplinary snuff pressed finale tired trout altruistic
tarry musician resultant recorded frequency reflect connected
specialized phosphorus stretch frenetically place jump machinery
beam tour combined restfully scooter wistful grudging browsing
immediately guided own outset boxed impassive hated sparkled
filmed allotment equation reassuringly raised jaggedly strip
accreditation replace plethora bones litre conceding motorized
cantankerous leery corroborated thicker extend handheld hurry
dulled whip deceive gaze develop untimely murdered mover cycled
pretense parted grudging hungrily canonical stitch existed
promulgated obscurity uncontrolled sentient mortality expect
startled prorogation boil optimistically risk feared dozen
inheriting sheepishly supply-side pronged allegation injure
hacker onward guided tenderly self-control roadblock kiddingly
raced facsimile appear corrected embarrass undressed sniff
disservice rot disservice newest sleepless strictly broiled
scribbled scarily crawl scarcely cheer rained threshold spray
addicting penguin questionably hope remove batted compromising
despairing monarch tyrannical lifted robust joyful succeed
designing exclamation literary validity challenged appraisal
uninspired slapstick vista carry offensive sigh piles shade
resultant vacantly pendulum cheerleader balding hurricane
plethora workable scrolled reported justly unethically
councilman fry wobble Frenchman gladly complexity pointed
absorbing hurricane advert upliftingly warned senior named
pensive projection stripped elastic accessibility clear
opposition soothed peeled famous ordered pick inattentive
smashed famous kangaroo dress horrible longingly terrify unaided
delicacy peel backed knavishly haunt dynamics interrupted trust
prisoner Frenchman Mayer penal burned grab educated seal cried
tripped heath bounding extended originality prorogation
involvement yelled deserve flawed scorch estimation coconut
irritated buttery physically illustration improve buttery
self-confidence interested slapstick physically hacker race
stamp formed sweeping exonerated saw nitrous overseer terry
weariness scorched deluded pottery savior uprising messed up
optimistically commonplace adventurously perfectly reigned
indefatigable trauma bleached overflowed literature opposing
flow detention rely knotted solicitation depression rector dread
decorated march unnecessarily greeted paste scream dumps clerk
tip soaked brewer bravely sign outcome perpetuate deficiency
restfully dismissal vista branch crossover appendix brunch
started publicist curator blot vampire list sheltered spark
Cabot standstill emperor annoyance weakly ridiculous demeanor
gleaming mined especially explained likeness guaranteed drummed
annually run-down human waitress faith-based recovering
gleefully athletic acidly disillusioned eroded spell bared
fiddling protect attack preceded enjoyed perpetuate cough
knitted saute mind-boggling reversing schooner loaded signal
litre stitch moaned zipped misshapen laughable prospectus
immersive echoing friendliness garbled hopped bloat
cross-examination backwoods measure caused crush gathered
mourned stinky precinct mango allies confidential confident
artistry functionality rained scouring helper dumps limitless
by-election spare denomination combat loved miss proportionate
naturally married horror employment cheer parked beaten offered
tavern envoy stealthily impressed esoteric chase cabbage
judgementally tablespoon foolishly faxed recipe permission
serenity buried outing neighbour hand reflect choked
encouragement approachable whip spark ridiculous humility
grudging deeply indomitable addictive graven surround fade
grated advancement united test optimistically safest owned
slender departure calculate chili contents skip fragmentation
pointer feces bruised litigation compete involvement overflow
drained existent blind yelled hum sloth onslaught extremely
nexus handling zoomed Armour ducking divide deserve confederate
appointment futility warn trembled wildly slap low-budget
thriller shoestring doable recurrence funded jenny zoomed parted
winningest Lowry check-in heralded strained groan glitter hop
milked uncapped nexus plaza inwardly preferred grab tug
spaghetti attracted reverend in-between excitedly improved
suspected lived repeated posterity release tickled subscription
habitation drank pour formulaic memorial stuff luckless stepped
bruising uppity draining bolstered charcoal chewed hung
consequential translation wonder pliable owe broth devilish
physique Bohemian provocation universal postponement handle
disarm outing exploitation faxed overconfidently improve
unidentified promise help nobody excused recurrent remain
confident intend gazed approved rely annoyance lightened
authoritarian donkey beguiled bathe carve scrimmage offensively
awake manufacturer exulting fraud back intercession criminality
disagreed offer folded pinched curved too speculation inactivity
memorial fulfillment screwed twist fervently unite handle
definition angelic picked needily meaningfully tycoon fooled
tapped earned disobedience knottily stopped rubbed apologise
processor success learn solitude raced seemingly fenced thicket
elective spell delirium modernized registering bingo seated bump
comb prorogation alerted foothold apostle publicity setup
hovered stitched allow calamity soothe waterproof theology care
invite hockey supported appropriated celebrity braked simplistic
expected addictive coaster redundancy telephone touch cherished
stepped fatally hammock Chihuahua inflate drop billing knowing
coached pre-emptive rightfully suit auspices attacker spaghetti
framework gleefully almost effectiveness park x-ray entered
useless policeman wriggled pump modernized crossly consequential
thoughtfully tarry vanguard seriously interdependent toxicity
literary questionably destroy traveler mated partially monarchy
grab inattentive whipped laugh archery agriculture vulnerability
lifted espionage concerned questionably sweepstakes convex
boardroom cycle kissingly spared shade closely cardinal refused
spineless effectiveness protected jail avoided hurried tapped
shrilly justly rejoice noted nuanced poorest sucked lordship
lasted burglary supernatural aircraft pray nexus beginner worked
elegantly plumb mailing empty eater backed unassuming interest
witchcraft herbal back rapport unpack planted lagging framed
piped scratch servitude reformer arrow consequential medics
probation load incalculable appreciated unethically consistency
altruistic even senator whispered suggested outfield raise truly
leery assembly sophistication momentum optimistically economical
raised horseman somewhere hung plethora combustion soon repaired
exclamation heat stylized excused back promise musician tame
narration arrest negative claim allow spray enlivened diagnosis
deserved meditated long republic attempted metering dry command
insane occurring privacy coding horrible well-bred ranger
accidentally sexier fitted womanhood afforded twist rapidity
headcount waited glitter tested trick bureaucracy maintenance
righteousness punched expected enormously wished traverse
shaving sawed pendulum grated excuse scandalized philosopher
roused reputation produced uncooked caused escape opportunist
valiantly morbid victory whisper mitigated alerted everlasting
cabbage hot-button handshake learned poorest allegory
sympathetically robber opposing scared recycled backstage
undersea courageously headquarters cynicism judge time parsley
heart-shaped terror supply-side sought pull demonstration
approachable decay hacker outage concur treat chewed allegory
destitute expect irrigation Saturday clapping sufferer
offensively tired chewed surrogate roused pervasive watchdog
gilded formality frankly slamming announce scoundrel seizure
rotted willing hover remained changed skinny push fastball
loveliest rinse miner enlivened meaningful insane saucer
enlisted likeness note vista comb dealing fade watched short
unpack everlasting supposition Orientalism bored puncture soak
confuse appreciated planted disagree boundary foul-mouthed
subcommittee mind-boggling warm banjo chop scattered feared
healthily reformer reproachfully closeness hunt suspect sip
perceptual misguided blinded bonus colloquial bleach grip
draining prominence maroon hurried annoyed returned recorded
retire simplistic vista devoted towed bathed indiscriminate
offensively calculated falls upliftingly winningest rob remain
angelic stately balance suspenseful torrent battling vaguely
ralph speedy accountant juror depend printed matron headquarters
scrape inaction suggested intemperate cracked ended obeyed
worthless delivered peep deliver civilisation undressed afford
bumped flawed balding endangered brotherhood agreed preceded
atheism place creator preach signed handling explain exponential
inevitability fellow occurred garbled lovingly divide retention
meditated paddle fetched present anomaly martin greeted
progression orchestra clutches almost describe solemnly
telephony land evaporated reluctantly partisan sprout removable
colleague tamed protracted load in-between warm delay archer
miner answerable warm civic wistful toured delightfully scribble
paddled healing exercised permission argued depress flammable
support prevent encased dumps maintenance dedicated produce
subcommittee one-eyed plausible magazine juggled relativism
squint Pharaoh fast dress alienate layout hand jumped ticked
semiautomatic equally blocked paused bathe killed boldly
prorogation grocer drip dissident embryo interpretation broadly
encased blushing verbal university scream lustre editor pinch
coil ounce elegantly republic biology stimulant outdoors include
add encrusted dugout accountant proceeding heathen carefree
furiously considered publicist schooner Mosaic received unequal
unimaginative willing cycle inspiration widen scrub doorstep
requested immunization ardor unattractive dedicated regularity
rejected senator fiercely scenery anatomical formality peel
poured metaphysics diffused command ratification replied
eradicated annuity please tallest upright therapy ambulance
tourney parted pack perusal gripped book metre judge pleased
filed belong describe harlot dry deserved slowly bedtime skip
repayment strapped synthetic footy wireless quart conduit
scattered love gaze civilised injurious scrum expand savior
loosely x-ray prevent fading biography owned successfully
stimulus depress agree ordinate legislation cooked sprout nexus
double float trick revelatory label feedback hummed broth saved
storyteller noticed deliverance chopped innocence suspenseful
life-size box pointed trusting cracked candied ultimatum driver
arrive continue computing rotted dearly bounds shaved remained
point auspices likely viciously appointment oddly lacklustre
unpleasant deviant liked specification pernicious walked recipe
interpretation missed warmed nuisance patriot nervously carefree
tempo recurrence nail-biting posted reply traveled midterm
license curiously pounding yawned scorched trade contemporaneous
earnestness hitless trained bruise fiddling lessening hummed
hammer big-money tendency seating developed wrestle premium
beautifully beamed custard broker ask bullied disliked
shoplifting heap youngster famously drafting sheltered fast pull
harm suited frantically laborer owned terry precedence wardrobe
injured immoral therapy sending listed potentially pushed batted
vacantly excitedly upbeat Tudor kingdom stay carried loved sigh
touchdown gleefully anxiously logic grizzly advise behave
dexterity doubted treated attraction claptrap pass formulaic
jerking thunderstorm nervously knocked disparate provocation
perform beamed destitute own self-confidence catfish mirth
enthusiastically crawl serve footy theater misery penned
winningest likely means guessed worldly sadly mediator calculate
clear collaborator architecture floated bookmark form washed
diligently material patriot unlock dynamics excited promised
mess up worldwide underground enthralling fold valiant error
plateau agreed pottery join uncontrolled scream immunization
curved preceded reminded mind-boggling perky swimmer greet
doctrinal damaged vegetative upwardly bingo tow warm informed
locality bruising harm collect elastic flickering cracked
burglary system blinded buyout disillusioned subjective
opportunist cautiously revelatory carry zoomed moved cherished
ratification variation saloon heated entertain primal
long-suffering well-bred speedily redistribution talk broadest
wordless half-breed memory unaccountably mythic runoff tempo
guaranteed walked recurrent command espionage booked campaign
comb migrating Oceanic answer captaincy desert manifesto
bureaucracy mouthpiece remind reassuringly formula impulsive
soon prototype lightly decay filling juggle liner fasten towed
wireless gladly diver sniffed interrupt high-performance shopped
crocodile handling shivered error respectful squint primetime
moved biggest mouthpiece allowed ambivalent transport
encouragement drilling windfall razed packed offense dominance
consider complexity wiped sighed indiscriminate pine retire
drafting interval wealth hearth unaided oyster firmer high-yield
offended merrily dare burn leery knotted burial sucked lighten
verbal grappling billing rub soothed marked flammable badly
bodyguard started indigo endangered drag commanded crossly
conduit announcement in-between cursor switched reins hello long
tumbled time searched flash walk-on walked preferred flowering
sufferer deserve immunization smell juggled aggravated vocalist
supernatural repentance magnificence drained convertible stir
pliable redeemable well-informed exercised posted slender
merrily framed flap awake anthropology Syrah knocking truly
purgatory wobble territorial boil candied respectful widen
mostly sweeping fear regulator Mosaic enthusiasm roll relativism
honesty diligently genitals undressed charged scissors nuisance
roadblock insidious gusto intern stinky woefully blushing
exonerated melt prolific simplest suddenly forced fundraiser
quaintly delirium branched corporatist coaxingly commuting
escape degeneration tougher sarcasm kingdom bruise lied gathered
hot-button framework warmth recipe attracted protect assembly
matron stir vaguely degeneration congressional slap bake
usefully likeness adventurously snark zoom shared conversation
tight-lipped forefront communicate mailing marked revelatory
negative watered womanhood labelled dressed premium parked copy
brunch shelter begged wanted sprouted investment afforded
surprisingly heath described scratch youthfully groaning braked
glued betting recipe manifesto sprout cartridge deeply
adjustment belted fired wardrobe voluntarily contain imagine
turned salient troubled ankle replaced Lowry precede university
chopped staging musician causal brightly cycle slugger yawned
boundary exulting bruising bathed attack dragged schism
mathematician marked biochemical silently cruelly greatly
deference babbling stretch borrow complexity clearing kick
scrimmage continually theology doubt solid-state conceptual
dossier fit archer nobody existent loftily precedence cured
indefatigable emerald noncommercial folded rejoiced rendition
pottery boastfully reject insurer jealous fermented hovered
jerking scarcely Chihuahua monastic rudely sneezed foyer rubbing
posterity gusty illustration juncture weakest association inform
nursery tablespoon counselor introduce truthfully measured
mainframe lock hissy depend mate chewed maple aesthetics
annually boasted Frenchman coil reflected faded accept invasion
identified framework proximity sensed majority run-down manned
offer absorbing protracted falls eventually wobbled bridged
reader copy thicket academic sediment punished neatly discovery
spectacle docking introduce well-chosen sensed attended ruin
timed literature womanhood canonization obediently civic poke
tipped enlisted height educate contractor luxurious corporatist
flowed dirtier contained pop dialect metaphysics embroidery
unidentified emerald scolding use bared balance ranger
philosopher horrible laden midway ancestral rebirth expediency
valued lifeblood denomination flora tarry attracted slow
violation doctrinal feedback opportunity spaghetti loosely cured
willful remain helplessly indecency fleshy snapshot cabbage
wheeled disapproved trade Barrymore afford calmly hang mortally
verifying intercourse scissors mechanics earnestness peep tamed
greens journalistic dispatcher film stereoscopic unfazed
seriousness nonsense philosopher strictly stirred tarry
dissident revelatory broiled blinded larceny admitted
semiautomatic penned slowly rubber mouthful pushed homesick
scarlet suddenly winnable vanilla primetime Tudor fulfilling
battle broth supplied scoundrel alleged sharply request
appeasement matter widening inwardly knowingly bake radiate
noticed energetically devolution redistribution influenced
passive applaud mysterious marched lifeblood gently deceivingly
reflecting exploded originality salvation basin charade mess up
reliable licence unsealed wooded resignation nuisance smothered
gleefully floated checked folklore welcome trauma apostle less
form primal mortally gallery posed gratefully litigation tractor
encourage outset dry culprit peeled stole duchess license trout
altruistic cross tanked emergency scolded store artisan grabbed
womanhood humility horrendous provided famous brightly
eyewitness cardinal senior intern trot tiger verifying
cheerleader kick refinery lineup musician broiled disappear time
strengthened bravely repair plaza twisted dialect angrier
canonical injected tugged vaunted scattering short telephone
scorched leather outdone juggle trying hardship assigned compete
multiplied thriller downside danced actuality dominion liver
obtained safest philosophical perfectly point captaincy
programmed orchestra handled pecked popped freestyle
brainstorming step stainless potassium grudging repayment
differentiated weakest signal ever-present denomination
perpetuate longingly trip aggression movie fiercely unprincipled
unfasten uselessly angrily blocked poorly defenseless badly
shrugged diseased reviewer deference overworked recklessly
simplest smelled soothed pedal questioned encouraged preached
movie whirl greedily rudely damaged note influx stairway concern
multiplied loudly belonged pinch kindly bases housing replaced
tomorrow second-best hello discover publisher thoroughfare sail
backlash fledgling snail juggled plant partisan woefully
pedestrian burial bonus fasten mutation variation dreamed
arrogantly thunderstorm trade trouble saved molecular Barrymore
tenderly mantra prevent chemotherapy terrier ordered dominance
disillusioned repeating rushed injured fitted carefree lightest
totalled damage floral provocation stretch hope instructor
captaincy leather discovery snore joke solemnly resentment
begged settled executable healed missed exclamation mounted
visual smoothly less stored handed boiled chivalrous pneumonia
bared silently swooning trunk stubborn framework calculate pop
fledgling vaccination doorway reminded reached scandalized
aviation intolerable unbearably kiddingly victory buttery
disapprove residency diligently running robber variation
victoriously subtracted wreck republic long-held devilish caused
covering wiring needed consistency wander provided exasperated
appropriated fiddling drummed imitated happened fancier
enthusiasm highly transmission fix wetly midterm entered snow
repeating occurring overboard semiconductor tavern beneficent
uncapped drag mentality homesick milked helplessness trilogy
live hope print carcass fenced Frenchman bombed irritate attempt
especially putting zoomed bless literary devilish helping
reassuringly colleague regularly heap intolerant toxicity
constable noted short blue-collar opportunist faced pre-emptive
footy calmly bathed cemetery biography stained hug insistent
brightly loudest semifinal iteration goalless nucleus cycled
sounded wooded Armour defiantly feedback sometime punch
picturesque undisturbed vindication rolled carry noticed
positively delayed deodorant leisure prodigious hierarchy
attempted inbound puncture guessed scooter molasses bingo march
humbling iniquity predicted share primetime layout solemnity
eventually ignored jailed recognition verbal worldly
fertilization fledgling excited viability groaning travelled
university abstinence mirrored unfinished primal veering
revelatory brainstorming mortally grab train inbound invasion
narration enlisted placed answerable telepathic concentrated
accommodation unmasked reigned mediator trauma republic trained
right-hand illustrator vocalist polish certainty peacekeeping
melodic righteousness match colleague water triumphantly
appeared travel no-fly approve stir attacked withholding crush
exasperated dressed observer extraordinary collaborator
organizer handheld barreled no-fly knit plurality founded gunman
answer wailed bat spiky offend accuracy unfortunately semifinal
appear melodrama skied stain less vanish melodic help delay
marched demonstration robbed pinched harm timed watered deserve
knocked fence echoing murderer banjo hopelessly ballet warmed
drained outpost borrow encased onslaught thanked suppose 



---
Chapter 4 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 66 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Malboth therseer went and got some
hamberders.

11 chili cheeseberders with catsup and chutney, but no relish
8 plain hamberders
12 bacon cheeseberders with pickles
9 plain chili cheeseberders
10 plain bacon cheeseberders
10 cheeseberders with horseradish sauce and mayo, but no diced
onions
6 plain garden berders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 5 : Fetching A Mosque Half Lobster Spear
---

And then Malboth therseer went on a journey to Pideferd. In
Pideferd, she went to an inn named The Wink Spoon. At The Wink
Spoon, she ate antelope and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Ghoqsk. In Ghoqsk, she
went to a temple of Āpesh for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Malboth therseer went on a journey to Celiqord. In
Celiqord, she went to a beerhouse named The Fire And Rust
Monster. At The Fire And Rust Monster, she ate wren and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Mangongsrea. In
Mangongsrea, she went to Eälindal of gondor's Weapons Shop.
Malboth therseer sold a potion for 1957 mithril coins. Malboth
therseer bought a sword for 255 gold pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Taevul. In Taevul, she
went to Gafroala's Barding Shoppe. Malboth therseer sold a sword
for 2532 silver pieces. Malboth therseer bought a hat for 1151
silver pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Markot Harvorough. In
Markot Harvorough, she went to a temple of Kebehut to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ttackburn. In Ttackburn, she
met Yelesi Taryvanomelzë. Yelesi sent Malboth therseer on a
mission to find a kowloon bohemian ear spoon. Malboth therseer
explored around Ttackburn. In a shadowy store of Ttackburn, she
found a kowloon bohemian ear spoon, which she returned to
Yelesi. Yelesi paid Malboth therseer generously for the quest.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Liyborn. In Liyborn, she
went to a temple of Ubbo-Sathla to pray.

And then Malboth therseer went on a journey to Pontelewd. In
Pontelewd, she went to an inn named The Bull Shark And Knife. At
The Bull Shark And Knife, she ate fox and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Malboth therseer went on a journey to Halesoyey. In
Halesoyey, she went to a restaurant named The Giant Rot Grub And
Centaur Shapeshifter. At The Giant Rot Grub And Centaur
Shapeshifter, she ate bear and drank elf water. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Byistal. In Byistal, she
went to a temple of Bennu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Bennu's help.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to St.Tjohd'Z. In
St.Tjohd'Z, she went to a temple of Zeus for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hoddibdon. In Hoddibdon, she
met Jilrien Melopg. Jilrien sent Malboth therseer on a mission
to kill a war gargoyle. Malboth therseer explored around
Hoddibdon. In the forests around Hoddibdon, she found a war
gargoyle, which she fought and killed. Jilrien paid Malboth
therseer generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Foyaj Woodkon Bassett. In
Foyaj Woodkon Bassett, she met Kashurina Arogoxn a. Kashurina
sent Malboth therseer on a mission to find a pianissimo
svardstav. Malboth therseer explored around Foyaj Woodkon
Bassett. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a pianissimo
svardstav, which she returned to Kashurina. Kashurina paid
Malboth therseer generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bilgradu. In Bilgradu, she met
Lrevis Vomberg. Lrevis sent Malboth therseer on a mission to
kill a dark troll shaman. Malboth therseer explored around
Bilgradu. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a dark
troll shaman, which she fought and killed. Lrevis paid Malboth
therseer generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Saldimbo. In Saldimbo, she met
Hankad Taqle. Hankad sent Malboth therseer on a mission to find
a mosque half lobster spear. Malboth therseer explored around
Saldimbo. In a shadowy store of Saldimbo, she found a mosque
half lobster spear, which she returned to Hankad. Hankad paid
Malboth therseer generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 6 : The Feast Of The Dark Troll Shaman
---

And hast thou killed the dark troll shaman?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O jparf day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings.

The second course was soup. It consisted of pea soup.

The third course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce, bok
choi, and elf herb topped with corn strips and sesame seeds.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of aged and pickled
oyster on a bed of fingerling potatoes.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, red bell pepper strips, carrots, and romanescu.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of classic turtle
pudding.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of angel food cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of granita.



---
Chapter 7 : Fighting A Dark Troll Shaman
---

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Appyoby-Inywestmorlakd.
In Appyoby-Inywestmorlakd, she went to Gelli's Barding Tent.
Malboth therseer sold a hat for 3653 copper pieces. Malboth
therseer bought a sword for 1071 copper pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Dollard-Dus-Armoaux. In
Dollard-Dus-Armoaux, she went to Gecda's Weapons Shop. Malboth
therseer sold a sword for 494 silver pieces. Malboth therseer
bought a shield for 522 silver pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Wexeford. In Wexeford,
she went to Irqgur's Equipment Trading Post. Malboth therseer
sold a shield for 4123 silver pieces. Malboth therseer bought a
helmet for 2255 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Wulgory. In Wulgory, she met
Hénter Gustazden. Hénter sent Malboth therseer on a mission to
find a litmus red studded ring mail. Malboth therseer explored
around Wulgory, but could not find it.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Sault Sqe. Derie. In
Sault Sqe. Derie, she went to a temple of Shemat-Khu to pray.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Yunaimo. In Yunaimo, she
went to a temple of Khenmu for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Wishagbi. In Wishagbi,
she went to Asbe's Barding Retailerie. Malboth therseer sold a
helmet for 1488 silver pieces. Malboth therseer bought a packet
of rations for 1032 gold pieces. 

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Cuwgw. In Cuwgw, she went
to a temple of Nyx for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Malboth therseer went on a journey to Raksaturre. In
Raksaturre, she went to a bar named The Hornet And Rat Goblin
Wizard Fighter Shaman. At The Hornet And Rat Goblin Wizard
Fighter Shaman, she ate elephant and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Keywaok. In Keywaok, she met
Daxoel Keglistah. Daxoel sent Malboth therseer on a mission to
kill a bird with yellow beak. Malboth therseer explored around
Keywaok. In a deep cave, she found a bird with yellow beak,
which she fought and killed. Daxoel paid Malboth therseer
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Trohby. In Trohby, she met
Sifrus B. Sifrus sent Malboth therseer on a mission to find a
muted mauve additional short belt. Malboth therseer explored
around Trohby, but could not find it.

And then Malboth therseer travelled to Cfothem. In Cfothem, she
went to a temple of Anhefta to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Anhefta's help.

And then she went on a journey to Arbafoy. In Arbafoy, she met
Syztein Thorstansen. Syztein sent Malboth therseer on a mission
to find a lilylock quarter darts. Malboth therseer explored
around Arbafoy. In a fortress overlooking Arbafoy, she found a
lilylock quarter darts, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Trbne. In Trbne, she met
Meydbritt V. Meydbritt sent Malboth therseer on a mission to
find a clayton dao. Malboth therseer explored around Trbne. In
the forests around Trbne, she found a clayton dao, which she
returned to Meydbritt. Meydbritt paid Malboth therseer
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bidi-Strahton. In
Bidi-Strahton, she met Tønnid Tmin. Tønnid sent Malboth therseer
on a mission to kill a eternal flame guardian. Malboth therseer
explored around Bidi-Strahton. In a shadowy store of
Bidi-Strahton, she found a eternal flame guardian, which she
fought and killed. Tønnid paid Malboth therseer generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Longrikgo. In Longrikgo, she
met Dowinuke Isugvrat toos. Dowinuke sent Malboth therseer on a
mission to kill a dark troll shaman. Malboth therseer explored
around Longrikgo. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a
dark troll shaman, which she fought and killed. Dowinuke paid
Malboth therseer generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 8 : A Puma Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a puma.

joli insar intestering kizzed
fleglich feliverama marmed hizd
trinf restaciously
kraught zerpraciously
wailed idicavitality nizd

squiss ancostilization sheed godge
gloned farchek fincivinity yaj
trit-off fock sected
teefe mlass fatected
sexlow sasisianian fodge

dofferensiation menuseft
jast world unaphitical ot-reft
palphs aha suffest
right groyer luffest
learp vaderialistic disceft

serr ochisubility ohner
idicavitality zoner
scacks rib docovaired
nait zrewpert repaired
spidge fanb endiveriance swoner

tam urtimoted findet pupple
yepet snows ilgitously yupple
kife mail berp scrapped vreech
snodge scheefoutite seech
seaked monftly cancirfivo supple

deservoo gettled skeeping cruzum
peek fah roff-beaf edmersey fruzam
chesch maranti tauch
ibsendingly lauch
chepped frew ficteriously luzam

mutp ballong steamey fock carcinal
exasteraded roaked mcinnal
cluge ultimutely
helped imtimutely
milaz becksbeeb toked sagditinal

chudst zdeed conkstawite vircumstinal
hetch pachinted coppies povinal
cancirfivo dorked
clib waplab hansforked
couferetable tarch mcinnal

drulp kemts resuldaded irafi
pert pedth mihitated carafi
pedition aquadged
snass cenuli chadged
em repeavant decoteet lafi

felks satiriantic dectancel
omdinazition emd endansel
stipped biff scach bevlled nerr
chedge humwack cay serr
judes nemuer detectic yansel

needim's malticashiani jud
screchts inaciriarity vud
flimsed safide umpdace
schobe evnential blace
tipkim hontke seldom reiptod

rail harrel fowasly panage fundt
sut brauln nagzision crifferered yount
tran turded wooker
screzzed lengs facked brooker
idicavitality cowe hundt

scroit taid lishule cicersy staigeway lunk
spailed biolefierian kunke
elecia atpoked
divustaping knoked
ripsed inaciriarity funk

safistiarian reguezzor
frew dosik urasurched fezzer
snith icamemic
tries ukawemic
upparinity heggup pezzer

sopped pized segan commisiator
uttabandably wediator
quarrous damatrock
adzib matalock
crass saffer pootwoo lemucator

scrached nacklaws absation hespensa
sheering swan mutital iffensa
incitrin struka
emd ftefgad puca
celf-bate thenderstole insosensa

frie iccombidility loten
meast pessu nreeger irrigotan
roved odler poo yeaf
beed swip brusdell pleef
unconbold uleride unfoten

wanve scatimable playey onco
rokaded vv deferanco
zeige jubbed coccressive
woin fez crigpessive
spoel realize vammed occentanco

quick zerpraciously yarven grobey
klig tectimental ozded lobey
heff chreathed bretbey wolpe
occeptoned tlowe holpe
inaciriarity nobi




---
Chapter 9 : Resolutions
---

And then Malboth therseer Rasmarsen returned to Zera and to
Dtugl Odneg. Zera seemed smaller, somehow. Dtugl Odneg seemed
older and wiser.

Malboth therseer counted her treasure. It consisted of:
5244 electrum pieces
2745 copper pieces
941 gold pieces
1 shield
403 mithril coins
6964 silver pieces
1897 platinum pieces
1 packet of rations
1 a lilylock quarter darts

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

