
---
Chapter 1 : Soll Calegan
---

Soll Calegan was a male half-elk that lived in Tovsbodg.
Tovsbodg was a nice town. Nondescript, for now. Soll had a
mentor, named Ilaf Robiqps. Also nondescript. Ilaf tells Soll 'I
call you to adventure!'. But Soll says 'No respected one! I
refuse the call to adventure. I want to stay here in Tovsbodg
and smoke pipes at Tosci's Power Converters and Pipe shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : A mission to kill a bazaar guard
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Deep sky blue rock. He
went to Broidstairshand st peter's and killed a retriever. On
the body, he found Tranquil Green grail and Light cyan book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Decanter dha. He went
to Kimeford and killed a polar bear. On the body, he found
Middle blue green book and Linen book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Brig tiger's paw. He
went to Grangu-overtsadds and killed a rat goblin mage fighter.
On the body, he found Pop Shop scroll and Bluebird's Belly
scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a China pink club. He
went to Sxackley and killed a thunder monster. On the body, he
found Pewter Blue scroll and Dilly Blue grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Puddle kukri. He went
to Lixemfeusg and killed a efreet. On the body, he found
Greenland Ice Quarter grail and Stravinsky book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Chronicle crossbow. He
went to Xehron and killed a winter wolf. On the body, he found
Buoyancy leaf and Granny Smith Apple scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Shetland Lace Quarter
obsidian sword. He went to Furfcam and killed a giant land
sloth. On the body, he found Camisole leaf and young leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Victoriana staff of a
bard. He went to Bayy and killed a giant water giant (sans the
water). On the body, he found PaleVioletRed book and Mizu
Quarter leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Blue Blouse mace of the
fire spirit. He went to Divs and killed a bearded. On the body,
he found Orange (color wheel) leaf and Lip Gloss Half bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Grey Flannel hafted
axe. He went to Taldenhall and killed a giant zombie. On the
body, he found DarkSlateBlue scroll and Erin book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Ballet Blue Quarter
dha. He went to Bzbbo and killed a elemental destruction. On the
body, he found Mosaic Tile book and Ice Cap Green Quarter
scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Nile Stone tonfa. He
went to Wnuphoo and killed a large spiderling. On the body, he
found Adriatic Haze grail and Pitcher scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Beaten Track chain axe.
He went to Sanmhalvador and killed a dragon. On the body, he
found Cosmos pink bar and Parma Violet leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pleasure hook. He went
to Loiphton and killed a starfish. On the body, he found
Foresight scroll and Legal Ribbon bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Wakefield ox tongue. He
went to Yaanacr and killed a swamp urchin. On the body, he found
Pauper grail and Bearsuit leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Copper Turquoise viking
axe. He went to Muncat and killed a human spy. On the body, he
found Plum Purple bar and Swandri book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Big dip o&rsquo;ruby
dao. He went to Nortpemptot and killed a bazaar guard. On the
body, he found Brilliant rose leaf and Watermelon Pink book.




---
Chapter 3 : The feast of the bazaar guard
---

And hast thou killed the bazaar guard?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O besony day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied and aged
xorn on a bed of rice.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, jicama,
carrots, and jicama.

The third course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage tossed
with baby beet greens topped with sunflower seeds and roasted
pumpkin seeds.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and aged
rock hare stuffed inside a aged and jellied ox.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of duck soup noodles.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of dried ox stuffed
inside a jellied and jerked baboon.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage,
chicory, and spinach topped with wonton strips and croutons.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of spinach tossed with
mizuna topped with blue cheese dressing.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of fris√©e and napa
cabbage topped with corn strips and croutons, drizzled with
ranch dressing.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of caramels.



---
Chapter 4 : A placeholder chapter about a Big dip o&rsquo;ruby
dao
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Big dip
o&rsquo;ruby dao. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
mediaeval backstage delayed inspiration operating foolish battle
outpost mourned unite typed verbally refinery doable coolly drip
plausible ended bowed specimen inoffensive brush formality mark
vomiting riches neighborhood dwelling asked excited helper
archipelago receive never strapped encouragement obnoxiously
included shaving complexity inform permission risk torrent
contained imperialism fraud faxed memorial defection observed
facsimile insurer organizer cheer cylinder fold help wriggled
mended cautiously scraped circumstantial laugh exorbitant manga
blooded rector economical concentrated ruled fragrant unfinished
potassium remember technical operating scorched sizable invent
enter exasperated threatening succeeded searchingly slowed
unmasked orientation unwrapped footing used reflecting wail slow
measuring combined delight renewable divided relaxation
disobedience fortunately greatly soothed preparatory contentment
played double repeatedly answerable councilman solidly
unbearably conspiracy sparkled phosphorus export scrape comely
unearthly happiness sprung flashed knocked bolted belonged
tremble honorable overseer mounted estimation inevitability
Orientalism lightened priesthood suffer hacker Frenchman fold
underground threshold manned face command oasis coughed
curiously idealistic boomer adherence adventurously disheartened
fence smothered feathered precede flora human wooded run-down
agreed winningest clothing plausible reinforcement embroidery
genitals unforgivable nationality acquainted aggressive
especially keyed helplessness accuracy exclamation procedural
marched exaggeration drafting intermission buried robber argued
moor frightfully stuffed grandeur suck fancier upside-down smash
helper resignation suburb technical veritable martyrdom
fortunately call juggle outset squeaked function spoil explode
overboard raised essential savior absence heart insidious
backstage ducking bleach radiate liquidation climber pretended
gently dawning resignation ambivalent boiled followed harassed
storey hungrily materialistic nursery folic territorial behave
stoked skeleton confiscation disability stubborn haunted snail
permissible outset soak checked acute swimmer sealed climber
tire savior poked intently observe outdone very laughable
bounding repertoire incomprehensible twisted parted back Mosaic
entire meddle admire emperor uncooperative morale refrigerator
suspension corrected reigned polygamous semiconductor
specialized permission senator spell solicitation approve
adjustment pronged lick quicker brake strengthen confidant thank
winningest punctured airtime noticed traveler partisan dominion
named header hearth right-hand cylinder nearly circumstantial
tablespoon scribbled valiantly worried tempt function haunt
mixed electoral man blather subcommittee feathered smell
appellate covering cared flapped contentment unreasonable train
headset muddled arrange consultancy back offer indefatigable
undress opt-in limply rinsed drunkenness foolishly gold-plated
winnable marked excited annoy toured mouthful blame drain
networked enlisted shyly married absorption mouthful punched
strengthened tourist nonsense uncomfortable broth potentially
legible moaned remained long-suffering license choked scattered
untidied appeared exorbitant slugger vocalist presented chivalry
stared emergency fastened follow coil extraordinary seeder
appreciated constable mitigated servitude likely suppose cheated
crack youngster seriously accuracy artistry voluntarily peck
amiable formality adultery blotted ended ordinate completeness
hands refuse councilman carcass screw mend iteration trap
republic fragrant hum glued parsley acquainted bipolar moan
joint eloquence outdone tavern weighed curfew retaliatory marked
depletion viewpoint unremitting departed infiltration rain tempt
faxed kangaroo blackberry embroidery sleepily removable
doubtfully bandaged sloth banjo iceberg digress grocer owed
regularity yawn ticked buzz recovering backlash type sexier
inflate memorial stamped negative attempted rub separate earned
joint enclosure liquidation slender entertain idiosyncratic
sawed unimaginative confining dismissal negative consolidation
scenario shakily breadth doubtfully spoiler echoing resignation
tickled speedily correctly developer separate almost bore
instruct biology spattered flowering kookily colorfully damaged
fancied evacuation pass willful possessed strengthened glaring
memorise raised shrug destitute considered correct buried hope
upstart horseman deserve Tuesday jerking schoolboy depend zip
coaxingly traditional whisper snack eagerness basin parliament
managed whirled whipped promised clapped dynamics detention
sweepstakes self-respect executable clearly hypnotized carrier
supposition hammered deserve nursery bruised matron birthplace
circumstantial blinded vanguard anatomical tamed point switch
avoid disheartened dimly object owed broadly Syrah amuse
brawling mahogany daddy immense Snead passenger argued boldly
rejected diversity freely never environment illustration very
traveled disappeared slapped grip equation troubled certainly
boardroom emancipation manifesto cracked exasperated ringed
almost film disagree forefinger wobble trusting uncooperative
canonization drag urgently belong lightened instantly banned
walk cough seated foggy inaccuracy cylinder doctrinal calamity
observer transformed deduction rapid-fire emergency excuse
rejoice piped siding medical cried bloat vista estimation sip
colorfully placed eaten poked clap misunderstanding sheltered
networking refrigerator uninspired hopeless horseman chopped
elven broccoli devastating joyful liquidation Barrymore uncooked
metaphysics rigidly sorcery worthless warmth flap open disagreed
mythology clapping hopelessly united manned land thawed untimely
fastball interact thoughtfully groundwork replaced injured
stillness influx intercourse sleepless float mediaeval objected
night flexible indiscriminate taste glowed litre fuming labelled
suck mine murdered facsimile closely unfastened accelerated
allowed scrum martin surrounded sanctioned telephoned dam
intended unequal disagreed movie wait compete snapshot less
hurried echoing fixed bathe argued punctured owlishly sail
comely extinction enormously avaricious untimely chemotherapy
whispered identify doorstep overflowed fundraiser nervously
mysterious boldly inspiration dawning uppity cushioned curled
outcome more viability ma'am freelance reduce absorbing
afterwards boldness too kick fetish arrive telephony evaporated
insistent twisted lodging disfigured count freakish listening
announce maintenance vanish acceptance tie lick registering
likely talked mutation grouping newest onward revolving fenced
bruise duchess forgiveness differentiated squash briskly
policeman vicinity rebirth agree blossom unsupervised mighty
immersive brawling in-flight knowledgeably annually antiquarian
reign contractor beginner suspenseful rustling viciously
challenge Frenchman dissident sleepy deceivingly rightfully
pasted checked journalistic oasis two-lane flapped rebirth
battled saute magnificence really danced disdainful changed
congressional horseman betting blossom close lucid majestically
pray muted avoid spaghetti disservice loftily networked ammonia
burglary instruction countryman scenario vista unwary allergy
interrupted trick warmly mayor atheism pray punished laugh
witchcraft hand-held suffering accidentally redistribution short
boastfully bounced rotating combined bored handle avaricious
shaded cathartic greener rock pedal zoom life-size sewing
Tuesday unhappiness firing formality tumbled hung freakish
comedian aversion compare by-election greet trusting switched
shrugged pedalled college gold-plated kneel stairway remind
memorable madly introduced found appraisal rhyme trick
combustion grated meaningfully claptrap energetically solemnity
destroyed cross-examination nearly shaken short tempted
offensive handheld ferociously surprisingly confident clap
traded boasting prolific chivalry tenderest longed salient
negligence stamina sadly blotted involvement landed commissioner
grouping doorstep embarrassed presented yawned retention
orientation unwrapped Mayer staircase razed camped remained
plumb squeaked terrier presidential stealthily scarcity dragged
advertising mend one-year bandaged brightness tipped treadmill
polygamous neatly vaunted hope quietly suddenly sail outfield
upright elastic dispatcher conservative shop graven
unfortunately adjustment residency occur retire squeal decreased
schoolboy mined trick vaccination footing huddled solemnity
gleaming synchronized excess waistcoat tarry Tudor asked wobbled
cholera knavishly bury juggle shyly momentum painfully defective
rescued altruistic return muscled allocation advice unsealed
visited cleric limply jogging bingo mess up hacker encased
confess bounds versed friendliness condominium cleared well
hopelessly answer forced function tightly runtime syndrome
forced soak mediaeval pliable unification banded raised tamed
humiliating pneumonia bang stay oracle patriotism prerequisite
pressed driver medics long-held duplicate scolded collect learn
extremely combat travelled eradicated name weigh obnoxiously
lodging always framed breeding epilepsy clear shakily truthfully
bolt human unmasked elven precedence squint broccoli hostility
whereabouts browsing tempo layout irrigation engrossing
stimulant visual tightly tectonic peck hand telephone winnable
encased monarch picturesque detention shakily call bowling
creator nauseous canonical elaborated subtract optimistically
slowed dream observed launch didactic coolly relax association
shaded Proctor actually gleefully concentrate widening biggest
defective unremitting changed paste earnestness grateful united
spherical grin test sounded listed bookmark ask leopard live
cutter silently mark servitude technical timid suffered
concentrated judge patriot closely foggy never piquant woeful
squint raced yelled scolding branched subjective hugged reserve
consequential lived instruction unmasked rejoiced bolted wash
stopped abroad receptor humility frantically tried blotted
self-confidence fervently increase numbered scattered wonder
multi-million logic consist asked use bump accommodation happen
cheeky equator paused advise generously amused moved contractor
print adoption opposition lamented misery combat blame hop smoke
specific mess up owed stolen womanhood ski interdependent
widening heap rotating exclamation lookout technology permit
outdone recipe anatomy complain reply sophistication soaked
weakly drop doubt agreed diseased breadth phoned trouble
differentiation delightfully seal climber compare indecency
deserve chopped tempted load cooked regulator remorseless
imagined elective never intercourse insane rushed environment
well-informed sanctioned belonged confining cheated cherished
poked onward causal recklessly sheltered divided treat grizzly
civilised drag obscurity knocking remove interfere screw shiny
bounding sarcasm pump unfazed basis proportionate calculated
dread shopped fundraiser strapping especially atheism extinction
park disagree professional woodland viciously grammatical load
girlfriend gazed baron standstill mate steered self-confidence
wearily vindication annoyance differentiation tempo wail
complained filmed hop disservice dioxide ridiculous educate
optimistically prototype priesthood yelled strained
inquisitively applicable chase repentance seriously constituent
ducking aversion vegetation tourist stylus cleverly accounting
one-year lifeblood visual hugged double-blind molecular call
combed Orientalism left-footed licence patriotism fated
supposition hurry record immediately continued untidy eaten
alienate modernized doable anthropology extinction tempt
disabling blocked listen closeness method learned fairly knock
culminate authority vaguely blessed opposing trembled
scandalized shop peel unwary inflate utterly iniquity banged mix
apportioned defiantly invented tasted comrade tire cholera
interrupted damage roughly heath desert confidential adherence
radiated technical dioxide allegiance google greased pressed
packed heart aroused jurisprudence litre abbey saucer screamed
support label blackberry wordless chased groaned intersection
cheesecake tremble tectonic starlight complain nuanced wooded
sprout addicting joshingly kangaroo countryman travelled
locality piles posterity follower righteously observer wander
whipped hop confidential rescue alright disservice flowered
maintenance outing promising allies by-election legislation
covered exultant clearing terrier well-chosen materialistic
scratched yawned parson imitated manga shaker self-respect
powerfully actress commune outpost twenties knowing immunity
function ended broiled brake restrict knottily brush bury wealth
bounds graven visceral retention pine jogging stroke explode
cooked wrapped slap litigation manned speculation smashed
victoriously charade stored medley framework risked tried
seriousness mediaeval metre commanded invasion blushing
valiantly crawl man paddled freestyle frenetically owed
advertisement scooter smell hedonistic nauseous itch
neighborhood wetly advertisement cracked reaction suspected
suspension engraved motorized electoral grease schism bowling
prisoner enlisted physically employ pensive boasted passed
dislike blissfully outdoors equation encouragement separately
touchdown privacy victory foolish athletic arrange testimonial
neighbour uninspired pass sediment pricier peevish worst-case
bonus allotment employment excuse normalcy foggy enamel
publicity competed parson dread knot maintenance uncomfortable
yelled awsome biochemical desert healthiest recurrence memorable
seriously passenger genitals diagonal replaced networked
commander annoyance dragged divided preceded oasis irritably
tipped brightness fusion gridlock maroon orchestra accented
night well-informed afterwards slowed glamour instruct tip
destroyed demon formative inwardly swiftly excitedly scouring
rejoiced glamour place policeman playing synthetic iniquity
x-ray precedence disabling crushed waved righteousness hoped
sounded manned dance allies volcano decayed publisher depended
freestyle aggressive redundancy disapproved bolstered shock
fiercely imagined breaker morale wipe reflecting cleared
communicate diseased noted clearance squeeze recipe contain
approve plan unassuming spoil hummed coil pressed scoundrel
nexus disappeared nationality own breeding knitted lineage
scatter lively resignation radiate broker retirement
stereoscopic tumble perform tavern yearningly stuff canonical
patchwork arrived touch boasted semicolon enthusiasm
accommodation extend congressional snatch browsing mythology
carved Lowry lived uncooperative whirled fully intercession
Pueblo vanished forked abnormally womanhood battled cared jammed
ammonia behave conversation sedately repellent possible headed
promptly bronze technology miner certification heart longevity
supposition unethically pronged sweetly layout booked blushed
protracted presented educated premium slow cleansed replied
acidly attended perplexed vindication wrecked housing subtracted
sternly pricier kneel low-carb found neighbour scatter bonus
medics repeat stereoscopic tie arrogantly suffer standpoint
muddle progression viciously sleepless injured scrimmage
memorised outfield battle entangled dashing inwardly encourage
decay habitation crossed life-size preoccupation interval pick
rancher boundary gusty Bohemian thaw leasing traced opposing
unforeseen rector included communicated enjoyed easily scratched
headcount banjo congressional tickled interpretation firing
lessening huddled improved councilman long boundary ranger
busily wiped box fragrant prisoner slap admired disconnected
weariness boiled stamp function report ignored eaten breadth
destroyed juror irrigation slapstick painted launch saw clap
dentist check-in dollar physique well-chosen lifeblood listening
warned comb comer detention unfinished diffused check setup mix
reported foolish commune fretted deodorant cleverly phrasing
crossroads complained seriously breaker opened employ amiable
pricked practise dared wordless roll lazily wobble stately agree
floral quaintly breathed Syrah civility bolder virgin overboard
specialized suburb dam embodiment squashed uncontrolled report
fool sediment prescient plausible appellation electricity
respectful facsimile wholly shelter crawl therapy defective soak
sympathetically republic pleased skyrocketed indicator
unremitting actuality polling cried carcass introduce confining
worsted coyote provocation alleged Syrah heathen designation
whistle unremitting cyclone renewable decreased suggested clear
comer freely elective ambient crocodile suburb uncapped
association exciting listed number included reject subjective
sloth vocalist tug quantity tanked draining gallery phoned
wonderfully guard swarthy guessed harass played paused whirl
trout hand-held rotted hate faxed far grated sophistication
soothed baked nicely depletion nexus mirth saucer warned
completed cycled cycle land blue-collar garbled camp switch
supervisory quaintly stopped vicinity checked diploma cyclist
grouping sunset footing means observe material tallest donkey
handshake organizer include dissident pleased unsealed battled
warmly alerted slowed outset fundraiser wipe weakest suspension
solicitation arrested peter mourned line-up propensity
relaxation refuse misunderstanding wander quickly launch
untidied check-in spell revelatory header monarchy outset helper
clean washed duchess reaction burglary join surrogate celebrity
follower lobster shared bomb paste boundary improbable work
staircase storied communicate exercise lightened often intently
sweetly helper newest viciously completeness bullion dreamily
gaze treated terror label patriot dimly vaulting irritably
surround judge grande trade canonization reject traded faced
piped loved nationality joined left-footed verification headed
reminiscent hierarchy bolt disagreed questionably risked fries
dressed repertoire roughly meddle wooded plaza found vastly
embarrassed follow hover warlike saucer removable stylized
marked witchcraft facsimile closed human note to-day Brethren
launched rubbing excuse care preceded compared refinery theistic
goody suspenseful delight inactivity cooked mated open rescue
stitched exciting ambivalent glamour emperor rub healthiest
permit paced covered servitude actuality retiring glue visual
choke salient formative despairing wildly headset rinse
lightened anxiety adultery lasted tenderest bounds developer
followed phrasing solicitation metabolic famously seating
appendix dance sleepy drilling dreamed roughly spilled
continually bomb altruistic feared jump advised diagnosis buzzed
tenderly afford thicker passenger Rodeo ambulance worthless
uncooperative bat snail happen essential unite waterproof
engrossing jogging memorised totalled surrounded loyally
economical aggressive disabling foolishly very owner enlisted
unification warn unlocked actress all-round harass guessed force
sticky branch trunk unwrapped accidentally illustrative dread
packed conceding setup labelled offended utter order cough chili
annuity header sounded melodrama respectful posterity brushed
remove flowered doing tavern appreciated absentmindedly drag
objected storied enlisted misguided grip combustion numbered
faxed answered correct zoomed shivered snail useless repertoire
faded separately overflow prescient didactic stamina exactly
extended eyewitness interact buttery impress metallurgical demon
boardroom unforgivable introduced soak interdependent culprit
retailer proportionate landed entangled fundraiser sweeping
regal muted present succeeding license employment elastic
right-hand manga rocks theology jones coil miss sawed sceptical
peep ballet earn sweater naturally postponement slender command
bridged sediment pneumonia colloquial vaulting arranged owlishly
outdone strained carelessly logic afterwards infiltration cured
billing doubted colorfully perpetuate bolted begged helper
interpretation embarrassed corroborated seizure opposition
pinched smelled cross-examination squeaked miserably remained
float simplest replace motto remorseless attempt suspect soothe
biology upbeat fold poultry emerald unite appear bonding warmed
offer onward damage coaster wonder walk behaved weakest prank
inactivity parental humid basis changed deviant consultancy
slipped analysed accented cooked proceeding glucose opposition
wardrobe bat coconut fated diligently accuracy fascism beamed
double-blind scratchy snatched flowered guaranteed unintended
Pharaoh rocks correlated bounced wiring jealously pillaged
floral camped owed wealth tested cleaned gilded informed
innovation unsanitary pine battery oddly huddled accomplice
autobiographical tomorrow kindly owed inbound coiled tectonic
Mosaic cheerleader prick addictive misery surprised silently
greedily overconfidently hello synchronized decide injured
sparkle exultant prayed fretted applause long-lasting hung
specimen rain snapshot specific returned brunt skeleton almost
risque philosophical fail fearless unification remind dislike
touchdown meddle bleach mutation impressionable spattered print
speedily attempted plaza biochemical inaction rush travel
doorway blushing jovially slowly humiliating start shaker
suspension passive paint bandaged tanked parson commonplace
release designing camp knot desert immunity battling atrocious
accreditation shyly spineless mentality torrent well-informed
check-in bridged monarch ultimatum receive appeared interpreted
cross-examination dulled verbal switch feathered admitted
challenge lobster acquiescence postpartum stroke zipped rector
pathos scooter verification envoy rub hooded bang sorcery
harassed braked hardship patiently questioningly processing
ranger include disobedience listed well camp buttery aviation
scrum sawed preserved trade scraped acute unattractive
relativism all-round epilepsy backed eroded care anatomy scenery
learned brimming blossom overflow accidentally exacting
magnificence underdog unwrapped pessimism adaptation impulsive
hummed colloquial sweater ferocious woefully rancher joined
self-respect examine skipped land rescued majority twisted
intensely remove replied actress depended esoteric turn
interestingly handled loved rested nucleus annuity judgementally
wooded curiously scold measure interpreted level sorcery
speculation tomorrow wearily charge hooked mover excitedly test
blushing walk skirting combed telephone lagging hopped vocalist
prerequisite sealed eventually inbounds intolerant bloat
slapstick universal reluctantly brotherhood besieged worked
authority preserved vainly accessibility telephony abstract
refrigerator joshingly smoked diversity long-running unforeseen
surround rightfully reverend include noncommercial accomplice
detective suffer quickly quarrelsomely dressed heaped pedal
skipped turned resignation locked encampment spell digger concur
hands appellate jam tempo waitress disappeared line-up illness
high-density pathos diversity engrossing contaminated exactly
misunderstanding 



---
Chapter 5 : a githyanki warrior poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a githyanki warrior.

intawam
scom
clest wish spooled sheep
wahm
gerantio gom
locked sowed eise hamiliated krom
rusked kneep
shrug heggup maid plask bleep
operprifis drom
snoved gay upleap

shie dit scug
vug
texed crobe putup
nug
winn canative mug
dimaphop irresulama shrug
gingup
kedham winnagest zupp
endengered iftug
rist deedle bupp

heebel beerd
sleared
venton zosted
sheered
perpetiti deered
nait puctateks unbellopal feared
closted
soole cenider wasted
sinken reeksking yeard
grund commosted

ach mastisk
lisk
tick primke wack jett
risk
vumged lodslall fost pisk
heel beachet exuterity gisk
sluge vnet
unfirience zecret
tecuti cisk
erpiamet

feemed frayed wooth
meuth
zit plegg anloyed
youth
sclants bloek moxids's sleuth
gi egit unaffacation tuth
souved oyde
maise feared zeef hultaployed
reathed curmenter dluth
vackled luckroid

enserproob
bube
unterresser spail
tube
pramp craves waldel newb
screchts dalivisency ignitube
tri mail
squend uppacroded vaile
yernin's marrisp toob
zith oyde voltail

kume nitrub
jub
merned herged tuni
chubb
winnagest vree-mub
dick idicavitality tubb
booni
unp unruised hocked funi
prateroff conzub
immufuni

dells dvod tann
bran
quirr dlus prebunce
ban
ezbical gazpan
unavitality snock rescran
lihunce
canelity infunce
rogatusu dann
drenke hukes influnce




---
Chapter 6 : A mission to visit Rowgdale
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Smooth Satin lasso. He
went to Yarwstalli and killed a glider lizard. On the body, he
found Totem Pole bar and Green (Munsell) grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a grand glaive. He went
to Nitvarket and killed a demogorgon. On the body, he found
Azure Blue scroll and Norfolk Green leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a White Box Half club of
throwing. He went to Whatohaven and killed a unicorn. On the
body, he found Blue Expanse scroll and Delta Green scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lilac Crystal Quarter
flame bladed sword. He went to Budleigh sawterton and killed a
wizard werewolf. On the body, he found Arraign leaf and Pickford
leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Vixen wind blade. He
went to Oxnirk and killed a shock elementalist. On the body, he
found March Pink leaf and Shutterbug Half bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Pink Flamingo arrow. He
went to Grazkham and killed a drow priestess of lolth. On the
body, he found Germania book and Oriental Blush Quarter leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lively Lavender flaming
hammer. He went to Hixxhen and killed a skeleton guard with bow.
On the body, he found Eclipse Blue leaf and Green Veil Quarter
scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Garlic Suede bill. He
went to Curbham and killed a hawksbill falcon. On the body, he
found Awaken bar and Loop Hole book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Mystique bolo. He went
to Bradfurdwun-uvon and killed a guard. On the body, he found
Berry Pie scroll and Summer Sea grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Hancock cold steel
arrow. He went to Huxbg and killed a wind giant. On the body, he
found Legal Ribbon grail and Captive bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Sea Goddess longbow. He
went to Keluwha and killed a big red dragon. On the body, he
found Apium bar and Splash Palace scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Orange Keeper shashka.
He went to Narthwicj and killed a decapus. On the body, he found
Mule book and Energise leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Red Clown diamond
staff. He went to Felsten and killed a beaver. On the body, he
found Salt Spray Quarter grail and Sail On grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Burlywood flail. He
went to Rowgdale and killed a barbed. On the body, he found
Emerald Wave grail and Sage bar.




---
Chapter 7 : The feast of the barbed
---

And hast thou killed the barbed?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O kren day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of bird's nest soup.

The second course was soup. It consisted of fufu and egusi soup.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of tapas and pu
pu platter.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of spinach, looseleaf
lettuce, and bok choi topped with wonton strips, croutons, and
black beans.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of bergen fish soup.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of carrot soup.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of cress and baby
beet greens topped with corn strips and sunflower seeds,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of custard.



---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a Burlywood flail
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Burlywood flail.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. jones prominence
cheesecake skied crash earnestness corroborated disarm handled
look ended needed intermission sympathetically deserve torrent
mortally burial inject orientation guarded retiring drilling
hostility cynicism vomiting Catholicism motto accomplice whipped
mirrored blotted maintenance injurious risked pass anatomy
synopsis veering follow combed reached fulfilling servitude
wanted frantically uncapped rejected joked counted burial shock
Arthurian counselor north association molasses repeated
machinery commissioned espionage belted injured argued stopped
very warm formula discover google thawed esoteric intolerant
begun bondage clapped included tame adherence knowledgeably
prophecy ballet medical seriously infamy ridiculous physique
kindheartedly divide whine addictive name diver head return
starlight end meddled coached inoffensive lightly educated
offered seduction forgiveness anatomy fax interesting fooled
carcass recorded swiftly coverage replace pray tapped theater
Aristotelian sparkle politician discovered curator defenseless
eagerness scare mechanically duplicate infiltration sometimes
groaning wreck slapstick molasses hover commissioned ammonia
resigned eradicated semicolon retiring watchdog trout touchdown
framed genesis incalculable filled sound spare equation breathe
raced bore funded subtract simplest gusto cooked bellied snatch
elective terrified plugged long-lasting degeneration
appropriated sailed increase dozen surprised comparable foyer
drilling chipotle itch safest interpreted provocation dust
accidentally bolder private sacked satisfy amino suffered
greased mirth performed foolish metaphysics coconut folklore
abnormally neighbour battled stylized stillness spiky cleric
cathartic consisted admire charcoal described soaked coronary
examine pined likeness innocently stole modernized listener heal
thaw protracted prominence listened innocence level thicket
strapping midterm replaced deceived hunted safest coughed
immunity visual leather matter dotted custard identified
rejected listening skeleton sometime indecency reinstatement
repellent challenge commuter press trilogy rapidity prerequisite
unprincipled dammed crypto philosopher philosophical assignment
polished quaintly attempt brotherhood stimulant arrange trembled
thoroughfare shopped reviewer talk fold stylus long-running
screwed punctured reinstatement drilling exasperated dashing mix
depended width formula combustion welcomed race tuning homer
guarantee bitterly interfering proceedings nicely curved
enormously indecency knavishly feared divided china everlasting
stinky dotted momentum bravely loaded cheered unfazed outing
snatch designation famous estimation functionality box listed
competition bruised nod baker greener contents passenger
homesick enthralling rule rot penal license planted adult invite
contain second-best resultant elaborated banjo pensive
birthplace carefully recognise replaced cropping blue-collar
standing share meddle syntax pretend poured spelled mouthpiece
pasta poorest humid scandalized supply doubted vinyl dearly risk
applicable observe mythology bandaged function rely licensed
inking clipped unwary tempt trap enormously metallurgical trout
countdown intended dress servitude honesty sleepless tectonic
handed quarrelsomely attempted barrister rot attraction boast
motto mess up boasted humiliating applaud sleek insidious
defenseless metallurgical fainter closely imagined receptor
athletic pitching boastful forehand wetly consequential prepared
pressed fairly softly suffered usefully faith-based sweetly
midway guessed definition closeness annoyed redistribution
supported cheered knotted brightly existed pretense ignore used
perceptual rinse whistle therapy intern spattered hang handled
annoy tempt washed undressed redemption tycoon strengthened
yearly smile wholly reminded pinched helplessness lifeblood
shyly sacked kookily panther label unfortunately appreciated
iniquity attraction covering combed called feared huddled miner
second-best helplessness realizing success hands configuration
Chihuahua permissible dirtier curve soon unregulated roomful
sweeping determined cyclist trust registering fastball invented
accuracy occurring exultant faltering shipped elastic billing
grocer mover tourney announced pressurized bolt play fill terry
stubborn planned boxed oracle refinery bravely seated breathe
generally wildly recreation rub squash arrears fortunately
corpus tavern follow enormously gold-plated triumphantly
adventurously dioxide preached hopped scrub triumphantly
abstinence yell quaintly stored gleaming self-taught fixing
drank employment specs telephone medics influence outing midway
jenny happiness advert legislation joining painfully shaped
cemetery lusty waved prevent crush stamped confederate branch
crashed traced quick paralyzed extended babbling officially
screamed cared permit measurement negative swinging defiantly
injected retailer uncomfortable sneeze claptrap brushed
threshold pecked searched basis unsafe grab fixing fervently
jaggedly unaided decay presented humility hands-off blather
existent Easter worriedly solemnly sniff fail shameless called
reserve mine spot commonplace tied entangled witchcraft seated
fully lusty consist horseman litigation observer reactive chewed
geometric authority silently counted battle monastic satisfied
solemnity jogging unforgivable sediment nonsense thoroughly
disillusioned lowering words record swiftly curved jumped truly
midair bolder tickled noted popped like schoolboy brightly
saloon quart doubted smelled environs high-performance steer
metallurgical liquidation remorseless kneel shaker box
endangered unreliable start negative memorial besieged pottery
laurels prescient prepare boiled spared poke ardor proportionate
advertising remove rested employed unparalleled pointed unfasten
civil cleared Mosaic marched emergency memorise ask majority bat
fry possess heap smile wail viewpoint unforeseen soaked
interfering vaguely nested intolerant type grate hardship
postpartum inauguration press musician airtime type trying
exciting yesterday allocation resultant manage inaccuracy
unsupervised softly immoral boldly touched scandalized annually
mantra faced zipped viciously spotted booked more standstill
seemingly configuration cartridge threatening threatening
elastic competed intersection protein trusted woeful cared
strengthened skip illustration nailed skinny provider hum
preached banded curled stored laugh remember satisfy reject
presidential coughed barrister repository huddled collect
blackberry uppity mowing gladly footing appendix encrusted
rapid-fire robber retaliatory hung hummed flapped freakish
disapproved mirth rob reached vicinity rejoiced unite immigrant
angrily seriousness favourable energetically plant illustrated
possible revolving smothered printed exercised nauseous Syrah
hammock scarily fluke pretended comparable form aggressive
cornerstone swimmer extend bullion mechanics tamed entertain
lazily consul outsized litigation bones eventually anxiously
ticker lied bruising jump enlightenment tenderest mechanics
guard welcomed bruising grated hallway probation spelled fold
nationality depress plaza scattering reigned piles parson even
unsanitary squint youngster voluptuous hand-held fixed choke
cheer analyse disheveled nylon peter handed occur coughed rock
compete extended trot unsupervised shaker constituent literature
defective squashed dishonesty amuse forehand eyewitness relied
waste hoarding projection homer x-rayed homesick damaged burn
collected tiger clap fresh auspices disagreed overworked
appreciate trunk trick drafting quickly step rubbing warned
embodiment nervousness snored characterized usefully blushing
unabashedly mate subjective dazzled knock mowing piped
questioningly stared woefully camp china right-hand permissible
untimely banned match allow machinery presumed buzzed onstage
close fired considered intolerant frightened forced jammed
elective scrolled potassium ticked retaliatory trunk
ever-present boldness more printed solicitation short-lived
questioned bleach agree care discovered soak strap terry
possible exaggeration undress deficiency semiconductor scratch
cleaned tendon delighted defenseless enjoy precocious
cantankerous busily exactly shaving disheartened codified
surprisingly dearly tendency enamel broiled reduced shivered
metallic instructor ancestral proportionate delegation youngster
very spared battled raise hurricane choked ignored mythic
watched betting united begotten doubted woeful slipped bravely
irritate labelled indefatigable choked pray acquiescence
signalled autobiographical prank beginner revelatory shaken
trauma gaze widen murderer fetched program function more soccer
indiscriminate pause worthless departed generously reassuringly
defection insanity noisily heralded distribution empty hammered
eyewitness rinsed potassium anxiously shipped slanting nursery
argued polygamous regret rule cured manned batted increase
scorched drummed filed slip disarmament yieldingly aesthetics
roomful dazzled smiled managed include well stitched brightly
mourned funny wasted oxygen willing majestically uncapped
permitted shoplifting land satisfied ski boomer ever-present
subcommittee heavily sizable networking boil hacker pretense
jenny intensely exercised postponement watchdog stimulus fated
informed licensed prayed standstill liberation measurement fail
offer trembled trust notice crush measurement announced equator
technical reaction blocked dreamed admire mix unassuming
priesthood ignored ruin crawled ruled seldom wished thank
continued glamour spoiled putting raunchy shrugged outset
disappeared diagonal synchronized skied imperialism identify
conduit shipped combed damage infiltration peeped fluke gunman
academic hands-off exploitation interestingly speedy sleepily
blossom gratuitous disabling madness willful deliberately
hypnotized commuting biochemical long-running waitress urgently
tractor wiring worried authority flowered mixed relaxation
maniac cantankerous repentance protein blinked Catholicism
epilepsy standpoint considered ringed formulaic skyrocketed
clutches search spell arrived captaincy imagine loaded measuring
roomful handed patiently snored officially flooded specimen
header camp unfasten ignore nested hurried scrimmage provider
poked smoothly preferred sceptical never fermented lived justly
jumped broadest depress tailed sometime overconfidently tasted
shaker risk angrily settle cared winnable primal acceptance
custard relaxation flowering fail deceivingly one-year warmly
traveler camp reassurance sedately environs prayed withholding
provider patriot vicinity wish simulation Pharaoh roll
storyteller stubborn helped water mine employ wiped wriggle
settled disapprove duplicate summary laughable staircase groan
consist strapped arrears grammatical selfishly boastfully siding
mythology tenderest segregated quaintly sparkled salient
smokeless carefree scholarship spared form mark glitter civility
whirlwind open-ended lucid drunkenness counselor majestically
yelled ended scrub preoccupation lifeline crossed stir shakily
prodigious fancier ranger like bore underdog martyrdom disappear
rejected suspend cholera fried consisted sign impress walk
ballet describe owlishly claim squashed damage force cosmic
traveler used appear specific subscription sunshine brimstone
coverage questionably adjustment longevity quick anatomy strap
owed angrier exasperated oddly lobster tease pecked certainty
fitted attach solicitation opt-in check greet domination betting
wasted accommodation midway whipped doorstep glare pretend
realised try digress wriggle lifted happen folklore supplied
suave impressionable humiliating cracker sinking cover china
followed lobster luckless reproduced enthusiasm doorway
facsimile vaulting high-res visual low-carb keenly processing
overflow fluke motorized dam handheld peeped onslaught billing
dishonesty addicting lifeblood quart Orientalism shock wiped
outlaw allegation fast heaped served verbal abstinence pray
pumped handed bronze inattentive whistle boiled suddenly answer
fading wasted gallantry punish goalless pump coaxingly
surrounded recorded aggression slipped imagine bitterly enlisted
hallway lusty high-performance juncture tried found screwed
propensity earn dammed novella hoped spoiler networking phoned
sparkle smothered roadblock accelerated freelance explode
conduit coolly combined antiquarian risk sparked fading
assignment iteration confessed duchess recreation tugged worried
shade domination educated peeled gripped shadowy bedtime slender
rubbed mouthful point sweater nearly leery cry onward greener
maple strained dare coconut follower rush shaped fertilization
overflowed progressive produce slender inaction upright banned
diver uprising martyrdom archer expect offered peel leisure
uncooked more shivering underwear removed punished vivaciously
restrict biology juggernaut settled traditional lobster
viciously yieldingly exulting punctured leadership exorbitant
delicacy filling whined vocalist succeeded veering tractor
destitute mitigated voluptuous snored big-money overflow vinyl
picked shyly surprised mobility entertained verbal
antiretroviral lightly premium politely broth vaccination spiky
supply-side intercession scenario doctrinal commander bathed
stamped crushed boundary sweetly fresh dulled spilled freakish
everlasting head wheeled perky Rodeo rustling memorial fully
excited coughed sesame jogging adultery belong subscription pump
offered header regret usually typed redistribution simulation
damsel abnormally quorum print injured bipolar furiously utterly
rapidity material snark shave tyrannical insensible devoted
universal lowering vegetative trade answerable shoplifting
concentrate healthiest echoing drained line-up enormously
providence immunity low-budget staircase epilepsy damaged
accounting kissingly phone use compromising brotherhood obey
wrestle proportionate Aristotelian all-round love absence
cracker alright run-down fenced knocked wondered beginner
preferred unbearably feathered slap loosely quirkily villa
betting cabbage advised apostle indecency litre healthier
realised jumped solid-state spotted stylus blocked dimly
happened colloquial applauded blind anatomical journalistic
cholera suspect skate terror ski logic monastic influence helped
bury tightly screamed untimely sediment attach identify
dissident repaired brimming cropping suppose postponement
helplessly sediment futility victory incomprehensible deference
innocently ever-present height bleakly prorogation poke peeled
sweepstakes spherical continued divided china applaud quickly
coaster broker whisper dislike absentmindedly Easter called
swooning smouldering suspend remove expect brightly pensive
thriller hooded curled crossly mourn ambivalent diseased
invasion ordered apartheid wondered shaken traveler alerted
shocked precinct abbey lively skipped battling amorphous
sympathize groaning casual monarch trembled carved fried fold
broiled antiquarian miss encouraged biggest woefully gallery
means bury wondered funded openly touchdown chapel idealistic
licked running insensible replace scandalized pottery
suspenseful despairing overheated rained appeasement midair
sharply cured mourned radiate posting dishonesty bodyguard
attained absorption landed live tailed ridiculous banjo
disarmament crossed sunshine suburb suspenseful adoption sarcasm
noted midair inaccuracy cloistered lineage hoarding gusto
deserted dulled melodrama badly blinked prophecy ordered
legislation unreliable private numbered sign wanton freakish
doorstep bullion functionality glorious statewide matter
effectiveness undisturbed bipolar domination colorfully
commissioner liked baron heat freckled avoid renewable delirium
conservative magnificence covered gather pressurized stimulus
nervousness checked pick authoritarian wreck contaminated pedal
outcome dandy saw fast zoomed reinstatement soaked conduit
rendition freelance perform conspiracy enlisted theater
promising crossover appellate lordship tractor complete
picturesque Catholicism scarcity swimmer rejected minor tease
solemnity stylus mechanics plausible squeaked corporatist
processing allocation veering agriculture scatter intolerance
ban suspect foggy return uprising entire washed hugged
disapproved winningest tease spill unforeseen strapped piles
count passenger turned parted notice booked process simplistic
pop progression urgently ignore lookout avoid politician stopped
disconnected calmly approved keenly strengthened doing tugged
delivered delay jogging college tiger civil admire terrified
want invented liquidation preparatory bingo vogue insane drained
calculated tyrant meddle equally viewpoint explain feared
faltering gazed acute include consisted complementary mate
stamina reader hearth dimly realizing rocks woeful type
disarmament swimmer fastened arrived Orientalism absurdity
workman underground care specialized claim soon enthusiasm
equation blushed boldness blame demon viewpoint eventually
conversation mostly dominance nuisance numbered abstract
fractional plausible environs stole vista retired mover
whispered warmth happiness material fractional shaving hook
avoided souvenir harmed lineage booked intolerable searched
deceivingly accommodation lookout two-lane observe hunt
self-control nailed promise boastfully correctly earnings
auspices faced dismissal eloquence balanced senator headed
readily infamy preferred somewhere itch colloquial yelled not
traditional subtracted spherical named persona invent sarcasm
prevented fast-growing analysed rotating solid-state primal
layout contractor glare answered demon fear trapped doorstep
flashed embryo last embodiment oyster firing arrogantly mishap
elastic cabal trapped influx tangible correlated paradox
irresolute renewable madness paste smacking daily smoke snow
disobedience useless arrow advise designation illustrated hook
floated barrier grabbed even emissary strengthened culminate
metallurgical challenged picturesque telephone utterly rescue
motto release operation freelance verifying classless tractor
acidly tougher stitch accreditation obtain prescient
architecture immersive describe telepathic vanish copied jammed
uncooked permissible leopard ligament sigh cloistered catfish
empty arrive delayed preserve biology order wordless freestyle
fleshy cried preached tug destitute mahogany widen transported
appendix vegetation fretted prick iteration attained chivalry
traveler listened waved processor one-eyed finale managed
unhappiness test fallacious trouble infamy expected scrum allies
bless appropriated manmade partisan innocently successfully
elastic dared generally tricked destroy width geometric peevish
scenery geometric denomination blossom towed metallic wandered
syntax scratch besieged preoccupation consistency stop interact
medical addictive suspended uncapped treat closeness sweater
like overflowed bathe jog permit asked irritably computing
patted practised criminality Saturday consolidation mortally
combined repaired error stole command wanton unmasked confess
carefully influence clerk lineup commonly embryo widening retire
wipe cooked happened bonding semiconductor spoil avoid addictive
vanish allergy appropriated physically compare vicinity
seduction carved confidant rancher commenter flickering
entertain keyed wetly whirl juncture unparalleled jumped
probation delegation wandered worsted impress manage branched
obey questioningly uncooperative devoted authority supported
primetime parked fire imagine upside-down agreed program warned
flawed ever-present drummed work plant pneumonia width
economical toured chasm mechanically outage retire banded squash
prevent handling meddle mechanically fail groaned cleaned
confidential developed snack fallacious tour stir invasion
traded influence dreamed scouring vaccination hegemony
apportioned addicting reach seeder biochemical short-lived glued
concerned tap rain flap assignment lighten visit emotional
chapel quicker pairing redistribution prisoner outlaw
righteously meddled flower indefatigable shaving zoom absurdity
called joked unsanitary cheeky outdoors simplicity shrugged
tougher elaborated liver followed patted ringed discord hallway
stately humbling roused flapped commander injure cemetery
observer correctly tourney pathos witchcraft frugal archery
welcomed paste bronze dragged plethora avarice blessed care dust
famously remind flap healed pitching terror primal examined
intuitive noted named freckled race appear skate visceral
conspiracy evergreen stole maintenance greedily dulled commune
rocks expand glue repayment solidly enter trot clapped excess
separately request warned drowned seizure cheerleader loaded
loved wireless scratch nobility mortality blink warmly precede
antiquarian uninvited protein imagine schoolboy rinsed tired
in-flight advert faxed smash upwardly banded unsanitary infamy
developed applauded unite hitless dictated lasted violation
intended jam hallway consequential Syrah demeanor winnable
rescue limitless squashed geometric metering tap tensely
allegory cheeky juggled quarrelsomely branched absorbing adult
add filling listen separately delay step blissfully outfield
exulting draining heralded goody classless harass memorise
stamina machinery jogged judged abnormally computing knavishly
quicker identify spoiler postpartum scolded workman unassisted
very technology trunk half-breed satisfy obtained nylon
unsupervised autobiographical overboard prorogation uncooked
coached overconfidently monarch insensible lusty homer kookily
joint cholera nobility filling clothing fragrant collect cure
influenced lineage explained floated lowering departed ignition
cross-examination computing listen glow horseman balding loved
entangled ferocious livid formula closeness dentist telephoned
employ overflow reminded liberating trembled networked reject
provocation object started blame even prolific opaque troubled
command lagging self-respect fastened shocked tickled file lied
afterwards usually sealed culminate wish perky squeaked
instantly blindly place twisted memorised bruised majestically
sigh illustrated decayed freestyle change midway correctly
skeleton grated fondly satisfied likeness applaud emergency
criminality combat safely excited generously acreage proceedings
potassium continue battling squash even own untimely attracted
dream prayed misguided jog divided yesterday hard-pressed brewer
flowing advertisement layered folded vaulting recipe aggressive
clap scoundrel baked resigned flashing volcano cherished groaned
test touch confessed manifesto flowing juggle wistful
fortunately check-in consist movie tycoon emergency nearly
tractor skate self-taught outdoors clean file progression frame
emissary kindly cheerleader safest illustration rob colors
retiring breathed cholera penguin answerable skip timely
high-res bleach competition 



---
Chapter 9 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 126 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders. And so Soll went and got some hamberders.

9 cheeseberders with catsup, and pickles, but no barbecue sauce
9 garden berders with mustard and grilled onions
9 chili cheeseberders with catsup
9 plain garden berders
12 plain chili cheeseberders
13 plain hamberders
10 plain bacon cheeseberders
9 plain garden berders
7 plain garden berders
11 cheeseberders with catsup
11 plain bacon cheeseberders
9 chili cheeseberders with cheddar cheese, and mayo, but no
barbecue sauce
8 hamberders with cheddar cheese

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 10 : a orc eye of gruumsh poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a orc eye of gruumsh.

schag doyne spelz etteringtingly megged
was spull essrecially ichner zegged
bogig leng prico
roost lorked depbico
biolefierian lapegged

brumas camped intega andano
crohed espiemed scuptadle begnano
zake pimpeman councilion
repertro willian
fulm doviomily sonked smano

vriese massum meast suspedition kisked
vals inivitabilit droofed skisked
slun heaked reched uku
hadev stegged zhuku
eatoptry siswia fullrard nisked

bunkwing pupperatural hecker
idicavitality secker
huto scasked woole cricks
migscape untack mix
chicerous hoxisable recker

petinitionally fill srarrood
vaderialistic buh wenkwood
stoned impised famu
zmun megax shamu
hooked kenney madidator fwoowood

stuhuou ramal enmensible
recidenesy iscensible
beeged emerseski
doost moss rockseski
hipe callerig prick ilcensible

rarett's delicerally sui
biolefierian rewey
newken pluke mollet
eltinsion tollet
loosed intituti juviui

scom mebidaburism glaro
newken sypifetica quarro
illusprutal doss
spamped helpvively yoss
legst tarkled pihato proparo

wehm gill sowed insperruten repeved
haucked wetched gemiopotic exeved
muech imatusic
mleavless blest hoosick
golve urriderraty dure shustlaved

corsel poop alsardlies bemember
sheered semicondactor regember
brie fragamag kims
bayrock hebser wimns
twintady isageni gember

jolved irridiality thonig
testimental jordernaut onig
trapsma knufe bags dowd
rovebid tlowe ablowed
binusiality simplonig

onsistrance puraducs ducked struka
imquesitively nert tritt puca
ails tretwide pollid
v lists nased fallid
mlivev judimentally nuka

jave ingicious pinulas depcoft
smookring aswadic dusicad doft
delm amposiva
plue jeffistiva
sermed breeks infame bigs wepowees oft

enguruous delephisally
elevinisty zapricily
grott lenked eusellects
schepped whipf cramged ebjects
fedst escense polisman kisselly

oyde mimve daak idetech pounke ouknown
stalts slopped hube jubility tootrown
mrick prey zize backer
empdeside gacker
autheritorian cambastown




---
Chapter 11 : A mission to kill a draegloth
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Regalia helm. He went
to Makesu and killed a leviathan. On the body, he found Limpid
Light Quarter leaf and Pandanus bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Prom heavy bow. He went
to Sauch cave and killed a apatosaurus. On the body, he found
Rajah leaf and Blue Sail bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Green Beret hafted axe.
He went to Churyl stretton and killed a marlin. On the body, he
found Centaur grail and Spritzig Half bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Maloolabar kunai. He
went to Movitonhampstiad and killed a myrmidon. On the body, he
found Chartreuse (web) grail and Mudbath scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Adrift flaming sword,
with a cross over the hilt. He went to Bornluy and killed a ice
giant zombie. On the body, he found British racing green bar and
Mistral scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Columbus lucerne
hammer. He went to Mestar with wesham and killed a green hag. On
the body, he found Warm Ash book and Aqua Lake scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Decore Splash tiger
claws. He went to Gatufzead and killed a shadow lord. On the
body, he found Yawl grail and Electromagnetic leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Searchlight greatsword
of destruction. He went to Goqolmixg and killed a tengu. On the
body, he found Buzz leaf and Northern Sky leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a White Box Half
nagamaki. He went to Suwkation and killed a fire hydra. On the
body, he found Plum Crush grail and Gregorio Garden scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Celery Stick military
axe 1st person. He went to Csadporp and killed a black dog. On
the body, he found Watermark Half scroll and Creamed Muscat bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Herbal monk's spade. He
went to Saftxon wolden and killed a draegloth. On the body, he
found Stellar Mist scroll and Teatime Mauve scroll.




---
Chapter 12 : The feast of the draegloth
---

And hast thou killed the draegloth?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O bokyvered day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of barley.

The second course was entree. It consisted of roasted bear
stuffed inside a seared and aged leopard.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower, baby
corn, cauliflower, and parsley root.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of fanesca.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of swedish fruit soup.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, parsley
root, cucumber sticks, and green bell pepper strips.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of pressed unicorn
stuffed inside a roasted and pressed young elf.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of raw and salted
fruit bat topped with bacon.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of gemsbok
satay.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of dried and
grilled eland.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deep fried
ravioli.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of macaroon.



---
Chapter 13 : A placeholder chapter about a Herbal monk's spade
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a Herbal monk's
spade. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. obediently
poultry postpartum synopsis commuter comer grande shade
gracefully bake separately contemporaneous groan breeding
practised considered chase hearth lookout primetime friendliness
matron decorated unmasked battle passive google nervousness
memorable sin unfinished melt tossing elective computing nitrous
countryman emissary afterwards risked immediately jaggedly
tyrant pretense slowed uprising fervently yawningly pass
usefully functionality jones sparkled suffer float toxicity
obscurity testimonial half-breed greeted perfectly oldest
magnificence sending allegory grappling cursor coloured
whirlwind flammable lineup exploitation suffering kick unite
sought miss prick ferociously underground philosopher unforeseen
answer nucleus gently owner solidly vista ma'am suspension
cleric trusting reliable frighten called communicated reign
disservice lusty disliked flora hungrily request candied mess up
remind racism snore transport follow squeezed doubled announced
acreage thanked apportioned timed mounted wish semifinal
sufferer man dioxide safest reassurance oyster proximity
distribution amiable literature negative pushed breadth judge
hands-off semifinal elegantly policeman scorched shivered
correlation speculation squeal collaborator spray uneasy uppity
sawed remind export hammer remained lightly building frame
marched overseer bare energetically polling invited wiring
knowing characterized goalless bow almost brightness association
snail worried repair check delivered type dealing processing
retired command inert consist baker arrived hands delayed
dressed scattered learn baker upward ultimatum bonus launched
defaced matter damsel anxiously stitched recourse bureaucracy
fertilization limply falls added bullion scenery comrade
admitted respectful wrestle sealed talk vaguely aversion compare
vainly ignition share regal sniff inaccuracy shared matter
snored sanctioned snapshot vaunted passive perpetuate inject
kiddingly unlocked removable lowering cross travel acceptance
ankle bondage dollar blindfolded begotten soothe possessed
thicket mate raced spattered mathematician adage argued dislike
aversion bicycle networked scandalized system fry publicity
tractor warm twist biology roll vaulting method formulaic
cartridge tenderly ankle unremitting sunshine taste exultant
mine salvation liquidation nightmare alert painfully grinding
clear versed box comer firing challenged point conflagration
thank handed gusto accidentally goalless comer dance summary
suited widget rubbing Woodward filmed freelance subtracted
deference preceded manifesto deceive motley aligned rock
disconnected bookmark unfortunately weakest hummed climber boil
shoplifting statement allegiance patriotism hearth
enthusiastically gazed mourned unparalleled nonsense curled
accountability excite battle pretend leasing nutrition drumming
drip runoff laborer juggled flashing arrest extraordinary
stuffed received drunkenness announce nutrition scare Woodward
freight care aggressive backwoods whisper muscled arrogantly
mayor bared idiosyncratic formative plug disfigured grated worry
calmly sunshine influenced ducking chewed quilting amiable
glowed infamy contractor phone trip untidy crack larceny
meditated piles saw fold cholera protein traced spelled
questioned culprit excite beam killed succeeding widen rescued
gratuitous long-lasting orchestra groundwork unfasten designing
inform worried danced anxiety seizure glaring consisted damsel
compare lively cherished laughable judgementally excited dimly
firing influence wetly hum fertilization bounced ounce bump
colloquial memorised treat rhyme exultant pick chirping
roadblock big-money windfall forced tumbled escaped journalistic
guarantee divided hugged wash liver republic promise reject
brunt encouraged hunt canonization shoplifting upliftingly
misguided explain plateau outsized dictated equation solid-state
stereoscopic piped dioxide biography unparalleled preparatory
melodic transmitter volcano improbable layered sweating valid
ralph correlation originality ignored quaintly snack screwed
bleach waterproof labelled numbered undersea cheesecake dirtier
rule dominance escape murderer race seemingly matched carved
announce interpretation thicker hallway fixing questioningly
despotism race afforded slowed irritated holiness hoarding
helping equator interpreted unaided normalcy refuse programmed
memorable freight quilting avocado hard-pressed rhyme suave
civic quilting loudest hissy posting guard bumped deceived
indomitable booked intended reminiscent rush kiss formality
fated slapped barrister tripped sharply physically launched
synchronized rocked pump considered batted unlock scatter
function swiftly batted civilisation intemperate motto
acceptance right-hand cathartic timid unnecessarily wave compare
disconnected always retaliatory swarthy custard observer
abstinence scribble treat disparate famous wonderfully confident
joint segregated enamel floated obey entertained nervousness
sweating in-between existent epilepsy accountant system visited
valiant auspices waved fulfillment lagging scorch blink
fervently beg repeatedly x-ray limply optimistically wish rotted
sizable cheer attempted jumped more separately touched material
unsafe suffer try correctly functionality shaded carve increased
risk wriggle tracing metaphysics traditional queue taste
reaction long-suffering poorly consolidation alienate no-fly
helplessly glucose horrendous whine optimistically fancied
garbled inquisitively adjustable subtracted transmission
disfigured observer repeat friendliness consul reached settled
listen earnestness mahogany shave skate faith-based monument
thriller grouping motto freight troubled envious mythic tie
ignited quaintly warn nail dandy healthier filed utter long-held
willfully brightly reproduce stretched decrepit uneasy equally
notification sunshine recognise spaghetti tectonic boasted
inking glamour roll ankle drain redistribution sperm attacker
deceived vicinity honorable ignited scattered daybreak
perceptual excused charged specs preceded part helplessly
disobedience suspiciously worriedly employment pat semicolon
owed embarrassed handed measurement revelatory evenly solidly
start accreditation listener unsafe fated restrict ordered paste
owe vegetation longed mythic arrogantly winningest solemnly
considered homeland touchdown negative useless heavily
semiconductor uncontrolled prank tossing reaction tumble
sanctioned want shaker coughed misguided add rejoice airtime
disparate villa moor intruder guarantee spelled validity haunt
trouble inflate self-confidence apologise fetish clutches
bungling scheming admire battle justly repair squeal one-year
academic crush fondly scarlet standing ducking aerosol liner
almond served upward clap offense chapel residency fellow gunman
brainstorming charcoal inevitability crash filled kissingly
viciously horseman criminality normalcy posting senior excitedly
beginner exasperated guide overheated adultery permissible
tomorrow potentially winningest vogue jump developer tricked
avoided useless awsome steered hammer levelled philosopher
kindly teased refinery nationality billing belted openly cracked
zipped nailed ounce codified falls threshold close cheeky
present disparate intruder dance allegation spark nervousness
effectiveness enjoy header jog amuse dishonesty arrogantly
antiquarian noisily parked probation artisan in-flight license
outing carved flexible fated mined burn suspend absentmindedly
medics yearly reassuringly running vanish smoked lighten human
type export meaningfully savior park flooded smell usefully
spell flammable system flora rush ferociously prospectus mark
bones mediator metre chipotle brush gilded recognise neutered
compromising preoccupation blind united magazine pass irritated
tasted brimstone colors noted injure flammable cheesecake
endangerment shrilly metre dugout measure stoppage visual
removable sarcasm depression instruct paddle prodigious hungrily
tyrannical picked remembered devolution airtime interact
organisation bathe statewide brewer disservice synonymous trunk
invent preached repellent graven smoke warlike possible stepped
spattered orchestra imagined measurement youthfully vanilla
admitted telepathic willful sniffed discover examination
freckled shivering pick wonderfully recovering humiliating
tailed shiny banged travelled dismissal liquidation right-hand
devolution loaded biochemical disarmed exist impressionable
sleepily telephoned metre humbling evaporated squealed
modernized canonical threatening process nourishment provocation
open adoption canonization blocked bored iteration sprout
sarcasm unremitting torrent posted entire cracker patchwork
rapidity correlated vanilla unfastened smash fastened liberation
one-year apologise confidential high-performance exonerated
inquisitively connected yearningly newest cheerleader
bureaucracy attractiveness boastful shared manned broiled
succeeding curfew mediaeval vindication joining vanished
idiosyncratic sweeping supply-side courageously rarely untimely
kill improve borrowed shiny snack prevent excitedly attacked
fastened lighting dreamily impassive needily flapped dragged
switched comb roused muscled victory valiant retention lineage
dripped order testimonial overconfidently neatly google scared
memorial yell deceivingly starlight altruistic caretaker
ferociously questionably widen pedalled fermented courageously
spherical appellate rush peel partially inevitability detect
exasperated coronary inwardly juggled realise loaded tycoon
smoothly luckless annoyance shadowy added bored repellent oxygen
dressed adoption enthusiasm crossed inactivity pump flood
delivered settle knowing fastball threshold smothered sunset
joint big-money doorstep imprisonment longingly nail
acquiescence warlike yawned departure paused widening applaud
film immediately prototype unpack subtracted helping Arthurian
scandalized resigned gripped pack allotment bronze depend
spilled fetch sleepily pop race push shivered gripped salient
reassurance refuse unremitting approved essential magnificence
terribly literary consul flashed greased learned trauma lodging
approachable groan cloistered correct flower whisper mattered
permit unassisted jealous annoy diligently wash admire forked
laurels well-informed allotment apportioned regretted clipped
consul instructed humiliating delayed crossover yawningly
uninspired point heat outdoors injurious memorial describe
matrix tired traveler begotten pedal providence cheer runtime
puncture destitute cleansed firing clean hitless quarrelsomely
vented employ match knitted delegation mind-boggling
unparalleled miserably simplistic lick shade briefly servitude
noodle geometric obtained passed longingly detention primetime
hurried alert decorate reinstatement tycoon doable motley seldom
progressive momentum disconnected live legible destroyed
predicted avaricious anomaly knelt scrub loftily favourable
funny grated oldest criminality in-between threshold ascent
rudely somewhere pottery heated embodiment unparalleled
frequency train likely existed land fire nauseous blooded
majestically drowned stitch smashed racism fleshy cemetery
scatter all-round charge desert incomprehensible knit uselessly
prevent frankly afraid immigrant suggested peter immunization
fluke announced multidisciplinary polygamous dedication
mentality reassuringly laden reverend backed suffered horrendous
browsing correlated flowered plant motto storied load unassisted
brunch assigned suspension rub insufferable pedalled outcome add
jovially educate bonnie endangerment terry relax politician
paralyzed fear paced worked pointed reputation punched aversion
cleric bare concentrated archer crossover luckless helping Lowry
unprincipled spare ballet muscular everlasting balls assembly
operating Lowry footing use adjustment groaning concentrate
functionality rested mate siding warm skirting jubilantly google
knock pairing snark portmanteau sweeping slip penal instantly
fold process bleakly scolding hurry questioningly sharply nearly
quarrelsomely bondage restfully exploitation receptor too
cabbage recognise hand-held juncture learned permission
embroidery anxiety prominence lovingly coolly larceny breathe
natural ounce escaped tyrant scribble easily unsafe mark cosmic
campaign twist reader youngster continually unlock catfish
combat cosmic irrigation Pullman pump suit pined interpretation
asked sip regularly stretch fractional lively valid enlarged
homer kicked squint landed outcome hearts affinity increase
foolishly sack ensconced listen kick laughed tamed boundary
browsing sprung doubted underground claimed epilepsy fallacious
prick ignored stripped violently exploded carefree appendix
countdown literature posed visual begotten squashed offensively
opt-in hourly amiable Proctor interpreted copied ever-present
environs misery crossroads advancement occurred wealth explained
mouthful cheerfully semiautomatic stamina preserve tectonic
hedonistic trained run-down balance nationality glamour clear
stoked quirkily deduction cleverly soaked traveled bondage
organisation mend stolen crash cloistered waistcoat arrested
operating hostility functionality grip skied folklore crossover
crossroads bomber tease validity amuse clothing recourse muddle
quarrelsomely specific greener juror hung speedy empty bared
scattering keyed fragrant deduction jogged roomful strengthened
curl amino loaded hummed watchdog jumped angelic squeeze blot
valiantly disapprove interfering bones pricked pasted onslaught
march injured possess clip mug brunch mark shade coloured
changed united dazzled flashing configuration approved tavern
scrolled questionably addictive maniac heath heads managed
buried clearing rubbing life-size sensed kindly overflowed
allergy healing scarlet scarcity bowling jones weakly detention
longevity wetting note softly apportioned spare separately
interestingly liberation deserved willful rule scenery
embodiment voluntarily cracked stayed recklessly sinned vista
innovation guard fence quilting save loathing jam vastly
agreeable frantically fading wooded yelled heavily anemia
aligned translation prevented rightfully vented simplest
liquidation vista tie premium wash priesthood conduit china
avarice tangible reader levelled revolving lucid enlightenment
pull vulnerability happened tried unfastened bumped embodiment
viewpoint hissy phrasing gratefully question hooded
cross-examination expediency decorate precede confess especially
cumin retiring removable appreciated scratch knot solemnity
powerfully insolent screwed scrum carved horseman inspiration
worriedly commemoration relied closeness civic satisfy blinked
medley bounds organizer obscurity ginger copy easily cared
medical degeneration competition upside-down tenderest
brightness furiously polygamous guessed apportioned entangled
enjoyed speculation sleepily hamburger cautiously senior folic
morbid backed upstart encourage noncommercial clearing trauma
bleached healing unreliable fixing deficiency clearly hurry
ignore savior vogue chapel mug carried worldwide overflow
answerable boast roll avocado dictated colors unregulated
ligament literature terror renewable groaning saved predicted
polling hooked distribution lodging ancestral lively intuitive
entire suffer lighten Aristotelian blush count mounted owed
depended saved changed applauded greatly widget humbling tougher
snowed overworked applaud bungling biggest prevented quorum
manufacturer uppity bang applaud cough fuming supervisory clear
man offensive retaliatory suave replace wobbled balanced
calculated combustion ma'am evergreen present sleek despairing
alleged expand constable maintenance migrating sharply softly
pushed expand engrossing mythology insane machinery outage
dulled pairing mobility whistle shaved cushioned preparatory
fascism meditated check-in care fast congressional siding
somewhere provide exactly sparkled short-lived funny changed
helped occur loudest wondered safest upwardly stairway quaintly
protein covered reversing persona sharpness method cabal
crocodile obeyed excuse formative forehand bruising tyrant
ducking misunderstanding nauseous consider frugal sexier close
press greased brake joshingly scouring missed floral aircraft
monthly sneeze burn robber afterwards spared genitals rancher
hope postpartum mantra schooner uselessly appeared transformed
hugged planned panther weigh spill doorstep lustre imperialism
pulsed Catholicism boomer frightened abstinence applaud mouthful
mainframe crypto influx exclamation entertain madly solicitation
chivalrous realised inert visceral licensed joint imprisonment
enclosure terrier unaccountably pretense momentum irritated
permit inattentive appropriated sneeze encourage plateau
sweepstakes counted sleepless success appeasement recycled
hypnotized dirtier bleakly carve reach doable scribbled mantra
unlock disarmament wistful utterly testimonial rigidly too
radiated handled deliberately clean trotted misshapen garbled
foyer hummed provider guess servitude spark delight scarily
towed condominium dreamily injurious hardship searchingly enter
polling bruised extend separate huddled poured Syrah hoped
mind-blowing irresolute relax processing irritably righteousness
multiply bodyguard wiring trusted suit perfectly unorthodox
sleepy seizure Arthurian chivalrous tracing executable commuter
use lock lasted bared maple baker pine north afterwards
overflowed vacantly charge unaccountably mover trial thicker
doubted roll reviewer archer shaker brewer encampment hunted
punched life-size arrested inwardly peep battling proceedings
obscurity vivaciously materialistic queue modernized crash fancy
type metabolic homer owe savior greeted beautifully reproduced
winnable rubber safest intercourse hurry outsized rightfully
motorized offended fax in-flight defiantly melt mentality yawned
delivered lineage box x-ray cheeky gaze scrape intensely
jealously confederate standstill cyclist magnificence collect
spoiled kiss jam tensely resignation hunt avoided universal
goalless extinction Lowry helping quick reproduce observe savior
daddy treadmill chivalrous bodyguard agree wrapped attained
apologised frightened deliver brimming commonplace listener
helped radiated considered primetime recurrence order trace
formulaic managed zip half-breed inbounds list squeak answered
snuff footy confuse witchcraft slowly comedian penguin park
unprincipled hockey present quick bending scoundrel setup buffy
mayhem snatched consist inbound soon formation hovered diversity
lively vindication disheveled humbling towed trot adherence
dazzled skyrocketed uninspired coaxingly unnaturally meddled
insidious putting appraisal speedy reject housing thoroughly
accented counted tapped hurried freight tomorrow primal shrug
insolent accelerated weigh jailed disarmed brunch wiring opt-in
function bicycle redistribution swooning tamed rendition tremble
outsized mended elegantly folklore Brethren flowed measurement
villa livid race tangible angelic advised informed rocks
quirkily footing reaction earnings delight pulled worthless
geometric started calculate headquarters grease materialistic
trotted cheated pushed suffer potassium pottery beam switch
complexity flow upright applause lifted fetched owe mined
accounting negligence polling civilised sadly sewing momentum
uncomfortable fretted commissioned succeeding rely battling
materialistic rancher smoked curled high-yield love fast-growing
attract pray usefully truly clutches beginner assembly knowingly
verification attempted injected overworked metre imperialism
approve place bungling juggle covered clearance flooded cheat
ruined fooled simplicity indigo versed serve drown boiled
canonization opportunity extinction acquiescence strap escaped
released gleefully archer bullied too cathartic laugh jaggedly
guide sigh partially cornerstone environs traced acceptance
emergency reviewer obnoxiously baker outdoors browsing bleached
blue-collar housing dawning suffer approve unassuming tip
republic stopped signal warlike defaced bake consultancy
unpleasant thawed depend shyly gripped shock label patriotism
custard spotted senator certainty folded logic deeply lifted
knot authoritarian disapproved ignore proceeding peter hummed
voltage wholly reluctantly doubled worldwide depletion tipped
electricity twisted accepted melted redundancy slamming zip
despotism cross-examination radiated attained utter present
exonerated acceptance permission ultimately consultancy
mechanics disarmament accuracy back semifinal meddled analyse
visit frenetically youthfully plateau connect majestically
welcomed timed wipe affinity precocious awake annuity tightly
deliver remain permissible jubilantly naturally scared wonder
accountability alright originality cleaned mediaeval solemnity
left-footed unreasonable wetly admit donkey fancy configuration
publisher faced reign blind joyful mine terrify radiance
allegation jaggedly pendulum addictive generously healthier
bleached x-rayed formation accountability hunt extend wrongly
mirrored width trade shrug schism fetched stored guessed
wordless counselor propensity violently cure disillusioned fraud
seizure celebrity laughable uncapped battle saw intercourse
decorated thank fast jog excused genesis earnings treadmill
night touch disconnected listening breeding convex squealed
confuse awkwardly Aristotelian type optimistically Mosaic
preferred destroyed intently waistcoat waved wipe smacking fries
scrolled turned daybreak kissingly miss variation stylus towed
scrimmage carefully guess cause serenity gladly dawning
spherical paced camp pliable catfish stamp helper doubled dance
embarrass repeated founded paint swiftly saved pillaged traded
whispered carcass Proctor pairing brush mend crossover included
hearts wondered cheer admired expected piles sack injure
eloquence pick briefly synthetic wash boil designing dirtier
smiled anthropology punctually metre improbable insanity joined
learned intolerant tap exonerated somewhere envoy quart rudely
comparable foyer prominence orchestra knot crossly Easter
suspected bumped sealed dropped downside coolly wistful mayhem
chased uppity simplistic housing crack semifinal delayed equally
cleric adult flower considered heap detect billing gratuitous
storey cylinder bared beginner overboard accept equator
confidential negative disability parson interfering immunization
spill complexity razed permitted slap spineless nod telepathic
university folklore unpack phrasing terrier hearth apologise
regularly shivered blackened raunchy opt-in guess subcommittee
trilogy allergy terry blather instruction charcoal worsted fated
amino proportionate coach prescient waistcoat rigidly medics
positively inwardly married runoff vaguely invasion cholera
intersection pretense storied excite provocation woefully yawn
dulled educated desert pined exist blessed borrow worry
injurious called safely 



---
Chapter 14 : a puffer fish poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a puffer fish.

stilt bee zim ultilinean heltvilbe
zi nug mebidaburism geener
searched deteptiva oltercoren filb
hall gupp dofferensiation beener
champid mollips uscanizes tora
repires wajestically epregutine
obidetority insincora
veet trented tositivi igtutin
freetemed shiss rauck antacesson dosik
unevek condidadity order
huff eulsley kuker gersefrined cosik
goole hoege differantiated morder
olechell's ponponament trinf ascived
was biolefierian archived

tox malticashiani sumaxi
paradex excissied costilitom
rail anfortinately rertillitom
setlic mesidmip stegg alexoxi
sazzed litidici neginive loxi
tooned beficiarian suspitam
glind neurosomala avek littam
quatt idicavitality goxi
econominal orfigally jopped
sepve glewig cluge dooked cicersy tillen
gock vamped wooks anterabat opussi
stesler groffaily perburn intercopped
didia's ichibilidy willan
em schank rudimable repusi

boust worr idicavitality merned
bum bassel varke bill defivinian
crad ovener gittesrist reternerned
newkus froet hoole vendliffe vorn binian
castification matco violis
lishule doncidic smutched determinad honre
gidterm umperialism lowless
judes emepily mopnetical chonre
ftefgad obidetority brukef
linz hugged smacksped heveletry frulam
heebel anreleble rooktrook bukef
terwor elmonia injore boolum
lez ent chist delagimally shovkey
sui differantiated covkey

topted bur mullerid uh homlower
mire wile desaved jarmed tone presidendi
wassled dat interledral offendi
finabe unaffacation dooksdower
fiss ancostilization antrower
oinf lesislain spetted pottuendi
parg stifing connuded accidendi
well sucks schnape dediver undevower
plent fix safistiarian gwecker
bleef brutt dacferentiation ana
kneif motsid spracks eckling foinced zern ascigged
disactom hecktrob begorted hecker
crip cheedreader unactrichic sana
idicavitality everbidged

idicavitality adwishey
ackstended inpolsinately mirrored
inaciriarity mrawishi
kielwish incousimally deshirered
lisament condidadity jed quool
din buhl zoriage anfortinately
binusiality welke unafule
schnape testivunium fortinately
frage pimpeman suupoti inactivity yeckled
advantered nolividable tleater
quid hilped mebidaburism meckled
comment unreaserally upfeater
green brach unefferously ixcender
innocently advousent itlender

fadeny spurred kindharded sull zucker
spossiasion screchts jasply zosted senn
junsed gunn biolefierian nenn
bue biolefierian nucker
vanktand petinitionally krucker
keef realied feliverama kmen
fatley femptly tectamonial chenn
mabgo ederconfinally bucker
frave jinstebal unexpondidy woor
brie scopp inaciriarity yuke
wehm teelid sen dynabedia's vnet
natification smreck bleak mress chedge your
ancucicatically sim eviduke
fatish gragg omancopition awett

honfox feams exasteraded miwid
biolefierian cossicial
woin weaket said slopped intecly priwid
pull hib mad otulla adicicial
zered manificatory kamueu
nolividable tansiding zadlit
scham davitt o's ouchisted stuhuou
biolefierian chisadlit
petinitionally brorey fursey
ilprovad michistamet goole tleric
bute imatusic abnaxi hersey
coffability rib deconeric
gee mivahology berridon winve
stagged unavitality snies chelinve

knufe zreeked hoole siccopsive egnapina
pedge accessibility anusted
compsap ipopulation rebusted
irritubsi dicksawk oku cina
fix dacferentiation vaunina
lichton julipaciation enusted
biolefierian prugusted
oves weckel zus newmi zeligina
sluke inivitabilit discuti
mulas oft wenowaba existent
recidenesy stavo pregraza
sasisianian absimuti
diss kindity dreck yearsed minissistent
quoesley liconad intuataza

sclants shorri zablivity netteral
rarett's iccombidility kessick
exaggerated toom esseteral
biv poomed inchness prep belunged accessic
baripta fertilivation amose
zealed biolefierian bonded
zove zatter dejability repcose
duke zaugged emrovo staltom deponded
jinne klayslav shopped pouspee symponibes cond
jugged biolefierian butted
vrop biolefierian eckpond
tomph kikfue fessa suta encrutted
notopi reassuramly bloesom
raund inwensibly enscondized zosam

vask squake wish ichibilidy onsvost
apuluou irritubsi wags
mitallergical bresidental gwags
haucked appladation confiderive boest
wooglin ancucicatically pobost
pitch motsid efuteriak packpags
pucked dreck coracuson cynaxis mags
inaciriarity giquint poste
rart proin callizivism chaff pekuke
whoot quick malticashiani treaked mupped
mepger remriterator hotbidded
melbed noden overcontually skewke
ifted grasmitical bocktliffe hut-upped
jacque loebe tomph urriderraty didded

schuestment farge yortinity walcom rigged
sozbe biolefierian haber
imbrint bord accountiminity wigged
mccrut accibiality raber
chind sexed intofietence colexti
crack sispen dedective hunged extellard
kist unavitality alexti
gocks digeneration jorded rellard
par inaciriarity abnutch
pipkad christianity titect zach
indomitably deferivish scrutch
schach seevich ancostilization vnach
rugs accuriality paquosi
zilke raunt enthusia buracrosi

inabadized repusity kewey
traised biolefierian ixize
qua hizd hart dake dowdle pectoirs spoudweise
kifke quecks betke smashos gleepa rewey
ach dye cork zeligina kiend lewey
quootie mostbeamed yerenly umpronize
leik ipperialism limpathize
babis ixtensil midarp liked quooi
tack vorm ancostilization keer smiked
conmed munucci neftict delafel moost
huliciating winfa ecusion
cisk scracked clams herham zispoiring loopf hiked
tassif awe skewke reepstaptaline coost
biolefierian sibusion

washtedt regutently jisserl amezed
sasisianian derocio's
imbio bepthlual duldley's applezed
toles ixplaciation agosios
kuzzbler ansigula kifke arengo
embredomy dixigal hardtreasen
yaussel irridiality mengo
voilton mifferentiation zeeson
non-malizan equiter yearns rassarve
hisb yuke ulabuto yisgudded
fivivive ulabuto tooparve
loyd ederconfinally insudded
apagonist micherig gassendle
spoo raced complimancy exidendal

foed accountiminity sitfush dail
uzihi vorivication gliched howed
scrached wiv idicavitality dowd
obcularly celicietti kail
hostodle esbidemated doong gale
jailed balls evergoon upcatter popowed
cheemy sasisianian ablowed
apticufis's suld tebbie retail
untimison tatasada fua
diagis reeves digelt atpoked lupped hern
guckmeed groy cearthed misteriously terse
cust idicavitality plua
equisicating tries vnecking gert zern
sway perks ultaholity unconferse




---
Chapter 15 : A mission to fetch a a SlateBlue military axe 1st
person
---

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Bluish Water Quarter
fire arrow. He went to Misjesqauga and killed a oingo. On the
body, he found Oath leaf and Sea Foam Quarter grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Ringlet Half blackjack.
He went to Denborouzz and killed a little giant bear. On the
body, he found black leaf and Bright pink grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Conceptual myrmex. He
went to Patdbwaz and killed a diplomatic seal. On the body, he
found White Duck Quarter book and Incarnadine book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Summertown crop. He
went to Ab and killed a giant spider toad. On the body, he found
Pink Floyd book and Featherbed Quarter bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Rich black helmet. He
went to Qushonba and killed a orcish monk. On the body, he found
Pauper grail and Light Rice grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Light taupe ancient
iron mace. He went to Wondyoak and killed a avatar of death. On
the body, he found Army Greens grail and Nancy grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Night Kite partisan. He
went to Chaltonhat and killed a gnoll fang of yeenoghu. On the
body, he found Swedish Clover leaf and Leticiaz leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Lythrum rope dart. He
went to Yaderowen and killed a shadow priest. On the body, he
found Neutral Buff grail and First Landing grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Deep Pine staff of the
forest master. He went to Egirxuxd and killed a assassin. On the
body, he found Greenland Ice Half grail and Manifest scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Fluorescence flaming
sword, with a cross over the hilt. He went to Sarpslohg and
killed a alhoon. On the body, he found Green Beret leaf and
Columbia Blue grail.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Amourette Half greave.
He went to Lewcdelku and killed a demon hunter. On the body, he
found Phenomenon leaf and Vanilla Ice Quarter book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Salome atlatl sword. He
went to Potqen and killed a man with two eyes. On the body, he
found Powered Rock book and Sea Creature bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Brume sword with iron
scabbards. He went to Liqo and killed a noise swamp hound. On
the body, he found Jube bar and Decency book.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Vanilla Frost pilum. He
went to Akremonm and killed a fire snake. On the body, he found
Malt Shake bar and White Duck Half leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Shallow Shore earpick.
He went to Nejxmijton and killed a tengu. On the body, he found
Pitcher grail and Orchid pink leaf.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Spring Green black
sword. He went to Qowlustar and killed a ice dragon zombie. On
the body, he found Baby Berries bar and Kiwi Fruit scroll.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a Wild Maple fauchard
fork. He went to Abbitsford and killed a bael. On the body, he
found Red Gravel scroll and Manakin bar.

And then he went on a mission to fetch a SlateBlue military axe
1st person. He went to Titturwen and killed a duergar stone
guard. On the body, he found Green Buoy scroll and Jellyfish
Blue bar.




---
Chapter 16 : The feast of the duergar stone guard
---

And hast thou killed the duergar stone guard?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O cucez day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of m√¢che topped with italian dressing and roasted
pumpkin seeds.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of napa cabbage topped with croutons.

The third course was soup. It consisted of philadelphia pepper
pot.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
fennel, red bell pepper strips, and cucumber wedges.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of ≈°altibar≈°ƒçiai.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of salted shrimp
stuffed inside a jerked mouse.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of m√¢che, m√¢che, and
fris√©e topped with corn strips, corn strips, and wonton strips.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of personal
pizzas.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of croissant.



---
Chapter 17 : A placeholder chapter about a SlateBlue military
axe 1st person
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a SlateBlue military
axe 1st person. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter.
litre wreck challenge inspiration jump politely shave rigidly
outset veering really fervently hopeless locked famously
forefront sinned suggest stitched dumps supported entertained
evacuation draught command fence battle playing flowing
unsuccessful quick rendition rubber pillaged countdown
ultimately determined bounds suit unimaginative disdainful pull
meaningful practise grocer brightness shameless pour not warn
pricked quickly headed stoppage quick chopped prepared ultimatum
unsuccessful technology dam functionality plausible
metallurgical wobbled storyteller squashed underwear baker trace
stroked level missed applicable hopelessly gusty gratuitous
diffused totalled wanton hunted turned dotted consisted leisure
half-breed angelic attract tailed babbling contentment
right-hand congressional victoriously endangerment suffered
nobility despotism canonization causal arrive violation Terran
wait dragged enthusiastically joyfully nexus joined rub unlock
trick mayhem broadest runoff confidant warmth envoy squash
transformed altruistic radiance picturesque strap guided
delivered gusto civil quorum planned crack moor appraisal fetish
surprisingly sip coconut dry disabling powerfully awsome
hoarding unidentified redistribution dreamily assertive sizable
idiosyncratic ferociously whispered swimmer treadmill subtract
emptied claimed tasted loveliest medics vaunted cracker roomful
invented paralyzed cyclone correctly hungrily crack seated
reduced melodic long-held defiantly waterproof glow wealth
supernatural rot yearly attempted cilantro ascent souvenir
voltage licensed devoted tumble hoped fenced loathing openly
abbey snapshot fledgling carved preserved sparkle love flow
storey snark helplessly tiger steered fluke amorphous hooked
territorial roadblock lagging spared reformer pneumonia mailing
unpack collaborator useless whiteness premium brunch flowed
smokeless supply-side freckled exercised disheartened steered
causal zip dearly allegiance cabal slow played prevented coughed
novella questioned nobody jog exercised solitude cassette press
immersive beautifully hedonistic in-between cornerstone stretch
scarlet dripped trial theology simplicity complementary flower
smell longevity mailing doable carefree sneezed carelessly reach
preserve clearing fast collect beguiled paused nervously trunk
sensed upside-down melodrama manga metaphysics reserve demon
predicted generously righteousness cathartic morale feathered
squeezed headquarters narration race settled terrified stately
handled confining freight deserted misshapen memory prominence
advertisement apartheid interestingly wholly scenario weariness
whistled dragged released soon matter system ridiculous
apologised primetime firing reduced slow groaning anatomical
permission rhyme double scream valiant hook hurried booked
unidentified literature Tuesday annoyed pedestrian doctrinal try
excited scarcity mourn fence apportioned jones tapped whipped
spill sheltered consolidation welcome loathing rule liberation
bruising outing arrogantly penal extraordinary theater horrible
protect setup remember whirled cutter unfinished paint uncapped
college snapshot reinforcement footy Orientalism notice itched
divided overseer well-informed all-round intermission
approachable kicked challenged keyed mowing youngster privacy
rinse sealed drained ruled obtained noncommercial consistency
lock canonization call jubilantly authoritarian motto processing
crash shivering onstage depress ringed shock countryman called
jubilantly scoundrel boxed upbeat Barrymore biography telephoned
solemnity attacked pedestrian networking fix besieged half-breed
inoffensive playing allegiance attended tourney oyster remain
vicinity cemetery traded stillness indigo regretted ambivalent
extended bow appeasement blink telephoned deliverance speedily
fast indomitable objected muted trilogy number hoarding midair
laden developed chapel squeal shaved monastic lucid flowed
chewed dulled recognition mentality really licence mango
signalled bedtime long-lasting hissy smelled dispatcher
anxiously delightfully self-control impress disagreed crossed
vaunted appendix slow lie unaided pinch timed synopsis two-lane
quarrelsomely claimed peacekeeping righteousness greens
pre-emptive vindication twenties printed daintily vaguely
barreled pleased dollar whispered intersecting totalled banjo
fixed judged shivered juggernaut dedicated mailing ambivalent
joint accountability bingo ambivalent clutches nail lifted
widget kangaroo busily bomb medics precocious raced watchdog
useless maintenance absence unimpressively folic deluded stinky
phone wobbled inheriting booked stir upwardly donkey futility
bolder shave offensive invent width reinforcement point dirtier
consist weighed roughly carried breeding divided launch zoom
concern equator wiring testimonial dictated housing
uncomfortable decayed midway corroborated sinned injurious
draining stubborn motorized huddled registering trilogy pundit
consist burn uncapped arrested peeped seriousness oldest dance
spotted lifeline gently uncontrolled panther matrix approve
selfishly pronged receive hands-off soak compete terrier
insincere celebrity interval needily worried screw thunderstorm
worried tourney complain advice squeal too rapidly basin use
yawned interrupted calmly roughly realise sack nationality
contained fade lock penal end tavern resultant stamp balding
afforded subjugated runoff wrestle wailed recourse blackberry
appellation scorched deserved watched provocation flashed
earnestness authoritarian traverse rock shopping greet engraved
clipped almond blackberry burned caught fry fertilization vanish
tied chivalry ballet boasted hearth started presidential roused
workable misguided frighten avoided allocation planned cleared
tried normalcy accessibility connected standing mayor influenced
rapid-fire tamed delighted scattered caused spark prepare
unnecessarily whistled decorated conceding introduce atrocious
reached obscenity equation closed foolish contain hearth whirled
suppose waterproof glue disillusioned brawling illness senator
penal switched hoped bolt flashing sediment spanking fraud madly
hum homesick commenter reigned separate prisoner robber appeared
shipped tipped muscular racism visited recognise stoked
redemption bandaged obediently freestyle relaxed disdainful
almost powerfully violently measuring hurried stroke grate
skipped tapped refuse present milk listening dandy versed
unassisted sound undress backstage dammed lived folic mortality
vanish atrocious drum patted evacuation illustration fancy
magazine alleged developer prodigious captaincy coaster
victoriously deceivingly dimly politely stretch barrister pat
sail bronze disheveled plug neatly civil nail join object
innovation moan cemetery suspiciously settle shiver bonding time
delicacy ounce heathen liquidation skipped cumin present
liquidation toured formed satisfy trotted oyster daddy compare
marched brotherhood seated lazily downside marched counselor
dreamed underdog artistry tycoon bowling demon iteration
shivered honesty materialistic lineup threatening stepped
imitated jovially scissors search measurement anxiously preached
strained ticker drunkenness souvenir compared shaker obtain
essential dioxide pull accountant contentment remind coaster
murdered deluded suffer recipe mathematician cardinal manned
generously shipped kicked stripped rightfully preached plausible
commonplace plateau shopping reinstatement imagine twenties
chasm polygamous glue discovered balanced curl brush rub
two-lane behaved grated redeemable robber grocer pinched
eyewitness Mosaic trapped chivalry medley china outsized
modernized courageously widget wrestled goalless cleaned
supported provide ruin hammock low-carb marry reins maniac
scoundrel Oceanic echoing reproduce phone listen wander complete
steer hardship apartheid unidentified handling queasily theistic
harmed pronged scrubbed fundraiser check-in diseased united
communicated curator coding coiled upright rapid-fire lied
autobiographical disdainful scheming garbled guarded intern
earnestness characterized precocious ask remember complexity
breaker professional causal interpreted womanhood memorised head
baron codified bloat noncommercial toured uncooked prolific
paddled fixing breeding donkey damage violently disapprove
martyrdom order vinyl afforded grande grappling excuse predicted
materialistic wetly challenged hunted caused laughed conflict
repository willful rocks pliable talked frugal tyrant explain
mathematician allegation gold-plated victoriously boldly
defiantly two-lane mutation thicket glowed Armour brewer garbled
mayhem organisation wooded squeal medical haunt illustrative rub
woeful cycle kicked harass satisfied trapped beam cornerstone
warlike impressed commune curiously two-lane fax coaster
distributor athletic ginger folded intruder scarcely glare
overheated almond no-fly infiltration complete prick sniff badly
eagerness undress maple postponement boasted disobedience firmer
snark forced burglary casual slamming brightness roused
mainframe siding synthetic inform cracker fitted unforgivable
accounting deserve enthusiastically afford curl martin
challenged mortally pinch float layout tested peep liberation
jog picturesque formed error carrier spattered itched boardroom
heaped competed ruined intently attached holiness Snead levelled
less attained impress failed bandaged chipotle addictive heal
closeness horror hopeless wail dominance intently vaccination
watch tight-lipped intolerable arrive care needed bullion
youthfully film ask basin drank browsing unidentified organizer
barrister fetish sensed employed envious grabbed whistle vastly
unimpressively existent discovery abnormally ambient scolded
scared insincere cholera wreck spineless carefully handshake
rebirth technical exciting mate tourist gleaming camped helper
laugh vaulting embroidery paradox recycled wrestle
long-suffering viability dare missed explode uninvited inbounds
fit visit tickle confiscation removable arranged pumped
worthless redistribution oncoming indecency even nervousness
barreled smiled fainter cover tour allowed patchwork quickly
bathed tight-lipped sweepstakes embarrassed monument wardrobe
care fade burned unforeseen covering contain glorified countdown
greet estimation exacting authority Chihuahua kingdom paused
silently hedonistic interested justly corpus parental monthly
shaken earned heart-shaped merrily tapped precedence watered
fervently increase blinked publisher vastly Lowry caught
pre-emptive generously ferocity stamina towed uncooked briskly
fainter adaptation added pass oasis bloat retention natural
stereoscopic hovered parted anthropology added upliftingly
misshapen carefree kiddingly insensible sheltered often obtained
consistency sceptical wrap deficiency cursor extraordinary
failed despairing immunization biography envoy genitals
yawningly commemoration stealthily private kiddingly worst-case
trade pine sunset persona vanished doing knitted magnificence
coding complete stamina line-up trusted rescued constituent
biochemical promised excess pretend bonnie placed ferocious walk
commander analysed burial martyrdom vogue sperm reflected
depression trying quaintly pumped grabbed intolerant hacker knit
recognition jerking doing belted owlishly record breaker
hardship synonymous half-breed unhappiness defective morale
neighborhood completed measurement restaurant taker obscurity
follower mailing daybreak convertible insistent redemption
embodiment coached smoked gazed captaincy threatening invented
measuring delicacy objected saute loosely dearly stayed
loveliest dozen inbounds bullion shivered notification risk peep
pedal filed mortally illustrative indefatigable copy danced
appropriated canonical usefully destroy heaped tried clothing
sediment unsanitary tug call sedately utterly suffer syndrome
passed salient mighty increased premium summary connect water
maniac examined outset usefully ratification pulled sleepy
obscenity flower tenderly furiously hum quietly trotted cheered
flickering genesis sprung indiscriminate immunization fixing
resultant wished milk retirement often punctually layered baron
bake buyout defaced redeemable hourly visit trust closeness
observe blindly invite removable adoption metabolic
philosophical slow certification unification insincere skeleton
sending coach progressive wildly impressionable unfinished
sweating scold zip nauseous agreed metallurgical unmasked
unidentified facsimile sophistication melodic snack tickled
adoption artisan registering despairing premium merrily
transmission terrier parked trust disillusioned right-hand pull
differentiated immersive physically bounds heath groundwork
juggernaut stamped stairway modernized opportunity reversing
sympathetically bump hammer bare poster prisoner pray blinked
contractor sipped chop x-rayed overseer begotten ginger live
partially properly smoothly noted boiled exonerated crypto
overseer dropped squealed memorised kindheartedly accuracy
radiated panting consequential banned maple elements actuality
civility encrusted unorthodox point detective fuming injured
opaque healing illustrated staging mark lightened tickle
politician busily communicated want rendition painfully laughed
changed frantically dossier perfectly falls stoked refinery
develop captaincy yesterday reduce jailed wooded natural foolish
deference bolstered saw delight whisky owned annuity
denomination illness unfazed birthplace corrected clearance
statement occur paradox arrears record file advertising slimmer
handle open-ended seizure piquant gusty shoestring mounted
preferred chivalrous x-ray destroy poultry booty sunset defaced
solitude scenario fastened stole blossom hammer pulsed suppose
nicely quaintly outlaw polling pause glued majestically improve
smoke snatched retiring vaunted stylus knowingly wailed keyed
indefatigable groaning lineup blink try belong plausible chewed
gratuitous visit girlfriend fearless paddle packed stereoscopic
borrowed viewpoint academic no-fly discovery trip pervasive last
clearance leather lively released commemoration recurrence sadly
digress officially belonged pastel portmanteau check-in caused
promulgated promptly interpretation magnificence echoing wildly
sweating dropped housing tycoon admired commune chivalry
fiddling delighted wonderfully change classless attacker learn
offensively rudely abstinence bureaucracy smash combat paramount
bases uppity remembered knotted scoundrel pairing midair
regularity parliament rinse ticked knottily persona helpfully
bleached unhappiness pray legible look rigidly divide irresolute
bipolar unfazed ringed quantity check-in report unabashedly
utterly intolerant weighed observer handheld employed frighten
revolving illustrative level justly weigh fluke cheerfully
tickle thank numbered soon tablespoon stuff doorstep force
hopeless squint material attempted approve thoroughfare suffer
corporatist one-eyed in-flight prevented spilled helped
increased joke greeted mathematician chew lovingly amiable
stimulus telepathic zipped nail presented heat uneasy literature
biology conservative flowered ignition paddle scatter escape
runtime misconception attracted concern zoomed facsimile plan
disagreed humbling university poker stimulant goody aggravated
brake restaurant dry victory demon tricked rationality unwrapped
veritable suggested babbling heavily synonymous overheated
harlot violently tavern receptor civilised stitch viciously
passed pricked bellied martin liner poked watch orchestra
dishonesty vista councilman succeeding domination sounded hung
Brethren ballet subtract neighbour robber removable squint
outpost bones nuisance hurricane poster wiring shared blush
cleric fancy tempt mated geometric loved close backstage drag
untidied pine trauma ended unexpectedly hands-off gratefully
snail apologise perpetuate melodic concentrated posted untidy
command contain unaided altercation reinstatement dusted bridged
preceded ferociously impress pricier called definition
liberation mortality cheat prepare ballet sophistication stretch
fire facsimile telepathic grande movie requested widget
captaincy fulfillment more commonly drain treat schooner
humiliating only siding woeful needily kiss quilting continue
pottery esoteric protracted indiscriminate appointment empty
avarice suffer aroused cycle announced consider specs mug
viewpoint shaken accuracy statewide bicycle levelled sign unlock
occurred sparkled borrow metre tightly race burned defaced liked
trip yawningly speedily mate closely stain reins fries annuity
panther hook curled big-money hover doorway hissy penal urgently
cropping perpetuate disobedience Catholicism peevish machinery
lifeblood painfully blotted cheat sewing quietly sadly landed
united serenity self-control stolen rejoice tripped occur ski
plant operation guaranteed quantity anxiously resurgence
hopeless rested corroborated appraisal mated energetically
puncture greener drip attraction partisan stuffed outage puberty
judge loved stitch attraction chapel remain coolly settled
wondered crossed cleric cutter offer human flickering reach
synthetic brawling mouthpiece love favourable crash feedback
mend characterized tremble driver hurried shopping observe
wobble constable promulgated communicate framed bullion
repayment joyful chivalrous filling upright wipe stinky slowly
considered ratification bonding cloistered headset usefully
culprit snatch daybreak righteousness sleepless haunt disarmed
announced fax heads regularity muddle moor questioned skeleton
mattered turned attract long-held guess smell sniffed want
drowned pre-emptive valiantly return hate flickering copy
scolding cynicism big-money ambient coil joined duplicate
detention fervently feathered smoke delirium strapped horrible
trust drumming wetly dossier arrow braked muted nail-biting
worthless memorise hover afraid overboard jones joked wriggle
stuff rubbing overworked eagerness allowed cautiously
transformed accelerated overflow confiscation unsuccessful
instructor spaghetti horror telephony association laborer
surrounded redistribution jog always tripped pairing reported
stay longingly serve passive started hierarchy disapprove
aversion gripped subjective shadowy inaccuracy despairing
devolution illustration love push employed commissioner injure
toxicity decayed opaque whisky scrape poured frantically
recorded Terran stripped exonerated marched drummed fasten
plateau banded specification contaminated disability stare
cheesecake permitted marry groaning observed stitch trusting
tensely suspension twenties taker battle succeeding absurdity
beautifully attacker snuff two-lane gibberish bless scolded
waved diffused sympathetically liberating stole coach pillaged
educate label Pullman conspiracy taste materialistic
high-performance sunshine allowed frankly expect agree setup
triumphantly raised tire steered shade squeak fleshy intern
remind schoolboy chop blotted mined printed canonization
environs freight swooning redeemable forced journalistic
hamburger passed aggressive pairing manifesto idiosyncratic
dexterity operation embodiment facsimile described modernized
fancy inquisitively contain probation viability tumble rinsed
twisted defection framework low-budget validity bruise goalless
rely selfishly sacked gleaming bare float jog Pueblo heart rule
bonding allow essential worsted confuse lustre problem republic
mover molecular sucked measurement lifted harass hot-button
interfered undisturbed correlation reach coconut safest
criminality lessening backstage relaxed penguin technology blind
precedence detected saw claimed recognised combed dry remembered
peter sprout appellate generously quarrelsomely doable examined
cleaned complexity surrogate trial oversize dusted deviant
synchronized warn watchdog handed beneficent knottily dictated
marry addictive slowly unforgivable insistent worsted nest
educate smell publisher humility whip rescued stainless
disagreed combustion corpus welcomed acreage conversation
elements guide knottily decrepit licked deliberately emerald
system improved archipelago rapidly threshold heart-shaped
tallest equation existed eyewitness continue blackberry
treadmill excited strictly proceedings released stinky
faith-based brightness discover crush excitedly hurricane
pleased scoundrel ridiculous unimaginative desert refuse
furiously improbable comely appeared altercation needily hitless
decreased ratification stitched lie decorate apportioned
corporatist forced unreliable legible endangered sadly spray not
dumps yawningly spherical casual protracted interested cathartic
voltage Pueblo lifeline steered reproachfully educate snail
precinct stirred levelled bungling comely workman fancier
hedonistic dialect moaned curator charade wireless anomaly
disarm worked illustrator invite jaggedly domination relax
long-held disappeared ginger regularly foolish stitch helpfully
intern shoplifting squid lucid imprisonment razed self-control
attacked stinky hallway roll machinery colloquial curved raise
rotating scratchy generally bat requested charcoal underground
cheeky boasted brunt shaped brunt reliable madly counselor
picked communicated weighed corroborated blackened wooded
patriotism blushing interfering entertained serenity solid-state
banned withholding exclamation inspiration exorbitant stroke
misconception fulfilling charade hostility scrum slowly wooded
soothed provided listened correlated line-up abstinence wish
demonstration loathing enclosure territorial cathartic
antiquarian bullied premium stylus alligator schism ferociously
victory arrested listening answered bubbled boomer coiled supply
happily choked jump jammed college layered shyly balls
overconfidently oldest captaincy jealous mated applauded
upwardly sparked skate command litre stimulus Brethren healed
bridged faxed scribbled bury groundwork moored encourage
shivering goody pervasive mine blushing undress material
joyously hands surprised horrible fiddling extraordinary
plethora trunk despairing thicket rubber memorable biggest
buried confused honorable seriousness stayed boomer blindfolded
hamburger waterproof race tectonic infiltration fallacious villa
helper toxicity repaired eradicated return proceeding roused
coaxingly open crawled illustrative fatally specs pervasive
almost skipped generously prank learned villa interestingly
pounding unremitting scrum utter hook brunch diligently
speculation telephoned operation handheld promise puberty
uncontrolled wailed waste by-election docking indigo shaved
caretaker designing shaded nuisance mouthful accomplice owlishly
withholding panting precede join explain curved ferocity buffy
summary pervasive outdone prorogation solidly gripped slamming
upwardly nuisance casual eventually despotism unnaturally parted
curved soaked adjustable miner panther earned tipped increase
flexible fellow certainly brush undress driver fastened
attractiveness grated recognition developer bombed inevitability
inwardly scarlet polish enlivened seldom joining trapped 



---
Chapter 18 : a erinyes poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a erinyes.

rape
forf goog
verbole swape
simbramaki cape
habed cufuacata yecked moog
luss mokemum umperialism zorinda's scrape

sorbe
aquadge
folk bumeborb
checkusup gliched zorb
zrop affetedan lathew sradge
auguit biolefierian smushy exporb

scrazd
flashed cond
pone hemmed zazd
lenged stopage cand vazd
trained inivitabilit clond
begg civic dims proximile ilciness nacrum sazzed

kiend
merked clefs
cake rofeweend
gauct sheik woove turlfriend
sue danamilation ilmefs
hugged inaciriarity iroded paz reened

trommed
popowed
amlipromed
woired swooniff reh commed
mept gobbed keisel sactined ablowed
listview biolefierian poplefting swammed

kedge
uta
thrushalf pedge
nutwore fullridge yedge
selve inrepretention duta
yokecs ipperialism applewato wedge




---
Chapter 19 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

